Skip to Main Navigation
Skip to Search
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Footer Links
UMass
Admissions
Academics
Campus Life
Research
About
Athletics
Toggle Search
 
Search
UMass Boston
Current Students
Parents & Families
Faculty & Staff
Alumni
Request Info
Visit
Apply
Give
Pause Background Video
A University
for the Times
Explore
Winter Term 2026 is open for registration!

Get ahead in 3 weeks this January with a winter course. Winter Term runs January 5-23, 2026. Choose from 60+ online and in-person courses.

Register Today
Find Your Passion, Launch Your Future

Ready for an education that inspires you? Use our Program Finder to explore our 200+ undergraduate and graduate programs—including in-person, hybrid, and online options.

Majors & Minors
Graduate Programs
Online Programs
Open Video Modal
A Campus that Reflects Our Diverse World

UMass Boston welcomes, champions, and celebrates diversity. We are proud to be the most diverse college campus in New England, and the third most diverse in the U.S. Become a Beacon and enrich our community with your unique background and experience.

UMass Boston is a very diverse school. A lot of schools claim that they are, but I feel it here. I've always embraced my self-expression with my tattoos and then being in the queer community, and I've always felt accepted here. 
HARLEY
Play Video
I'm a first-generation student. My parents didn't get the opportunity to graduate from college, and to be here I'm not only fulfilling my dream, but I'm fulfilling my family dream—my parents' dream. 
ANJALI
Play Video
I work at Fenway, I study at UMass Boston, I live in Charlestown. Being here  is really a dream come true for me. I can't even actually believe that this is my life. I'm really excited for my future because it looks so different than what I had planned and what I thought. This injury started off as something I thought was going to end my life, and it ended up opening so many doors—and UMass Boston was one of them.
STEFAN
Play Video
The thing about UMass Boston is the professors are very passionate about what they teach... They're able to open a lot of doors, and they do provide a lot of resources for you.
EDEN
Play Video
When it comes to my impact on the world, I want it to be through music. And hopefully what I teach my students, they can teach to their students, creating music together to bring a positive change to the world.
MYA-JAI
Play Video
First day at campus, I was really scared because it was a different language, a different culture. My whole life changed, but everyone was so welcoming and made me feel safe. I was really happy. It was a huge opportunity. It was a new start in my life. I want to be an ambassador because I want to give voice to those people that don't have a voice.
VALERIE
Play Video
1 / 6
By the Numbers
R1
Classified as an R1, the highest level of research university
53%
of new students are the first in their family to go to college
117
countries are represented on UMass Boston’s campus
3rd
most diverse student body in the U.S. according to 24/7 Wall Street
#1
in New England for social mobility according to U.S. News & World Report
65%
of students identify as BIPOC
News at UMass Boston
Explore All News
At the Boston Globe Summit, UMass Boston Faculty, Staff and Students Tell Stories of Making an Impact

12/11/2025 | Elizabeth Deatrick

UMass Boston’s College of Management Celebrates 50 Years

12/04/2025 | Office of Communications

Record Number of In-State First-Year Students Welcomed at UMass Boston Following Historic Beacon Pledge Commitment

09/02/2025 | Office of Communications

Boston Connection

Take the free shuttle to public transit and head to an internship downtown, catch a play in the Theater District, or cheer on the Red Sox at Fenway Park. Try a bánh mì sandwich in Dorchester or explore the murals in Roxbury. Become a part of this thriving, energetic city.

UMass Boston student Stefan G. volunteers at Fenway Park

Boston's Theater District includes more than a dozen historic venues where you can see everything from modern dance to Broadway shows

Boston's Public Garden, established 1837, was the first public botanical garden in America

Boston's Chinatown is the epicenter of Asian-American culture in New England

"Breathe Life" mural by Rob 'ProBlak' Gibbs in Boston's historically Black Roxbury neighborhood

Grabbing a bánh mì sandwich in Boston's Dorchester neighborhood, a hot spot for Vietnamese food and culture

Boston's Freedom Trail and Black Heritage Trail connect dozens of sites significant to the history of the United States

Enjoying a fall day on Boston Common, established 1634, the oldest city park in the United States

1 / 8

 

 

Next Steps

Request Info
Visit Campus
Start Your Application
UMass

100 Morrissey Blvd.
Boston, MA 02125
617.287.5000

Contact UMass Boston
Directory
Employment
Civil Rights & Title IX
Map
Safety & Security
Transportation
Document Converter
Website Requests
Back To Top
Instagram
Facebook
LinkedIn
TikTok
YouTube

Copyright © 2025 University of Massachusetts Boston

UMass System
Accessibility Statement
Privacy & Terms