Campus closed for Winter Break Dec 25-Jan 1 | End-of-year giving information

Close Campus Message
Skip to Content
Skip to Navigation
Skip to Search
UNIVERSITY OF MISSOURI-KANSAS CITY
Apply Get Info Give Students Faculty Staff
Search UMKC.edu:
About
Academics
Admissions
Student Life
Athletics
Research
Alumni and Giving
DARE TO SHINE

MAKE YOUR DREAMS A REALITY WITH A DEGREE FROM UMKC.

APPLY TO UMKC

Text description of the video
 
Pause Video
Choose Blue. Choose Bold.

Once in a lifetime, a university reaches a moment where history and ambition converge to serve a great city. Where purpose and aspiration unite to create unstoppable bold change. At UMKC, that time is now. Blue & Bold: The Campaign for UMKC will raise $700 million to support a visionary strategy that will raise the profile of the university and its capability to serve the future.

Release the Potential in Every Roo

Scholarship and student support programming helps every student on our campuses fulfill their potential, complete their degree, and go on to innovate and lead in both their chosen field and in their community.

Transform Discovery for the Challenges of the Future

Building on UMKC’s strong history of quality research, innovation and entrepreneurship education, UMKC makes a strong contribution to the future of our city and the world through the philanthropic support of faculty positions, research and innovation programming.

Create Servant Leadership for a Better World

The university’s clinics, centers and service programs provide healthcare, social services and support to our region and beyond while giving our students the rich experiences that will prepare them for a lifetime of leadership and service.

DARE TO BE BOLD 
LINK OPENS IN A NEW TAB
Wall Street Journal Ranks UMKC in Top Spots — Again

UMKC takes top spots among public universities in Missouri and Kansas in Wall Street Journal/College Pulse Best Colleges in the U.S. for second year in a row!

No. 1
Student Experience

We've redefined the college experience by connecting to the community in ways that enrich our students' lives and address community needs.

No. 1
Social Mobility

Our innovative programs ensure every student can build a solid foundation for the future.

No. 2
Best Value

More than 95% of our first-year students and 87% of our transfer students receive financial aid.

COSTS AND AID

Blaze New Trails

We offer more than 125 academic areas to ignite your interests. So, go ahead, set the world on fire. We'll light the spark.

ALL PROGRAMS HOW TO APPLY
Kansas City’s Only R1 University

The Carnegie Research 1 designation, the top research designation in the country, reflects years of dedication to research, innovation and community collaboration. UMKC is one of only 98 four-year U.S. institutions — 3% of all universities in the nation — to earn both Carnegie R1 and Carnegie Elective Community Engagement classifications.

$147M
Research awards

Faculty, students and staff sent off 610 research proposals in fiscal year 2023 and increased the ratio of proposals-to-awards and the amount of requested-to-funded dollars by 8%.

$55M
Research and development spending

UMKC spent $5 million more on research and development this year than the $50 million required to become a Carnegie R1 university.

$302M
Community impact

UMKC annual research expenditures directly and indirectly contribute a significant benefit to the economic health of our region.

2,090
Jobs supported

The R1 distinction is critical for Kansas City as it continues to elevate its brand in attracting world-class corporations, culture and talent. This designation will help attract and create new businesses and jobs.

RESEARCH
A Place to Connect

Experiences beyond the classroom are an important part of your education at UMKC. We're confident you'll make meaningful connections that open the doors to adventure, opportunity and finding your people.

STUDENT LIFE

400 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS, PROFESSIONAL GROUPS AND CLUBS ON CAMPUS

UMKC Bestows More Than 1,200 Degrees at Mid-Year Commencement

UMKC conferred more than 1,200 degrees during its mid-year commencement ceremonies at Hy-Vee Arena in Kansas City.

MID-YEAR COMMENCEMENT

“
"Kansas City is such a large city with countless opportunities, and that can feel overwhelming at first. But having faculty who help guide you step by step, connect you with people, resources and experiences, makes a huge difference."
Bailee Ehlers, psychology major

BAILEE'S STORY

UMKC Streetcar Stop Now Open!

The KC Streetcar is now open for riders at the UMKC stop at 51st Street and Brookside Boulevard. The expanded KC Streetcar line opens up a world of possibilities for students, faculty and the community. For UMKC students, this means even easier access to job and internship opportunities and everything the city has to offer.

ALL ABOARD, ROOS!

PARK. RIDE. EXPLORE.

Featured Events

From center stage to center court, there's always something exciting happening on campus and around Kansas City.

ALL FEATURED EVENTS

Hungry for More?

Stay up-to-date with our latest headlines.

COMMUNITY
ALUMNI
CAMPUS

UMKC NEWS

APPLY VISIT GET INFO
UNIVERSITY OF MISSOURI-KANSAS CITY

Volker Campus
5000 Holmes St.
Kansas City, MO 64110

Health Sciences Campus
2464 Charlotte St
Kansas City, MO 64108

816-235-1000
 
 
 
 
 
HELPFUL LINKS
University Leadership
Schools and Departments
Student Accessibility Services
Athletics
UMKC News
Location and Maps
Campus Calendar
A-Z Index
Jobs
Global Directory
Libraries
Help Central
Consumer Information
Accreditation
Webmail
Pathway
link opens in a new tab
Canvas
link opens in a new tab
UMKC Connect
link opens in a new tab
© 2025 Curators of the University of Missouri Accessibility Resources Privacy Policy DMCA Policy
link opens in a new tab
 Issues with this website Editor Access

UMKC is an equal opportunity employer.

We use cookies to provide and improve our services. By using our site, you consent to cookies.

ACCEPT Privacy Policy