Home Skip to main content Member Employer Provider Partner Broker Select language English Español 中文 Sign in Menu Home Member Employer Provider Partner Broker Find a provider Form center Contact us Select language English Español 中文 Home Find a provider Form center Sign in Happy Holidays! As a reminder, our offices will be closed on December 25 and January 1. Happy Holidays! As a reminder, our offices will be closed on December 25 and January 1. Happy Holidays! As a reminder, our offices will be closed on December 25 and January 1. Welcome to health care reimagined UMR makes it easier for you to take charge of your health with simple, personalized health care plans that give you the freedom to focus on what matters most - living life to the fullest. Sign in to your account I am a... Member Employer Provider Partner Broker Sign In I am... to your account Need to register? Create your account By signing into your account, you can: Find health care providers Check health care account balances View claims Update your profile Sign in Need to register? Create HealthSafe ID By signing into your account, you can: Find health care providers Check health care account balances View claims Update your profile Sign in Need to register? Create One Healthcare ID By signing into your account, you can: Find health care providers Check health care account balances View claims Update your profile Sign in Need to register? Create One Healthcare ID By signing into your account, you can: Find health care providers Check health care account balances View claims Update your profile Sign in Need to register? Create One Healthcare ID By signing into your account, you can: Find health care providers Check health care account balances View claims Update your profile Sign in Need to register? Create One Healthcare ID By signing into your account, you can: Find health care providers Check health care account balances View claims Update your profile New to UMR? Let's get started Registering with UMR is quick and easy. By signing in, you can manage your benefits and get the care you need, when you need it. Plus, you'll have access to our online tools and resources that'll help you get the most out of your health care. Additionally, watch a video to see how UMR is refreshing the look of our website. Find a provider Member center Form center Website update Your trusted source for health information Get the right answers to your health questions with our Health education library . Access articles, care guides, and interactive tools designed to keep you informed. Visit the health education library Highlights and resources Explore member resources and get more information about what's available to you under your health care plan. Find more ways to use your benefits, take charge of your health and get more out of your benefits. Glossary UMR app Form center Health education library Health Topics Start the year with smarter fitness tools Discover wearables that make it easier to stay active, set
goals and keep up with your wellness routine. Read article Explore Healthy You Download and read the latest issue of Healthy You , UMR's digital magazine. Discover helpful articles, tools and resources you can use on your journey to wellness. Available to view on your tablet or mobile device. Read Healthy You View or download PDF To top Continuity of care Privacy policy Terms of use Texting terms of use Conflict of interest Editorial policy Accessibility Surprise billing Report fraud Contact us Careers Out-of-network payment information © 2025 United HealthCare Services, Inc. Continuity of care Privacy policy Terms of use Texting terms of use Conflict of interest Editorial policy Accessibility Surprise billing Report fraud Contact us Careers Out-of-network payment information © 2025 United HealthCare Services, Inc.