University of Missouri–St. Louis | UMSL Skip to main content University of Missouri–St. Louis Apply Request Info Give FIND YOUR MORE The University of Missouri–St. Louis is where ambition meets opportunity. Here, you can achieve more—academically, professionally, and personally. At UMSL, more is what moves us. Ready to discover what moves you? Apply Now Visit UMSL Play Pause FIND YOUR MORE The University of Missouri–St. Louis is where ambition meets opportunity. Here, you can achieve more—academically, professionally, and personally. At UMSL, more is what moves us. Ready to discover what moves you? Apply Now Visit UMSL READY TO BECOME A TRITON? Join over 110,000 UMSL alumni and take the next step toward your future. Select your student type below to get started. First-Year Student International Transfer Graduate Discover your path Find Your Degree Program When it comes to your education, we know that one size doesn't fit all. That’s why UMSL offers a traditional campus experience designed for all types of students. With exceptional academic programs at the undergraduate, graduate, doctoral, and professional levels, we provide the flexibility to meet your unique needs. View all Majors And Degrees MORE TO EXPLORE Student Life Rock climbing, hiking, Greek Life, esports, and more—UMSL offers endless ways to get involved. Whether you're working out, joining a club or exploring new passions, exciting opportunities await. Life as a Triton UMSL Athletics Where athletic excellence and school spirit thrive - proud home of the Tritons! Triton Athletics Alumni Forge lifelong connections, stay engaged, give back and inspire the next generation of Tritons. Get Involved tuition, cost & aid FINANCING YOUR EDUCATION UMSL is committed to providing a high-quality, top-ranked and affordable education. More than 80% of students receive financial aid. Explore financial aid options available to support your higher education. Cost, Aid and Value Driving discovery RESEARCH AND INNOVATION As a premier public research university, UMSL tackles critical issues like health disparities and climate change. Committed to community engagement, UMSL drives innovation, strengthens the St. Louis region, and delivers impactful solutions that transform lives. Explore Our Research UMSL NEWS Dec 25, 2025 Year in review: UMSL continues building for a stronger future Look back at some of UMSL Daily's top stories from the past year, including the launch of the UMSL School of Engineering and the naming of the Ed G. Smith College of Business, along with continuing campus transformation. Read the Story UMSL’s newest graduates celebrate their degrees at commencement Eye on UMSL: Honored guests Worth the wait: Sarah Wirthlin earns degree in music education more than two decades after finishing high school UMSL Tritons weekly rewind UPCOMING EVENTS View Full Calendars TRANSFORM UMSL The University of Missouri–St. Louis is setting course toward a renewed and reimagined future that will serve our university, region and far beyond for decades to come. Join us as we Transform UMSL. Strategic Initiatives READY TO BECOME A TRITON? First-Year Student International Transfer Graduate University of Missouri-St. Louis 1 University Blvd.
        							        							        							    St. Louis, MO 63121-4400 Office Number: (314) 516-5000 Admissions Toll-Free: (888) GO-2-UMSL © The Curators of the University of Missouri | Accessibility | DMCA Policy | Privacy Policy | Careers at UMSL UMSL is an equal opportunity employer. For more information, visit our UMSL Statement of Nondiscrimination. University of Missouri–St. Louis Apply Request Info Give Admissions Visit UMSL Admissions Financial Aid Residential Life New Student Programs Advanced Credit Program Academics Majors and Degrees Research Colleges and Schools Libraries Course Schedule Online Programs Campus Life Student Involvement Veterans Center Career Services Health, Counseling, Disability Access Student Organizations UMSL Bookstore Community Advanced Workforce Center Bridge Centers and Institutes Community Engagement Event Services Touhill Performing Arts Center About UMSL About the University Chancellor Campus Safety UMSL Daily Transform UMSL Jobs at UMSL Athletics Triton Athletics Full Athletics Schedule Tickets Athletic Facility Directions Louie's Locker Current Students Faculty and Staff Campus Calendar Directories A to Z Alumni Maps Our website uses cookies. By continuing we assume your permission to deploy cookies, as detailed in our Privacy Policy Accept