University of Missouri System Skip to main content Live now: Board of Curators meeting Columbia Kansas City Rolla St. Louis About Who We Are Facts and Figures Statewide Reach History Strategic Planning Curators Overview Meeting information Members Officers Committees President About the Office About the President Programs Departments Academic Affairs Engagement and Outreach Equity and Title IX Ethics, Compliance, and Audit Services Finance General Counsel Government Relations Human Resources Information Technology Research and Economic Development Strategic Communication UM Academic Technology University Data, Analytics, and Institutional Research News Highlights Features Releases Quick Links Bids Collected Rules and Regulations Employee Benefits myHR NextGen Precision Health Policy Manuals Reporting Concerns Web Apps Webmail Full A-Z Index UM System This video element requires HTML 5 to play. Meet us at the intersection of excellence through innovation We are the University of Missouri System UNIVERSITIES The University of Missouri System supports more than 70,000 students across four universities, serves all 114 counties and generates billions of dollars of economic impact for the state of Missouri. Learn more about our statewide reach University of Missouri-Columbia University of Missouri-Kansas City Missouri University of Science and Technology University of Missouri- St. Louis OUR VISION Advancing the opportunities for success and well-being for Missouri, our nation and the world through transformative teaching, research, innovation, and engagement. Fulfilling our vision through investments in... Student Success Research and Creative Works Engagement and Outreach FEATURED STORIES All Things Missouri Your gateway for interactive mapping, reports, and insights into issues facing Missourians. President Updates LATEST UPDATES Public Meeting Notice: University of Missouri Board of Curators - Mizzou Intercollegiate Athletics Special Committee Meeting Dec 16, 2025 Public Meeting Notice: University of Missouri Board of Curators Nov 25, 2025 Graves re-elected chair of UM Board of Curators; Blitz named vice chair Nov 20, 2025 Public Meeting Notice: University of Missouri Board of Curators Nov 18, 2025 Public Meeting Notice: University of Missouri Board of Curators - Health Affairs Committee Nov 10, 2025 Highest faculty honor awarded to 21 professors across the UM System Sep 16, 2025 MOVEit Data Breach Update EMPLOYEES Resources Collected Rules and Regulations Employee Benefits myHR Pay Information Policy Manuals Web Apps Webmail The University of Missouri System is one of the largest employers in the state of Missouri, with more than 5,000 faculty and 15,000 staff. Approximately $1.5B of employee salary and retirement income returns to the state. Interested in joining the team? Learn about who we are - OR - Find a position About Curators President Departments Who We Are Facts and Figures Statewide Reach History Strategic Planning Overview Meeting information Members Officers Committees About the Office About the President Programs Academic Affairs Engagement and Outreach Equity and Title IX Finance General Counsel Government Relations Human Resources Information Technology Research and Economic Development Strategic Communication Transformation Management Looking for something else? Search the full UM System site or Browse the A-Z Index UM System Copyright © 2003-2025. The Curators of the University of Missouri. All rights reserved. Copyright | Accessibility | Equal Opportunity | Careers and Employment | Emergency Notification | Contact Us University of Missouri System About Curators President Departments News A-Z Index RSS Twitter Facebook Youtube Flickr Linkedin Slideshare