___
Skip to main content
About
Alumni
Athletics
MyUM
Give
Apply
Visit
Request Info
Home Page
Academics
Admission and Aid
Student Life
Research
Search Site
Submit Search
From Marine to Marshall Scholar
UM Student Charts New Path
The Montana Way

At the University of Montana, we don’t just educate for success — we educate for personal meaning and collective significance. The Montana Way helps our students live boldly, learn deeply and lead with purpose. 

Explore this curated content to discover UM's latest research advancements, student work, campus events, employee news and more.

Explore Academics at UM

UM offers a vast array of courses, degrees, minors and majors to help you fulfill your academic and professional goals.

Learn more about UM's academic options.
Applying is Easier Than You Think
Start your application today.
68.9%
MONTANA RESIDENTS

The majority of UM students are from in-state 

29
RHODES SCHOLARS

Including Class of 2024 graduate Kolter Stevenson

R1 - Research
DESIGNATION

UM is a top-tier "Very High Research Activity" University

32.7%
FIRST-GENERATION COLLEGE STUDENTS

A third of UM undergraduates are the first in their families to attend college

News
More UM News
UM Program Launches Statewide Telescope Library Program With NASA Support
From Navy to Numbers: How UM Helped Katie Martin Find Her New Mission
UM Opens New Research Lab to Study Effects of Hearing Loss and Aging
From Farm Kid to Marine Sniper to Marshall Scholar: UM Student Charts New Path
UM Announces Fall 2025 Candidates for Graduation
UM to Celebrate Fall Graduates at Dec. 12 Commencement Ceremony
Events
TUESDAY, JANUARY 6
“Cuba: from the Republic to Communism” Zoom Lecture with MMAC Director Rafael Chacón
Jan 6, 2026 9:30 am - 11:00 am
Show Details
View on GrizHub
Details

Join this exciting 4-part, on-line class with Montana Museum of Art and Culture director Dr. Rafael Chacón who will discuss: 

“Cuba: from Colony to Independence” (Wed. Dec. 17) 

“Cuba: from the Republic to Communism” (Mon. Jan. 5) 

“La Estrella Solitaria: Cuba’s Influential Flag ” (Mon. Jan. 12) 

“Cachita y Regla: Cuba’s Afro-Cuban Heritage” (Mon. Jan. 19) 

  

Lectures held from 5:30-7 PM, Mountain Standard Time.  

  

$30 apiece (or $100 for all four; free for participants in the MMAC trip to Cuba in January 2026). Purchase tickets here or contact Tracy Hall at tracy.hall@mso.umt.edu. 

Location
Online

More events hosted by Montana Museum of Art and Culture

FRIDAY, JANUARY 9
AI Symposium: Featured Presentations (1-1:25 pm)
Jan 9, 2026 5:00 am - 5:25 am
Show Details
View on GrizHub
Details

More information coming soon!

Location
University Center - Third Floor

More events hosted by AI at UM

AI Symposium: Session A (1:30-2:15 pm)
Jan 9, 2026 5:30 am - 6:15 am
Show Details
View on GrizHub
Details

More information coming soon! 

Location
University Center - Third Floor

More events hosted by AI at UM

SATURDAY, JANUARY 10
Alternative Break 2026
Jan 10, 2026 4:00 am - 5:00 am
Show Details
View on GrizHub
Details

Alternative Breaks take you out of the classroom to learn from communities, immersing you in engaging, hands-on explorations of social and environmental issues through meaningful service projects and dialogue with local leaders. As part of a team of 8 – 12 passionate students, you’ll take part in impactful volunteer projects and reflect on how your experience expands your understanding of the world and your role within it. Every trip also includes time to explore the region’s history, culture, and environment through team-planned recreation and sightseeing activities.

 

This spring, we're heading to work on:

-Youth Empowerment in Seattle, Washington

-Environment Restoration in Point Reyes, California

-Disaster Recovery in Asheville, North Carolina

 

Wherever you go, you’ll return with new friendships, fresh perspectives, and inspiration to create positive change in your own community.

 

Interested? Fill out our Alternative Breaks Interest Form to stay in the loop about all things Alt Breaks 2026!

Applications open January 9th. 

Location
Online

More events hosted by Experiential Learning and Career Success

TUESDAY, JANUARY 13
“La Estrella Solitaria: Cuba’s Influential Flag ” Zoom Lecture with MMAC Director Rafael Chacón
Jan 13, 2026 9:30 am - 11:00 am
Show Details
View on GrizHub
Details

Join the Montana Museum of Art and Culture for the first in our 4 part online-class series, “Discovering Cuba’s History and Culture." 

“Cuba: from Colony to Independence” (Wed. Dec. 17) 

“Cuba: from the Republic to Communism” (Mon. Jan. 5) 

“La Estrella Solitaria: Cuba’s Influential Flag ” (Mon. Jan. 12) 

“Cachita y Regla: Cuba’s Afro-Cuban Heritage” (Mon. Jan. 19) 

Lectures held from 5:30-7 PM, Mountain Standard Time.  

 

$30 apiece (or $100 for all four; free for participants in the MMAC trip to Cuba in January 2026). Purchase tickets here or contact Tracy Hall at tracy.hall@mso.umt.edu. 

Location
Online

More events hosted by Montana Museum of Art and Culture

Show More Events
32 Campus Drive
Missoula, MT 59812
(406) 243-0211
Contact Us
Accessibility
Campus Map
Directory
Employment
Explore Enrollment
Parking
Safety and Support
facebook
X/Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn

© 2025 University of Montana

Privacy Policy