Free Unlimited Web Hosting with PHP, MySQL, FTP - ProFreeHost Forum Support Features Create
						Account Login Professional Free Hosting Free Web Hosting with Unlimited bandwidth. 5GB Diskspace Unlimited Bandwidth MySQL Databases Easy Control Panel Website Builder 100% Free No Hidden Costs Free Subdomains 99.9% Uptime No Forced Ads $0.00 for life We will never ask you to pay for using our hosting services. Getting a stable website has never been cheaper. Ready to launch your super fast web? Register Now Powerful Servers We spread load of hosting across multiple servers using unique cluster technology. Combination of multiple servers provides upto 99.9% uptime. This means that even in case one of our server was to go down, your website will continue to work properly through the working server. Reliable Features We provide you all the necessary features to develop, manage and extend your websites. Every hosting account is powered with PHP versions upto 8.2, MySQL 5.7, .htaccess, Softaculous script installer. With all these features enabled, you can host almost all websites with us. Why ProFreeHost! Easy to Use Control Panel Access all features to manage your website(s) from a custom, easy-to-use, user friendly cPanel. Manage websites from a single client area. One Click Installer Install any of over 300 famous scripts including Wordpress, Drupal, Joomla with the most powerful Auto script installer softaculous. Support Get help from other members on Forum or send us ticket from your account's control panel if you are having problem with your account. Branded Emails You can create email addresses with your domain that reflect your personality or business. Send and receive emails with styel! No Forced Ads We have always been consistent with our policy of No Forced Ads on client's website. It destroys the whole meaning of having a personal website after all. Instant Setup You don't need to provide credit card details or go through lengthy process. Just fill the simple details on register page and you are set to go. Get Started More Features Sign In Popular Scripts at 1 Click ProFreeHost is a web hosting service which is aimed at providing free servers
				and tools to it's members for both personal and commercial use. About PFH Terms of
						Service Privacy Policy Support Forum Support © 2025 ProFreeHost . All rights
				reserved. Powered by iFastNet.com