The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Close Alert Message Alert Carolina! Normal The University is currently operating under normal conditions Last updated at 4:49pm Tuesday, December 9th, 2025 Skip to Main Content Top Level Navigation Stories Discover Discover About the University Display Sub Menu for About the University About the University Branding and Identity Guidelines Opens in new site By the numbers For the Media Opens in new site Leadership Mission & Values UNC System Opens in new site Academics Accessibility Admissions and Aid Alumni Arts and Culture Athletics Calendar Global Opens in new site History and Traditions Innovation and Economic Development Libraries Life at Carolina Research Schools Display Sub Menu for Schools Schools College of Arts and Sciences Adams School of Dentistry Civic Life and Leadership Opens in new site Data Science and Society Education Eshelman School of Pharmacy Gillings School of Global Public Health School of Government The Graduate School Hussman School of Journalism and Media Information & Library Science Law Kenan-Flagler Business School Medicine Nursing Social Work Summer School Social Media UNC Health Opens in new site University Development Opens in new site Visit Working at Carolina Opens in new site Search The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Hide Main Navigation Menu Featured CARE spells a simple plan for self-care Air Force psychologist takes service to a new scale Search People Opens in new window Places Opens in new window Search UNC.edu Looking back at 2025 Tar Heels made research breakthroughs, earned accolades, welcomed the largest incoming class ever and won national championships. View the year’s top moments and stories Visit Support Apply Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Pinterest Home 232 years of public service UNC-Chapel Hill is at the heart of what’s next, preparing talented students from different perspectives and life experiences to become creators, explorers, entrepreneurs and leaders. Tar Heels develop a voice for critical thought and the courage to guide change. Carolina’s nationally recognized teaching, groundbreaking research and dedication to public service continue a legacy that began when the University was chartered in 1789 and opened to students four years later. 1st and only public university in the United States to award degrees in the 18th century. No. 1 best value among public schools in U.S. News & World Report's 2026 Best Colleges rankings. No. 9 among U.S. research institutions and top in NC for research activity ( National Science Foundation ) 63 national championships won by the Tar Heels First. And For All. Carolina is a living commitment to lead through discovery, partnership and opportunity, because what happens here shapes what's next in the state and beyond. Meet a Tar Heel This cookie-making Tar Heel couple leaves no crumbs Kirk Francis ’08 and Juliann Francis ’10 created the Captain Cookie and the Milkman company in 2012. Graduate with ‘orphan diseases’ transformed by quantitative genomics With help from family and friends and University accommodations, Daniel Meng-Saccoccio is ready for Winter Commencement. Computer science researcher codes compassionate AI Snigdha Chaturvedi develops artificial intelligence with qualities needed to understand the nuances of human language. Explore Carolina See what Tar Heels are up to on campus and beyond. Congratulations, winter 2025 graduates! UNC-Chapel Hill celebrated 1,444 graduates at 2025 Winter Commencement on Dec. 14 at the Dean E. Smith Center as they joined the ranks of more than 371,000 living Tar Heel alumni. Supporting our military heroes at Carolina As we celebrate National Veterans and Military Families Month this November, explore how Carolina supports those who serve our nation through our teaching, research and service. Our research is North Carolina UNC-Chapel Hill’s world-class research enterprise fuels North Carolina’s economy, supporting businesses, meeting community needs and caring for our citizens. See what Tar Heels are up to on campus and beyond. The Well News from Carolina Air Force psychologist takes service to a new scale Maj. Chase Aycock is graduating from Carolina with a master’s degree that will broaden his impact. Carolina delivers first in-state admissions decisions a month sooner The University received a record 14,931 early action applications from North Carolina residents for fall 2026 enrollment, admitting students from all 100 counties. Happy holidays from Carolina and Chancellor Roberts Jingping Nie’s 2025 was a marathon Carolina’s deans reflect on 2025 Leaders across campus shared accomplishments from the past year and looked forward to 2026. Paul Barton carries on a Carolina legacy Class of 2025 celebrates at Winter Commencement Read Carolina news at The Well In pictures A legacy continues Over 1,400 Tar Heels received their degrees Dec. 14 at the Dean E. Smith Center during the University’s Winter Commencement.

See scenes from a day marking these students joining the legacy of Tar Heels, as friends and family cheered their accomplishments. (Photos by Jon Gardiner, University Communications) Hide In pictures Carousel Display Previous Slide of In pictures Carousel Display Next Slide of In pictures Carousel Open Gallery Must-see UNC Check more photos and videos of the Tar Heel experience Capturing Carolina 📸 View the Capturing Carolina phtography series to see what makes UNC-Chapel Hill special. Cute study break Students took a break from studying for finals at the Health Sciences Library and visited with a pair of adorable baby lambs from Old Mill Farm in Durham.  University Libraries brought the cute two-weeks-old visitors to campus as part of Week of Balance, which provides support for students as the semester closes. Bringing holiday cheer to a gloomy day The Jingle Bell Jog, an annual tradition for UNC-Chapel Hill faculty and staff, returned Dec. 5, with Tar Heels becoming Santas, elves and reindeer. Check more photos and videos of the Tar Heel experience 06 Jan Carolina Science Cafe: Are We Alone? Thoughts on the Fermi Paradox Haw River Tap & Table Tue, January 6 06:00 pm Carolina Science Cafe: Are We Alone? Thoughts on the Fermi Paradox 07 Jan Preventing Employee Burnout Wed, January 7 12:00 pm Preventing Employee Burnout 11 Jan Music of Bartók | WSN 25-26 Hill Hall Sun, January 11 03:00 pm Music of Bartók | WSN 25-26 28 Jan Intention-Setting to Transform Your Life Wed, January 28 12:00 pm Intention-Setting to Transform Your Life View the University Calendar Accessibility Alert Carolina Alumni ConnectCarolina Campus Map Contact Us Careers Departments A – Z University Policy For the Media Libraries People Directory Privacy Statement UNC Student Stores The Well Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Pinterest © 2025 The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Share This Facebook LinkedIn Share on Mastodon Enter your Mastodon instance URL (optional) Share