The University of Northern Colorado Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Open the search panel Go Reveal the site navigation Students Faculty and Staff Resources Alumni Parents & Community Estudiantes y Familias Athletics Directory Offices, Departments & Center Faculty & Staff Events News Purchase Tickets Give Academics Explore Academics All Programs Undergraduate Graduate Honors Program Online & Hybrid Study Abroad Colleges Graduate School Career Readiness University Libraries Academic Catalog Admissions & Aid Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Osteopathic Medicine Admissions Transfer Admissions International Admissions Visit & Tour Request Information Admitted Students Tuition & Fees Affordability & Financial Aid Applying for Aid Scholarships Campus Life Belonging & Community Our Campus Housing Dining Services Clubs, Organizations & Activities Campus Recreation Center Arts & Culture Health & Well-Being Campus Safety Research & Impact Undergraduate Research & Creative Endeavors Graduate Research Faculty Research Centers & Institutes About Mission & Values University Leadership Accreditation Campus Map Stop Video Homepage Find your TRUE NORTH Why UNC? We welcome everyone Our campus is more than a place. We have welcoming, supportive community that's home to 36% students of color and students from all 50 states and 46 countries. #2 We keep a college education affordable and accessible We have the second lowest average loan debt at graduation among all Colorado public research universities. So the money you start earning after graduation is yours. 44% We help First Gen students thrive At UNC, 44% of our students are first in their families to attend college. We know how to support First Generation students, having earned state and national recognition in 2024. Find Your Thing Whether you recently graduated from high school or want to accelerate your career, you'll discover the academic programs and industry connections to prepare you for wherever life takes you. All Programs Explore our Programs Follow your passion and find your purpose with 200+ undergraduate and graduate academic programs that prepare you to do meaningful work and make a difference in the world. Undergraduate Graduate Online & Hybrid Pre-Professional Programs High School College of Osteopathic Medicine Opens Fall 2026 Built on a legacy of students first, our new college embraces community and the healing power of human connection. Medicine is personal—and at UNC so is your medical education. We train doctors who reflect the communities they serve—and graduate mission-ready. Explore a journey in Osteopathic Medicine Research Excellence A public research university, UNC is home to a community of scholars and researchers dedicated to enhancing education and making a significant impact on communities here in Colorado and around the world. We are improving cancer care, shaping K-12 education, influencing business practices, pushing creative boundaries in the arts and addressing critical social issues. Research Focus The Age of AI Faculty Impact "AI is the latest disruptor. And I think it’s important to explain it well to students. There’s an expression in Silicon Valley – ‘move fast and break things.’ This refers to disruptive technologies finding success by being disruptive." Exploring the age of AI Research Focus Fighting Oppression with Art Student Impact “I got engaged last year. Through the process of learning about common wedding traditions, I started recognizing how the many traditions society celebrates are rooted in oppression. They are designed to control women.” Using art to fight oppression Research Focus Leveling the Playing Field for Disabled Athletes Our Impact "The root of my research is anyone can be an athlete. At age 22 and in college, you might be able. But when you're age 72 and you've lived a full life, your ability won't look the same. Improved accessibility could make the lives of everyone in our society better, not just people with disabilities.” Read more about adaptive sports Research Focus Investigating Burnout Our Impact "As a caregiver, you end up taking it on. And so I value the importance of teachers taking care of themselves and feeling like the care is vital versus something they should do on their own," said Leslie Hillen, a veteran K-12 teacher and administrator whose research focuses on using yoga to promote wellness in educators. Read how yoga reduces teacher burnout Go to the previous slide. Go to the next slide. UNC Value Alumni "“My brother actually picked UNC first. He talked about how he really loved it here, and that it was a little more down to earth,. The students were genuinely nice and seemed to be happy here, and I loved the Psychology program.” Victoria Rule, '25 Psychology and Sociology Clinical counselor in rural Colorado Play Video Learn how Victoria managed college life and MS Go to the previous slide. Go to the next slide. Experience Campus Life At UNC, you can expect so much more than a degree. You can expect a welcoming campus culture, hundreds of student organizations, research opportunities, faculty who know you by name, a sense of belonging and so much to do–all in our vibrant and thriving college town of Greeley that we are proud to call home. Clubs, Organizations & Activities Arts & Culture Sports & Recreation News & Stories UNC Magazine | Blue & Gold ‘In It for the Long Haul’ – Alumna and District 6 Educator Wins Presidential Teaching Award Read Full Story Article | University News Board Closes Year with Budget, Enrollment and COM Pre-Accreditation Article | University News Colorado’s Third Medical College is Accepting Student Applications Article | University News Top Stories of 2025: Preserving the Past and Shaping the Future See More News Discover Events Spring 2026 Job, Internship, and Graduate School Fair February 12, 2026 @ 10:00 am - 4:00 pm University Center Ballrooms The Genteel Revolutionary by Ellamaria Foley-Ray February 12, 2026 @ 4:30 pm - 6:30 pm Lydia and Robert Ruyle Gallery Junk February 12, 2026 @ 7:30 pm - 9:30 pm Norton Theatre All Events Students Take the Next Step Learn more about the University of Northern Colorado or start your application today. Apply Visit & Tour Request Info Alumni & Giving Support UNC We know graduates of the University of Northern Colorado, do great things! Support the next generation of Bears! Give 970-351-1890 501 20th St. Greeley, CO 80639 Academics Admissions & Aid Campus Life Research & Impact About Information For Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Parents & Community Estudiantes y Familias Logins Canvas Ursa Intranet Helpful Resources University Libraries uncbears Bookstore Extended Campus BearConnect Careers at UNC Student Consumer Information Copyright ©2025 by University of Northern Colorado Policies & Regulations Privacy Policy Title IX Annual Safety Report Accessibility Social Media Links Instagram Facebook Twitter Youtube Linkedin Privacy Policy Statement. Our Privacy Policy was recently updated. Dismiss Click to dismiss Review Privacy Policy