University of North Carolina Wilmington | UNCW Skip to header Skip to Content Skip to Footer myUNCW Info For Alumni Visitors & Community Parents & Family Military & Veterans International Donors Job Seekers Search search close About About UNCW Get to Know Us Leadership University Administration Strategic Plan Institutional Data & Assessment Freedom Of Expression Policies Get to Know UNCW A Top Doctoral & Research Institution From humble beginnings in 1947 as Wilmington College, UNCW has evolved into a top doctoral and research institution with nearly 19,000 students and about 2,500 employees. Learn More News Events Give Academics Program Finder Colleges Graduate School Advising Beyond the Classroom Academic Calendar Academic Catalogues Library Academic Excellence Pursue Your Path to Excellence Here at the state’s coastal university, you’ll enjoy a powerful academic experience that stimulates creative inquiry, critical thinking and thoughtful expression in a beautiful setting. Learn More Apply Visit Give Admissions Undergraduate Graduate International Financial Aid Orientation Find Your Program Explore Our Program Finder! Find an outstanding program to fit your strengths and prepare you to excel in our changing world. Program Finder Apply Visit Connect Seahawk Life Arts Connections & Belonging Health & Wellness Money Matters Support & Success Campus Services Get Involved Outreach & Engagement Experience Seahawk Life On Campus and in Our Community Discover entertainment, involvement and engagement opportunities as a current Seahawk, alumnus, or community member. Plus, we offer a range of support and services. Explore all UNCW has to offer! Explore Seahawk Life Housing Living Off-Campus Dining Research Research & Innovation Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Major Research Programs Innovation & Commercialization Support for Researchers Library Knowledge, Innovation, Discovery Teaching & Research Are Entwined at UNCW Delve deep into your interests through applied learning, where undergraduate and graduate students partner with faculty on high-quality research projects. Learn More Apply Visit Give Athletics Seahawks Soar Together SEAHAWKS IN ACTION Enjoy a powerful academic experience that stimulates creative inquiry, critical thinking and thoughtful expression. Apply Now The Coast Is Calling The latest UNCW Magazine explores the university's coastal identity through people, programs, places and partnerships. Discover More Congratulations Class of 2025! Explore the special fall commencement webpage for inspiring student profiles, alumni resources and photo galleries that capture unforgettable moments from our graduates' big day! Join the celebration! CIE and OIC Drive Change Through Innovation and Collaboration UNCW’s Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship and Office of Innovation and Commercialization are transforming ideas into impact through innovation, commercialization and strategic partnerships. Explore Innovation Research Starts Here: UNCW Engineering's Undergraduate Edge UNCW’s undergraduate engineering students are actively engaged in high-impact, faculty-mentored research across coastal, intelligent system and software engineering, gaining hands-on experience that shapes their academic and career trajectories. Learn More Researcher Leads Effort to Eliminate Malaria in Uganda Associate Professor Michelle Cathorall’s Malaria Mastery Prevention Program empowers Ugandan communities through education, rapid testing, and student-driven research to break the cycle of infection and build sustainable public health solutions. Learn More Kenan Auditorium Presents 2025-26 Season Kenan Auditorium’s new season dazzles with world-class talent, festive flair, and local artistry. Grab your tickets today! Learn More UNCW Drives $3.2 Billion Economic Growth in NC UNC Wilmington's economic impact study reveals a $3.2 billion contribution to the state's economy, highlighting the university's pivotal role in driving regional growth and prosperity. Key findings include significant job support, alumni income contributions, and a robust influence on the eight-county Cape Fear Region. Learn More 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 109 Among Public National Universities, U.S. News & World Report 8 Years Featured in the Fiske Guide to Colleges 12th Nationally, Best Online Bachelor's Programs, U.S. News & World Report NEWS EVENTS UNC-‘Sea’-W: Advancing Turtle Conservation, Education and Outreach UNCW graduate researchers Caroline VanDuzer and Jamie Clark are exploring sea turtle biology to gain insights into how rising temperatures affect ocean ecology. Read more s Rowers Reunite: Alumni, Student Clubs Connect Global Ties Strengthen at X-Culture Symposium Cyber-PARK Project Selected for NCInnovation Funding UNCW Police Earns Second CALEA Accreditation VIEW ALL Kenan Auditorium Presents 2025-26 Season A season filled with unforgettable artistry. Read more Winter Break Wednesday, December 24 VIEW ALL Chancellor’s Corner Congratulations to the more than 2,500 graduates of the Class of 2025 who were honored during December’s commencement ceremonies. For those returning to UNCW in the new year, I am eager to see the work we can do together to advance education, research and service. Read the Chancellor’s message Explore Our Campus. Take the UNCW Virtual Tour Plus Icon Plus Icon Plus Icon SEAHAWK STORIES As a Seahawk, your flight is your own. We each launch from communities that have shaped us, and we build new communities as we go—some right here on the UNCW campus. Hear from the fierce and generous individuals who are making our community stronger, more diverse, more unique. Meet more Seahawks Venita Jenkins ’25M For Venita Jenkins ’25M, stories have always been more than words on a page; they’re bridges connecting people, cultures and history. Venita Jenkins' Story Arden Ganse ’26 Arden Ganse ’26 didn't think she'd follow her brother to become a Seahawk, but her growing interest in coastal sciences made UNCW a perfect match. Arden Ganse’s Story Zandra Pinnix '95 Zandra Harris Pinnix ’95 has built a life and career rooted in faith, science and service, using her own journey to expand opportunity and empower the next generation of students in STEM. Zandra Pinnix's Story prev Next Taking Flight More than 110,000 alumni are making waves, providing global solutions and making a difference in our communities. Explore How Alumni SOAR OUR COMMITMENT TO Educational Excellence Outreach & Engagement Global Connections Our Alumni & Friends Educational Excellence UNCW stands out among the best universities in the UNC System, ranking near the Top 100 Public Universities in the nation, according to U.S. News & World Report. The UNCW experience integrates teaching and mentoring with research and service, preparing students to soar after graduation. Top 20 Nationally See where we rank Outreach & Engagement Whether it's teaching a child to read, pounding nails to build a new house or planting vegetables at a community farm, find a multitude of opportunities to connect to our community and support a thriving future for southeastern North Carolina, our surrounding region, the nation and the world. Opportunities Await Connections & Belonging Global Connections International education is integral to global citizenship. At UNCW we offer education abroad programs for undergraduate and graduate students, nurture faculty and staff international professional development, host international students studying at UNCW and support on-campus extracurricular international programming. Go Global Get Connected Alumni & Friends You’ve earned your degree, spread your wings, taken flight and are soaring. And we all know that once a Seahawk, always a Seahawk! No matter where you are or what you’re doing, we’re here to connect and involve you – our alumni, students and friends – in the promotion and advancement of this great university. Connect Get Involved Supporting Global Ocean Education I AM WATER I AM WATER and UNCW researchers are empowering youth to protect the ocean through hands-on conservation and immersive marine education. Learn More Research Hubs Dive Deep Focus on Maritime Cybersecurity and Brain Health The UNCW’s Research Hubs program supports interdisciplinary research collaborations with $100,000 annually for up to three years, focusing on maritime cybersecurity and brain health. The Maritime Cybersecurity Applied Research, Technology and Education Center (MCARTEC) aims to enhance the cyber resilience of the maritime transportation system, while the Brain Health Resilience Hub addresses brain health issues through innovative research and collaboration. Read the Full Feature Story Creating a Living Laboratory Finding Solutions. Protecting Resources. A project aimed at mitigating floodwater issues at the Battleship North Carolina site involves monitoring the challenging marsh environment. UNCW's Coastal and Estuarine Studies Lab is tracking physical and biological changes to address significant increases in flooding at the historic site. READ THE FULL NEWS STORY Discovering New Knowledge Excavating Evidence of Early Agricultural Engineering With the use of a side-scan sonar and positioning systems, researchers are searching for archaeological evidence of the rice fields once situated along the lower Cape Fear and Brunswick rivers’ banks. Read the full story Collaborative Research Understanding Frying Pan Shoals Ecology UNCW researchers and the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management are studying Frying Pan Shoals as a possible offshore sand source. The university will receive $2 million in funding for the four-year collaborative research project. Read the Full News Story 01 02 03 04 05 1st Wilmington declared the first World War II Heritage City in the U.S. 2nd Best Places in U.S. to Live & Work 322 Miles of Pristine Shoreline in NC Apply Visit Give UNC WILMINGTON 601 S. COLLEGE ROAD WILMINGTON, NC 28403 910.962.3000 SAFETY & PUBLIC SERVICES Emergency & Safety Jobs Accessibility Compliance Privacy Clery Report Title IX INFO & CAMPUS SERVICES News Calendar Bookstore Library Alumni Directory MAPS & LOCATIONS Main Campus Map Parking Guide Center for Marine Science Map Virtual Tour Experience About this Site Copyright Notice Website Feedback Form top