UND | Grand Forks, ND | University of North Dakota Skip to main content Open Menu Close Menu University of North Dakota Open Search Close Search University of North Dakota Info For Admitted Students Current Students Families of Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Logins Email Blackboard Campus Connection Employee Self-Service Hawk Central Degree Map Zoom Directory Search Search Submit Academics Admissions Student Life Research Athletics Majors & Programs About Menu University of North Dakota Academics Admissions Student Life Research Athletics Majors & Programs About Request Info Visit Apply Search Search Submit Request Info Visit Apply Search Submit Lead by Doing Welcome to UND University of North Dakota Lead your own way in ways big and small at UND. Apply Request Info Visit Majors & Programs The University of North Dakota is the state's oldest and largest university. We offer
                           225+ accredited on-campus and online degrees. Business Analytics Become data-savvy in the growing field of data analysis. Business Analytics Elementary Education Immerse yourself in teaching and prepare for a rewarding career educating grades 1-8. Elementary Education Aerospace Engineering Study aerospace engineering at the region’s only program and launch your high-tech
                                    career. Aerospace Engineering Forensic Science Immerse yourself in the forensic science laboratory and apply science to a range of
                                    legal issues. Forensic Science Search Majors and Programs Submit Undergraduate Graduate & Professional Online & Off-Campus Choose Your Program Aerospace & Aviation Arts & Science Business Education Engineering Medicine, Nursing & Health Leaders in Action Our students embark on a journey to become leaders. Not just in what they say, but
                           what they do. Through hard work and determination, we believe in work worth doing. Harry Zou Computer Science, Data Science After completing U.S. military service, student returns to UND to focus on technology. Meet Harry Renee Temple Kinesiology Blending academics with athletics, one student finds balance through practice. Meet Renee Elisabeth Starosta Chemistry Biochemistry student combines science and humanity in her studies. Meet Elisabeth All Belong At UND We value diverse people, perspectives and ideas. We actively foster a sense of belonging
                           for all. You Are Welcome Here UND values, honors, and supports all members of our campus community. Student Support and Services Military Friendly 1 in 7 UND students are veterans, active-duty, spouses, or military dependents. Veteran & Military Services Raising Awareness The Clothesline Project and Take Back the Night Rally educate and bring awareness
                                    to interpersonal violence. Event Information LGBTQIA2S+ Join us in reimaging communities in higher education at UND’s LGBTQ+ Day-long Institute. See Event Details We are #undproud Proud to be a Fighting Hawk? Use #UNDproud to be featured. Content is moderated. UND NEWS More #UNDproud Best Value College UND consistently ranks among the best for educational quality, affordability and career
                        outcomes Estimate Cost We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. By clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us
        to set cookies, Privacy Information . I Agree to cookie policy Exit Site Back to Top Ready to Enroll? Request Information Schedule a Visit Apply Now UND.info@UND.edu 701.777.3000 Instagram Facebook LinkedIn YouTube TikTok Contact UND Campus Map Events Calendar Community & Belonging Explore Programs Employment Make a Gift Campus Safety (SafeUND) University of North Dakota © 2025 University of North Dakota - Grand Forks, ND - Member of ND University System Accessibility & Website Feedback Terms of Use & Privacy Notice of Nondiscrimination Student Disclosure Information Title IX ©