Undark Magazine | Truth, Beauty, Science. The Latest Explore Stories Read Multimedia Look The Podcast Listen Get Our Newsletter Sent Weekly Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email * Submit Δ Academia Climate Change Coronavirus Drugs & Addiction Environment & Conservation Fish & Wildlife Health & Medicine Math & Physics Natural Sciences Science Policy Social Sciences Space & Astronomy Technology & Innovation Meet Our Team Newsletters Contact Us Submit a Proposal Using Our Stories Corrections Funding Facebook Twitter Vimeo Search Close Menu About Projects Mission Latest Staff In Chad’s Prehistoric Wall Drawings, Lessons in Climate Upheaval By Matjaz Krivic Dec 31 A Major Climate Research Center in Colorado Is Slated for Closure By Marianne Lavelle , Inside Climate News Dec 30 Back from the Brink: The Whooping Crane’s Recovery on the Edge By Rene Ebersole Dec 29 Book Review: How Evolution Is Driving Us Further Into Space By Dan Falk Dec 26 War, Wellness, and Watts: Inside Oak Ridge National Lab By Alastair Philip Wiper Dec 25 Topics Topics Academia Climate Change Coronavirus Drugs & Addiction Environment & Conservation Fish & Wildlife Health & Medicine Math & Physics Natural Sciences Science Policy Social Sciences Space & Astronomy Technology & Innovation Trending Articles See the features, reviews, and essays that are currently popular with Undark’s readers. Back from the Brink: The Whooping Crane’s Recovery on the Edge 01 News & Features Trump Supporters Distrust Science. We Need New Ways to Engage. 02 Viewpoints How Much Water Do AI Data Centers Really Use? 03 Columns GPS Is Vulnerable. New Technology May Be Required. 04 News & Features A Major Climate Research Center in Colorado Is Slated for Closure 05 News & Features Viewpoints Thought-provoking arguments from scientists, academics, politicians, authors, and other Undark contributors. Help keep journalism accessible to everyone. DONATE NOW Restricting Loans for Health Care Workers Should Outrage Us All By Uzma Rentia Dec 22 01 Trump Supporters Distrust Science. We Need New Ways to Engage. By Paul M. Sutter Dec 18 02 What Anti-Vaccine Policies Could Mean for Autoimmune Diseases By Giamila Fantuzzi Dec 17 03 Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Shouldn’t Just Be a Last Resort By Michael C. Marone Dec 11 04 Science Needs to Embrace the Idea of Style By C. Brandon Ogbunu Dec 04 05 Books Reviews, excerpts, interviews, and other features from the world of books. How Evolution Is Driving Us Further Into Space By Dan Falk Dec 26 If you would like to help support our journalism, please consider making a donation. All proceeds go directly to Undark’s editorial fund. Undark is a non-profit, editorially independent magazine covering the complicated and often fractious intersection of science and society. Donate Now Harnessing the Power of Dreams and Nightmares By Emily Cataneo Dec 05 The Strangers Within Us By Lina Zeldovich Nov 28 The Urgent Quest to Prevent the Next Pandemic By Lola Butcher Nov 21 Giving the Gemini Space Program Its Full Due By Sarah Scoles Nov 14 Book Excerpt: How Coyotes Found a New Homeland in the East By Hillary Rosner Nov 07 The Mystery of Transformation in Nature By Elizabeth Svoboda Oct 24 Longform Investigations, probing narratives, and other in-depth journalism. News & Features 01 Boomtown: How Futuristic Weapons Could Power Albuquerque News & Features 02 The Cultural and Political Moment for Toxins Research News & Features 03 As Trust in Public Health Craters, Idaho Charts a New Path News & Features 04 Coercive Care: Southern Europe’s Reliance on Elder Restraints ICYMI News & Features Books Columns Essays & Analysis Interviews Viewpoints About Undark Truth, Beauty, Science. Learn More Tipsters Corruption in science? Academic discrimination? Research censorship? Government cover-ups? Undark wants to hear about it. Email us at [email protected] or visit our contact page for more secure options. Facebook Twitter Vimeo Get Our Newsletter Sent Weekly Instagram This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email * Submit Δ Usage Guidelines Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Corrections Funding Submit a Proposal We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok