UnderConsideration LLC About Blogs we Publish Events we Organize Products we Sell Favorite Things we’ve Made Projects we’ve Concluded Mailing List News Contact UnderConsideration A graphic design firm generating its own projects, initiatives, and content while taking on limited client work. Run by Bryony Gomez-Palacio and Armin Vit in Bloomington, IN. Headline news Speakers Announced for In-house In-focus In-person In 2026 News November 2021 Ideas that Matter Bryony will serve on the jury for the 2021 Ideas that Matter grants, presented by Sappi, that provide “funding to support the brilliant designs that make a difference”. June 2020 The Follow-up Introducing The Follow-up ! A bi-weekly podcast that goes in depth into projects recently reviewed on Brand New, featuring conversations with the designers — and sometimes their clients — uncovering the context, background, and design decisions behind the work. December 2019 LADFEST Armin will be speaking at LADFEST on February 29, 2020, in Lima, Peru. May 2019 Typographics Armin will be speaking at Typographics on June 14 – 15, in New York, NY. January 2019 Dieline Conference Armin will be speaking at the 2019 Dieline Conference on May 8 – 10 in Chicago, IL. Dieline Awards Armin will serve on the jury of the 2019 Dieline Awards . See all News About Contact A graphic design firm generating its own projects, initiatives, and content while taking on limited client work. Run by Bryony Gomez-Palacio and Armin Vit in Bloomington, IN. Follow @ucllc Join our Mailing List First Name Email Address Contact Post 3421 E Latimer Rd Bloomington, IN 47401 Phone (917) 755-0750 Fax (718) 228-6720 Email Colophon Headlines and wordmark Druk Condensed XX Super by Berton Hasebe for Commercial Type. Body Neue Haas Unica by Toshi Omagari for Monotype. Served via fonts.com . UCLLC logo Custom lettering by Mark Caneso . Blogs we Publish Brand New Opinions on corporate and brand identity work. …/brandnew In-house In-focus Highlighting in-house design teams. …/inhouseinfocus Products we Sell Flaunt (PDF + Print) Flaunt: Designing effective, compelling and memorable portfolios of creative work. …/flaunt Brand New Conference Videos Individual, downloadable videos of every presentation since 2010. brandnewconference/video/ This. Products that need no further description. They are that good. …/this See all Products Events we Organize Brand New Conference A two-day event on corporate and brand identity with some of today’s most active and influential practitioners from around the world. bnconf.com NEXT #BNCONF: SEPTEMBER 17 – 18, 2026 NASHVILLE, TN First Round A one-day showcase of original presentations made to clients showing initial design explorations for logo, identity, and branding projects. ../firstround NEXT #FIRSTROUND: MAY 7, 2026 NEW YORK, NY In-house In-focus In-person A two-day conference highlighting the array of experiences possible at design, communication, and brand in-house teams from around the world and their impact on their organization’s goals. ../inhouseinfocus/inperson NEXT #IHIFIP: MARCH 19 – 20, 2026 CHICAGO, IL Favorite Things we’ve Made See all Things Projects we’ve Concluded Art of the Menu (2011 – 2019) A fairly enjoyable niche blog that provided a foray into restaurant menus from around the world. …/artofthemenu Quipsologies (2005 – 2017) One of our longest-running blogs that curated curious, creative, and notable projects, stories, and events of the graphic design industry. …/quipsologies FPO (2009 – 2017) One of our original blogs that published compelling printed projects. …/fpo See all Concluded UnderConsideration About Blogs we publish Events we organize Products we sell Favorite things we’ve made Projects we’ve concluded Mailing List News Contact Follow @ucllc • • • • • • @bryonygp • • • • @arminvit • • •