Understood - For learning and thinking differences Skip to content Explore resources Differences ADHD Dyslexia Dyscalculia Language disorders Written expression disorder Popular topics Signs and symptoms School supports IEPs 504 plans Workplace supports Assistive technology Managing emotions Staying organized See all Audiences Parents Women with ADHD Educators More support Newsletters Podcasts Through My Eyes Lessons for parents Behavior Tracker Take N.O.T.E. (tool for parents) News to know ADHD Unstuck for women About us About Understood We are the leading nonprofit empowering the 70 million people with learning and thinking differences in the United States. We provide free, expert-vetted resources and support so people who learn and think differently can thrive — in school, at work, and throughout life. Our mission Our story Our team Our experts Editorial standards Contact us Annual report Knowledge hub Media center Blog Partner with us Donate Hi 👋, ask the Understood Assistant about differences like ADHD and dyslexia. With your support, everyone can feel understood Keep critical resources free and accessible for our growing community, so that all minds can thrive. Make your year-end gift today. Donate to Understood now Your path to thriving starts here Understood is the leading nonprofit empowering the 70 million people with learning and thinking differences in the United States. ADHD Dyslexia Dyscalculia Language disorders Written expression disorder See all resources Español People with learning and thinking differences are two to three times more likely to have mental health challenges like anxiety or depression. These challenges, plus the stigma surrounding them, can leave people feeling isolated or misunderstood.

With Understood, no one ever has to feel alone. Our expert-designed resources are free and easy to access, so everyone can get the support they deserve. Learn more about our mission FEATURED IN: We help 20+ million people every year Whatever help you’re looking for, you’ll find it here at Understood. And it’s all free. Credible info about dyslexia and ADHD Explore resources Lessons to build parenting skills Start building skills A vibrant community with expert advice Join the conversation Backed by experts Understood Experts are behind our articles, podcasts, and community groups. They are professionals from the fields of education, mental health, medicine, activism, and public policy. Meet our experts Rayma Griffin, MA, MEd , Education Consultant “Connecting with parents and providing information to help them navigate their children’s journey through school is so gratifying. And knowing they’re not alone is often such a comfort to families who have kids who struggle academically or socially.” Build skills and confidence The more you use Understood, the more you build confidence, feel connected to others, and are able to advocate for your child. Start here Lynn Marvin , Parent “It’s the kind of resource that I wish I had when we started on this journey with my son.” Introducing “Through My Eyes” What does a typical day look like for a child with ADHD, dyslexia, dyscalculia? Explore this immersive platform that helps you experience it first-hand. Try it now Help keep lifelong support and expert resources free and accessible for all. Donate to Understood now Donate to Understood now Shape the world with us Let’s shape a world where all ways of learning and thinking are embraced. Together, we can create inclusive programs and content to drive your mission and workforce forward. Ready to make a difference? Become a partner OUR PARTNERS: Thank you for subscribing! Discover what’s possible with Understood Email address * Please enter a valid email Subscribe Our mission Our story Our team Our experts Annual report Join our team Media center Blog Donation and giving Glossary Contact us Editorial standards Accessibility standards Privacy policy Terms of use Fundraising disclosure Follow us Facebook Instagram Tiktok Pinterest Linkedin Copyright © Understood for All, Inc. Understood is a tax-exempt 501(c)(3) charitable organization (tax identification number 83-2365235). Donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law. Understood does not provide medical or other professional advice. The health and medical related resources on this website are provided solely for informational and educational purposes and are not a substitute for a professional diagnosis or for medical or professional advice. Use of this website is subject to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Understood for All, Inc. 96 Morton Street, Floor 5 New York, New York 10014 Media inquiries: media@understood.org (preferred) or 646-757-3100 Copyright © Understood for All, Inc. Understood is a tax-exempt 501(c)(3) charitable organization (tax identification number 83-2365235). Donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law. Understood does not provide medical or other professional advice. The health and medical related resources on this website are provided solely for informational and educational purposes and are not a substitute for a professional diagnosis or for medical or professional advice. Use of this website is subject to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Understood for All, Inc. 96 Morton Street, Floor 5 New York, New York 10014 Media inquiries: media@understood.org (preferred) or 646-757-3100