Skip to content
STUDY
CAMPUS LIFE
INTERNATIONAL
RESEARCH
INFO FOR
ABOUT UNE
myUNE
Current Students
Staff
Library
Media
UNE Jobs
Give to UNE
Maps
Contact us
Study shaped around your life

Choose a university that puts you at the centre.

FIND YOUR COURSE
Filter by:
Filter by:
All
Courses
Majors & Specialisations
Units
People
PRINCIPAL DATES
HOW TO APPLY
ENTRY PATHWAYS
Explore our courses by study area
Animals and Agriculture
Business and Finance
Earth and Environment
Education and Teaching
Health
Humanities and Arts
IT and Data Science
Languages, Linguistics and International
Law and Criminology
Psychology and Mental Health
Sciences
Social Sciences
Courses by study type
Undergraduate

Start your first degree or build on what you know with new skills and knowledge. 

Learn more about Undergraduate
Postgraduate

Deepen your expertise and open new career opportunities with a postgraduate degree.

Learn more about Postgraduate
Higher Degree Research

Work alongside leading researchers and help shape global knowledge. 

Learn more about Higher Degree Research
International

Join our global community and study with us on campus or online.

Learn more about International
Five-Star Experience 19 Years in a Row

UNE is Australia’s only public university to receive five stars for Overall Experience for 19 consecutive years.

Good Universities Guide 2007-2025
Five Stars for Graduate Employment

UNE rates among the top 20% of universities for Graduate Full-time Employment.

Good Universities Guide 2025 (Undergraduate)
No.1 in Australia for International Student Learning

UNE ranked highest in the nation in the Learning Overall category of the International Student Barometer.

International Student Barometer 2025
Five Stars for Social Equity

UNE rates among the top 20% of universities nationally and is #1 in NSW for Social Equity Good Universities Guide 2025

Good Universities Guide 2025
Research at UNE

Work with leading academics, access scholarships and placements, and join a university preparing individuals, communities, and partners to meet future economic, social, and environmental challenges.

RESEARCH
Alumni and Giving

As a UNE graduate, you become part of a global alumni community that grows stronger with every graduation, offering opportunities and connections. By giving back, you help fellow students and future graduates thrive as the next generation of innovators, researchers and leaders.

ALUMNI COMMUNITY
Study your way

Uni changes lives — and it needs to fit yours. Choose on campus or online, full-time or part-time, and switch up your mode and load across trimesters as life shifts. You keep momentum and we provide the flexibility, support and resources to get you where you want to go.

Study on campus

Make campus life affordable. Regional study in Armidale means lower living costs, shorter travel and more time to focus. You learn in small cohorts, get to know your academics, and tap into clubs, sport and residential colleges — all in a welcoming, safe university town.

Learn more about Study on campus
Study Online

Online study with UNE is backed by 70+ years of distance learning expertise. Engage with weekly activities and webinars, connect easily with lecturers and take advantage of a wide variety support services. Balance work and family while progressing toward your goals, wherever you live.

Learn more about Study Online
The College Experience

Our residential colleges give you more than a place to live — they offer community, connection and support. Enjoy events, traditions and all-inclusive living from $180 per week, less than most capital city rentals.


UNE ACCOMMODATION
UNE News
Students and their futures matter, first

Key measures of student experience and graduate success have shown that students from the University of New England have the best experience and the best outcomes in the nation.

19 Dec 2025
Christmas, New Year and holiday closures
18 Dec 2025
Project 'Airbear' tech could help predict best koala habitats from the sky
17 Dec 2025
UNE Nursing Academic Honoured with Dual National Recognitions for Rural Health Innovation
15 Dec 2025
Cameron Turner joins UNE as Director of SMART Region Incubator
11 Dec 2025
UNE NEWS
Upcoming Events

Connect with ideas and people at UNE. We host lectures, panels and hands‑on sessions year‑round, on campus and online. See upcoming events below or view the full calendar to get ahead.


UNE Social Running Group
FEB 12
Choose between a 12:30pm or a 5:15pm session every Thursday
SportUNE
UNE Social Running Group
JAN 01
Choose between a 12:30pm or a 5:15pm session every Thursday
SportUNE
UNE Social Running Group
JAN 08
Choose between a 12:30pm or a 5:15pm session every Thursday
SportUNE
UNE Social Running Group
JAN 15
Choose between a 12:30pm or a 5:15pm session every Thursday
SportUNE
UNE Social Running Group
JAN 22
Choose between a 12:30pm or a 5:15pm session every Thursday
SportUNE
UNE Social Running Group
JAN 29
Choose between a 12:30pm or a 5:15pm session every Thursday
SportUNE
UNE Social Running Group
FEB 05
Choose between a 12:30pm or a 5:15pm session every Thursday
SportUNE
Slide 7
Slide 1
Slide 2
Slide 3
Slide 4
Slide 5
Slide 6
EVENTS CALENDAR
Study
Study options
How to apply
Scholarships
Fees and costs
Study online
Study on campus
Regional Study Centres
Campus Life
International
Research
Info For
About UNE
Contact us
1800 818 865
Mon-Fri: 9am - 5pm
Live Chat
Mon-Fri: 9am - 5pm

The University of New England respects and acknowledges that its people, courses and facilities are built on land, and surrounded by a sense of belonging, both ancient and contemporary, of the world's oldest living culture. In doing so, UNE values and respects Indigenous knowledge systems as a vital part of the knowledge capital of Australia. We recognise the strength, resilience and capacity of the Aboriginal community and pay our respects to the Elders past, present and future.

Feedback
Feedback, Complaints, and Reports of Conduct
Disclaimer
Right to Information (GIPA)
Privacy
Accessibility
Site map
CRICOS Provider Number 00003G TEQSA Provider Code: PRV12054 Australian University
ABN: 75 792 454 315
UNE is a member of the Regional Universities Network
© University of New England, 2025