Skip to main content
Secondary menu
Press and news
Calendar
Partnerships
Governance
Quick Links
English
Main navigation
About
Expertise
Impact
Country profiles
Resources
Search
Search
Search
Quick links:MondiacultRevive the Spirit of MosulWorld Heritage
© UNESCO
World Trends in Freedom of Expression and Media Development
UNESCO’s flagship report on global trends in freedom of expression and journalism points to a historic 10% decline in freedom of expression globally between 2012 and 2024. This trend is a consequence of the alarming rise in self-censorship by journalists and the attacks they face - both in real life and online.
Read more
UNESCO and 1 OCEAN documenting the ocean’s greatest migration

Each winter, in the cold waters where the Atlantic and Indian Oceans converge, the ocean reveals one of its most powerful expressions of life. In line with the United Nations Decade of Ocean Science for Sustainable Development (2021–2030), UNESCO and the 1 OCEAN initiative, led by photographer and documentary filmmaker Alexis Rosenfeld, document the planet’s largest animal migration—an ancient phenomenon that sustains entire marine ecosystems and underscores the urgent need to protect the ocean’s living systems.

Read more
Thumbnail
play_arrow
©Alexis Rosenfeld
Our impact in communities
Discover how UNESCO drives change around the world.
UNESCO supports efforts to save underwater heritage at Ukraine’s Khortytsia National Reserve
Kenya's Mwazindika sacred spirit dance joins List of Intangible Cultural Heritage
Advancing women’s literacy for leadership and peacebuilding in South Sudan’s security sector
A molecular biologist’s battle against antimicrobial resistance
Load more
UNESCO in brief

UNESCO is the United Nations organization that promotes cooperation in education, science, culture and communication to foster peace worldwide.

The Organization provides key services for its Member States, setting global norms and standards, developing tools for international cooperation, producing knowledge for public policies and building global networks of sites and institutions inscribed on its lists.

Discover 
Thumbnail
play_arrow
© UNESCO
Our fields of expertise

UNESCO uses education, science, culture, communication and information to foster mutual understanding and respect for our planet.

Our strategic objectives

UNESCO's strategy addresses global challenges with goals in education, the environment, social cohesion, and technology.

Delivering in times of emergencies

UNESCO supports communities affected by conflict and natural disasters, ensuring access to quality education and safeguarding cultural heritage.

Building stronger multilateralism

UNESCO stands on the frontline of international cooperation, in close coordination with sister agencies of the UN System.

UNESCO lists and designations
UNESCO sites connect the world and highlight the best of our shared humanity.
1248
World Heritage Sites
849
Intangible Cultural Heritage
784
Biosphere Reserves
229
Global Geoparks
Magazine: The UNESCO Courier

Reconstruction: reconciling the past and the future

In this issue, The UNESCO Courier explores the myriad technical, social, cultural, and symbolic dimensions of reconstruction. From Mosul to Christchurch, Warsaw to AlUla, Mostar to Beijing, the examples bear witness to societies' capacity to transform trauma into a collective revival.

Explore the latest issue
©UNESCO
Latest news
Stay informed with the latest updates on UNESCO’s work around the world.
News
“Between Borders and Roots,” an exhibition to raise awareness of human mobility
26 December 2025
News
Arabic Language Day: Celebrating Arab Heritage in the Memory of the World Programme
24 December 2025
News
UNESCO and the European Union inaugurate the newly modernized Samarkand Regional Training Center in Uzbekistan
24 December 2025
News
Vocational Education and Training Day in Uzbekistan
24 December 2025
Load more
UNESCO
Latest News
Calendar
Organize your event
Visit UNESCO
In brief
Our Impact
Fields of expertise
Query list
Core Data Portal
Subscribe to our newsletters
UNESCO Shop
Terms of use
UNESCO Name & Logo
FAQ
Report fraud, abuse, misconduct
Scam alert
Policies
Protection of human rights (Procedure 104)
Privacy Notice
Access to Information
Environmental and Social Policies
Follow us
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube
X
TikTok
WhatsApp
BlueSky

UNESCO applies a zero tolerance policy against all forms of harassment.

Explore UNESCO

We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. For more information on how we use cookies, read our privacy notice.

close