ungleich.ch - Linux system engineering and VM hosting This site uses cookies for analytics. By continuing to
    browse this site, you agree to use this. Learn more OK × Privacy policy 1. Responsibility and scope Responsible in regards to EU General Data Protection
                    Regulation ("GDPR") and other applicable data protection
                    laws: ungleich glarus ag Bahnhofstrasse 1 8783 Linthal (CH) Tel.: +41 55 505 6266 E-Mail: info@ungleich.ch This privacy statement applies to the web content of
                    ungleich glarus ag, available at the following domains: ungleich.ch datacenterlight.ch devuanhosting.com devuanhosting.ch digitalglarus.ch hack4lgarus.ch ipv6onlyhosting.com django-hosting.ch rails-hosting.ch node-hosting.ch blog.ungleich.ch The Data Privacy Officer: Sanghee Kim ungleich glarus ag Bahnhofstrasse 1 8783 Linthal (CH) E-Mail: sanghee.kim@ungleich.ch 2. General User data is personal data which is necessary to establish
                    or change the contractual relations
                    between ungleich glarus ag ("us") and you. This includes
                    among other things for example the
                    name, the address, the date of birth, the e-mail address or
                    the IP address. We save and use
                    your personal data only for the processing of your orders
                    or for getting in contact with you. 3. Processing of personal data When you call one of our websites we collect your IP
                    address. When you register an account with us your contact
                    data will be stored. When you order products on our
                    platform we also collect among others your address and your
                    payment details. I. Registration data In the process of registration we need to collect some of
                    your personal data. For example we collect your name, your
                    address, your telephone number, your e-mail address and
                    your payment details to process orders. We do not collect
                    your payment details such as credit card number, expiration
                    date or the cvv code when you pay with credit card. You
                    expose those data directly to the respective payment
                    processor. Payments with credit card are processed by
                    Stripe Payments Europe Ltd. ("Stripe"). II. Server log files When you call one of our websites we automatically save
                    traffic data. Normally the IP address, the type and version
                    of your browser, the time and the website that lead to our
                    website ("Referer") will be saved. Your IP address is
                    collected anonymously so that we cannot match it with your
                    person. The collection of those data is necessary to
                    provide our websites and services, according to Art. 6 par.
                    1 lit. f GDPR. 4. Storage durations Your data will be deleted immediately, as soon as it isn't
                    relevant anymore for any contract between you and us. In
                    some cases it could be necessary to store your data
                    further, to comply with our contractual or other legal
                    obligatons. 5. Disclosure of your personal data We don't disclose your personal data to third parties,
                    except: a) You grant us your explicit permission according to Art.
                    6 par. 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR. b) The disclosure of your data is legal and it is necessary
                    to comply with our contractual or other legal obligations,
                    according to Art. 6 par. 1 S. 1 lit b GDPR. c) There is a law or legal obligation to disclose your data
                    or the disclosure is necessary for the performance of a
                    task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise
                    of an official authority according to Art. 6 par. 1 S. 1
                    lit. c GDPR. d) The disclosure of your data is necessary for the
                    purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a
                    third party, except where such interests are overridden by
                    the interests or your fundamental right according to Art.
                    6. par. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR. 6. Cookies, Google Analytics, Twitter We use Cookies. When you visit one of our websites,
                    information is stored on your terminal device in the form
                    of a "cookie". Cookies are small text files that are stored
                    on your terminal device by your browser. You can opt-out of
                    the storage of cookies in the settings of your
                    browser-software, but however, in this case you might not
                    be able to fully use all functions and services on our
                    website. We use Google Analytics, a service provided by Google Inc.,
                    1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountainview, CA 94043, USA
                    ("Google"). Google uses Cookies. Google will use these
                    cookies on our behalf to analyse how you use our websites
                    and to generate reports about the activities on our
                    websites. The information collected by those cookies will
                    be transmitted to a Google server in the United States of
                    America. We have Google's IP anonymization activated, so
                    your IP address will be shortened before transmitting to
                    Google. Only in exceptional cases the full IP address will
                    be transmitted and then shortened afterwards. You may opt out from thecollection of these cookies by
                    downloading and installing a browser plugin available at
                    the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout You may find further information about the processing of
                    your personal data at the following links: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated The collected personal data will be deleted or anonymized
                    after 14 months according to Art. 6 par. 1 lit. f
                    GDPR. Our websites use several functions from the social network
                    Twitter, a service provided by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market
                    Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. We may
                    embed content of Twitter in our websites, such as photos,
                    videos, texts or buttons. If you are registered with
                    Twitter, they may combine your use of these functionalities
                    on our websites with your Twitter account. You may find
                    further information at https://twitter.com/de/privacy. 7. Your rights concerning your personal
                        data Under applicable GDPR you may have the right to: a) Obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data
                    concerning you are being processed, and where that is the
                    case, access to the personal data, according to Art. 15
                    GDPR. b) Obtain the rectification of false or inaccurate data
                    concerning you, according to Art. 15, Art. 16 GDPR. c) Obtain the deletion of your personal data, according to
                    Art. 17 GDPR. d) Obtain the restriction of processing your personal data,
                    according to Art. 18 GDPR. e) Obtain a digital copy of your personal data processed by
                    us, according to Art. 20 GDPR. f) Revoke a granted permission regarding your personal data
                    at any time, according to Art. 7 par. 3 GDPR. g) Complain at a data protection authority, according to
                    Art. 77 GDPR. 8. Hyperlinks / Disclaimer This privacy policy applies only to our websites and not to
                    other websites or applications operated by third parties.
                    We may provide links to other websites but we are not
                    responsible for the privacy practices of such other
                    websites. Close Toggle navigation products projects About Media Team JOBS BLOG CONTACT Deutsch Swiss Matrix Chat A secure and sustainable chat solution for your community. End-to-end encrypted, Hosted in Switzerland, Powered by renewable energy. Learn more IPv6 Mobile Internet Router Bring IPv6 to everywhere you go: with our VIIRB, VIWIB & VIGIR! Check it out Visit Open Infrastructure IPv6.chat is open Let's talk about IPv6 freely. IPv6.chat is open for everybody! Join ipv6.chat LINUX SYSTEM ENGINEERING We support our clients in all areas of Unix infrastructure. Our top notch configuration management is refreshingly simple and reliable. Previous Next Our Products Built with 100% renewable energy, Open Source and a lot of love from Switzerland. Check our whole product list of sustainable technology here. Managed IPv4 Address Reach your camera, temerature sensor, or PLC wherever you are. Managed IPv4 Address enables you to monitor your projects from anywhere. Mastodon Hosting Start decentralised social media for your community. VIGIR: VPN IPV6 4G/LTE IPV6 ROUTER Professional IPv6 router with 4G LTE is here! Matrix for Climate End-to-end Encrypted and Federated. A secure and decentralised chat system that is thoroughly sustainable. VIWIB: VPN IPV6 WIFI IOT BOX A mini IPv6 router with WiFi enabled. Versatile and hassle-free! VIIRB: The VPN IPv6 IoT Router Box VIIRB: The world's smallest IPv6 router and VPN gateway. It's your IPv6 on the go, IPv6 only WIFI, a BGP rooter, and more. Zerocarbon.shop Free your digital workflow from carbon footprint: we introduce zero carbon chat and zero carbon cloud . Data Center Light A Swiss datacenter run by 100% renewable energy . Data Center Light has full FOSS stack, 100% IPv6 and 100% SSD. Debian, Ubuntu, Devuan, AlpineLinux, Archlinux, FreeBSD, OpenBSD, and CentOS VMs. Glarnercloud A storage and backup solution for professionals and companies. Glarnercloud offers tailormade solutions for photographers, movie makers, even enthusiastic hobbyists. Store your data in the safest place in the world: Switzerland. IPv6onlyhosting Get IPv6 VMs and IPv6 VPN from IPV6onlyhosting. VM Prices start from only 2.5 CHF/Month, VPN is free for all customers. Be surprised at how much you are enabled by IPv6! IPv6vpn.ch The ungleich IPv6 VPN enables you to have IPv6 anywhere in the world. The base technology is wireguard, it is supported on Linux, BSD, MacOS, and Windows - you can use it even on your phone. Devuan hosting We're the first Devuan VM provider in the world! Devuan hosting offers you the freedom to live without systemd. Software freedom, your way. High Speed Internet We offer high speed fiber internet in Glarus Süd, Glarus and Glarus Nord. Experience 100 Mbit/s and see how speed can change everything. Django hosting Django is a powerful web framework ungleich uses in all our web projects. We love Django! That's why we offer Django hosting for affordable price. Linux System Engineering We design, implement and maintain your Linux infrastructure. Our well-trained team of system engineers offer serviecs as IT architects, devops engineers and system administrators. Rails Hosting Ready to go live with your Ruby on Rails application? We offer you ready-to-deploy virtual machines or configure your existing infrastructure for Ruby on Rails. ungleich Gift Card Made in Switzerland with 100% renewable energy and Open Source. Our Gift Card lets you give sustainability as a gift. Our Projects We are building the sustainable future of digital world. Our passion is bridging technology and community. Hacking Villa Diesbach A space for creative minds in the heart of Switzerland. Open for offsites, workshops and more! Open Infrastructure Project Have you ever wanted a feature in a software, product or infrastructure? We support you to create your own feature: by opening up all our infrastructure. IPv6.chat IPv6.chat is open! Anybody who wants to discuss anything around the topic of IPv6 is welcome to join this funride! Penguin Comics Welcome to the world of Linux & IPv6 penguins! Explore the cutting-edge, real time tech topics with our Linux & IPv6 penguin heroes. Digital Glarus Digital Glarus is our beautiful co-working space in the middle of Alps. Bring your latest projects to our brilliant workshops, meetups, hikes and many more great events. Digital Glarus coworking space Digital Glarus Meetup Hack4Glarus Hack4Glarus is the first hackathon of Glarus. It is your chance to meet & hack with geniuses of Switzerland and the world. To our selected participants we provide a great full-board environment for hacking days and nights, it's all about technology and fun. Digitale Bildung ungleich Computer learning club open for all. Anybody who has interest in learning or teaching IT is welcome to join our club. We meet at Digital Chalet Schwanden and help each other in learning IT. ungleich quiz v6 Test your system engineering skills with ungleich quiz. Will you make it to the hall of fame? We're as curious as you are! cdist cdist is an innovative Swiss configuration management system. Its core values are simplicity and powerfulness: cdist requires only minimum on its target system. Its distribution is push based. cdist configures any host that has a ssh server running. ABOUT The core value of ungleich is open source and freedom. We love the freedom of choosing when and where to work, how to work and what to work with. The timeline of ungleich 2000 The first incarnation of ungleich in Germany 2013 ungleich founded in Switzerland 2015 ungleich introduces HA-Hosting and introduces affordable 24X7 support. ungleich launches Digital Glarus project 2016 ungleich launches Alplora, an animal tracking service with LoraWAN technology. 2017 ungleich sells Alplora to an IoT startup in canton Zürich. ungleich launches the Swiss VM hosting with 100% renewable energy, Data Center Light. ungleich hosts the first hackathon of canton Glarus, Hack4Glarus . 2018 ungleich successfully expands Data Center Light to Linthal by crowdfunding . ungleich launches IPv6-only hosting. 2019 ungleich opens up an IT learning and hacking space in canton Glarus: Hacking Villa Diesbach. 2020 ungleich presents the world’s smallest IPv6 IoT Router Box and VPN gateway, VIIRB. AND THE STORY CONTINUES! WHY UNGLEICH?* WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS SAY "At GermanZero our mission is to achieve a climate-neutral Germany by 2035 latest. We will deliver a 1.5°C legislative package, including a CO2 tax reform, and a comprehensive package of climate-protection measures, which are to be anchored in Germany’s Basic Law. The idea of a ZeroCarbon IT-Infrastructure that fits to our mission can now be realized with our partner ungleich. We share the same ideas and values how IT (and everything else) should be thought from now on: fully renewable, sustainable, conscious. For these reasons ungleich is the perfect match for us." - Thomas Hutmacher , Head of IT at GermanZero e.V. "At South Pole, we stand for values like sustainability, open source and innovation for a greener tomorrow. We are pleased to be collaborating with Ungleich, who stand for these same values and who offer innovative solutions for more sustainability in the IT sector." - Patrick Biber , Head of IT at South Pole "ungleich helped us getting started with our internal infrastructure, hosted on physical servers in a co-location data centre in Zurich. From planning the network layout and virtualisation setup, inviting offers and securing a great deal from a hardware vendor, all the way to the installation of basic services like DNS, VPN and firewalls using the configuration management software cdist, we could count on the support of ungleich. At the end, we got a high availability infrastructure setup enabling our engineers to work more efficiently and comfortable than before." - Luciano Franceschina , CTO at Teralytics "Thanks to ungleich team, who has designed and configured our company's Linux infrastructure, our systems are very easy to maintain. Their innovative configuration management system cdist helped us significantly not only in cost but also in time saving, which is crucial for IT companies like ours." - Beat Seeliger , CTO at Panter AG "ungleich provided an excellent service in designing our system architecture and created secure and stable appliance. For us it is important to have an enduring stability in our system, and ungleich's configuration management system cdist is easy to adapt for our system administrators. We had a successful collaboration with ungleich in the time of very high workload, and their project leading was high-skilled and very reliable. I would definitely recommend them to any companies with high demand in solid infrastructures." - Sebastian Plattner, Teamleader Development Cyber Security Products at RUAG *ungleich means not equal to (≠) U+2260. News and Blog Check out our new blog for the latest news and blog posts. IPv6-Würfelchen March 27, 2021 Test & Beratung | IPv6-Router heise.de The Chat App of 2021 February 19, 2021 What to consider when choosing a chat app, and why we use Matrix Build & Market IPv6-only Services December 04, 2019 Featured on RIPE NCC Labs and APNIC Blog Turn off DoH, Firefox. Now. September. 11, 2019 What we need to do when Mozilla is taking a wrong turn. Eine Informatik-Schule in Glarnerland Aug. 05, 2019 inside-it How to run a really green datacenter July 12, 2019 A datacenter with as little carbon footprint as possible Contact Us info@ungleich.ch Chat ungleich +41 55 505 6266 ungleich glarus ag Hauptstrasse 28, 8777 Diesbach ungleich GmbH St. Gallerstrasse 16, 8853 Lachen Education Center + Hacking Villa Haupstrasse 28, 8777 Diesbach Copyright © ungleich GmbH 2026 ungleich Home