UN-Habitat - A Better Urban Future | UN-Habitat Skip to main content Top Menu Covid-19 Governance Donors Programmes Media centre Get involved Events Menu Main navigation About Us Overview Accountability Donors Evaluation Governance Leadership New Urban
                        Agenda Our
                        Strategy Partners Sustainable
                        Development Goals Overview Accountability Annual
                                                                            Report Donors Evaluation Join us Leadership New
                                                                            Urban Agenda Our
                                                                            Strategy Partners Sustainable
                                                                            Development Goals Topics Climate
                        Change Disability Energy Housing Human
                        Rights Land Legislation Local
                        Economic Development Local
                        Governments and Decentralisation Migration Mobility Municipal
                        Finance Planning
                        and Design Public
                        Space Regeneration Regional
                        and Metropolitan Planning Rehabilitation Resilience
                        and Risk Reduction Safety Slum
                        Upgrading Waste
                        Management Water
                        and Sanitation Youth
                        and Livelihoods Climate
                                                                            Change Gender Housing Human Rights Innovation Land
                                                                            Tenure Security Metropolitan
                                                                            Management Mobility
                                                                            and Transport National
                                                                            Urban Policy Public Space Resilience
                                                                            and Risk Reduction Slum
                                                                            Upgrading Solid
                                                                            Waste Management Urban
                                                                            Economy and Finance Urban Energy Urban
                                                                            Governance Urban Health Urban
                                                                            Legislation Urban
                                                                            Migration Urban
                                                                            Planning Urban
                                                                            Regeneration Urban Safety Urban-Rural
                                                                            Linkages Voluntary
                                                                            Local Reviews Water and
                                                                            Sanitation Youth Where We Are Africa
                        Region Asia and the
                        Pacific Region Arab
                        States Region Latin
                        America and the Caribbean Region Europe North America Africa Region Asia and the Pacific Region Arab States Region Latin America and the Caribbean Region Europe North America Angola Botswana Burkina
                                                                                                        Faso Cabo
                                                                                                        Verde Cameroon Chad Comoros Democratic
                                                                                                        Republic of the
                                                                                                        Congo Ethiopia Ghana Guinea Guinea
                                                                                                        Bissau Kenya Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Rwanda Sao
                                                                                                        Tome and
                                                                                                        Principe Somalia South
                                                                                                        Africa South
                                                                                                        Sudan Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe Afghanistan Bangladesh Cambodia China Fiji India Iran
                                                                                                        (Islamic
                                                                                                        Republic of) Lao
                                                                                                        People’s
                                                                                                        Democratic
                                                                                                        Republic Malaysia Mongolia Myanmar Nepal Pakistan Philippines Solomon
                                                                                                        Islands Sri
                                                                                                    Lanka Thailand Viet
                                                                                                    Nam Egypt Iraq Jordan Kuwait
                                                                                                    GCC Lebanon Libya Saudi
                                                                                                        Arabia State
                                                                                                        of Palestine Sudan Syrian
                                                                                                        Arab
                                                                                                        Republic Tunisia Yemen Andean
                                                                                                        Countries
                                                                                                        HUB Argentina Bolivia
                                                                                                        (Plurinational
                                                                                                        State of) Brazil Chile Cuba Mexico Commonwealth
                                                                                        of Independent
                                                                                        States (CIS) Kosovo Office
                                                                                        for European
                                                                                        Institutions Spain New York Office Knowledge Best
                        Practices Capacity
                        Building Data and
                        Analytics Research and
                                                                            Publications Best
                                                                            Practices Capacity
                                                                            Building City
                                                                            Prosperity Initiative Data and
                                                                            Analytics Global Future
                                                                            Cities Global
                                                                            Land Tool Network Research and
                                                                            Publications Global
                                                                            Urban Lectures Habitat UNI Her
                                                                            City Our City
                                                                            Plans Urban Agenda
                                                                            Platform Urban
                                                                            Data UrbanLex Urban Policy
                                                                            Platform Urban Resilience
                                                                            Hub World
                                                                            Cities Report Search Go Donate Donors Events Get involved Governance Media centre UN-Habitat at the 2025 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP30) Learn more + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Registration now open for World Urban Forum 13 Learn more + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Urban October 2025 Learn more + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us World Cleanup Day 2025 Learn more + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us UN-Habitat at the High-Level Political Forum 2025 Learn more + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Register now for the thirteenth session of the World Urban Forum (WUF13) in Baku, Azerbaijan, 17–22 May 2026 + Learn More URBAN OCTOBER 2026 Call for expressions of interest to host World Habitat Day 2026 + Learn more URBAN LINGO Simple, clear explanations of key urban terms for everyone + Learn more News and stories News 15 December 2025 Applications now open for the WUF13 Urban Expo Story 11 December 2025 Shaping the urban climate agenda: Key takeaways from COP30 Story 10 December 2025 Human Rights, Our Everyday Essentials Story 4 December 2025 In São Paulo, Guarani indigenous twins combine sanitation and ancestral tradition News 2 December 2025 Applications now open for partner-led events at WUF13 + All news and stories Research and Publications We publish research on the latest findings on sustainable urbanization. Global Report Urban Content in NDC 3.0 — A global snapshot for COP30 Global Report WUF12 Report Annual Report Annual Report 2024 Technical Report World Smart Cities Outlook 2024 Flagship Report World Cities Report 2024: Cities and Climate Action Global Report Global State of National Urban Policy 2024 + View all research and publications Our focus UN-Habitat promotes transformative change in cities and human settlements through knowledge, policy advice, technical assistance and collaborative action to leave no one and no place behind. A new focus for UN-Habitat Image Reduced spatial inequality and poverty in communities across the urban-rural continuum Image Enhanced shared prosperity for cities and regions Image Strengthened climate action and improved urban environment Image Effective urban crises prevention and response + Get to know our strategy Flagship Programmes People Centred-Smart Cities Inclusive Communities - Thriving Cities RISE-UP: Resilient Settlements for the Urban Poor Inclusive cities: Enhancing the positive impacts of urban migration SDG Cities Sustainable Development Goals Hover over an icon to learn more. With humanity becoming increasingly urban, trends indicate poverty is also becoming increasingly urban. Sustainable urbanization improves the lives of people in human settlements around the world and increases prosperity. Sustainable urbanization increases food security. The presence of cultivatable land for farming provides food for urban areas and supports agricultural productivity whilst improving the livelihoods of rural populations. Through integrated urban planning, access to basic services, and access to decent and affordable housing, sustainable cities contribute to better health. Inclusive and sustainable cities provide better access to education by the urban poor, women and girls. Inclusive and equitable education provides adequate skills for decent jobs and improved living conditions. Providing women and girls with equal access to education, health care, decent work, and representation in political and economic decision-making processes nurtures sustainable economies, and helps develop inclusive and sustainable cities. Effective urban planning and urban waste management systems ensure access to safe drinking water, sanitation and hygiene, and improve the quality and sustainability of water resources worldwide. Access to clean and efficient energy systems is crucial for the development of safe, resilient and sustainable cities, allowing them to grow and perform efficiently while reducing pollution and mitigating climate change. Inclusive and sustainable cities are a positive and potent force for addressing sustainable economic growth and prosperity, as they drive innovation, consumption and investment. Investment in infrastructure, industrialization and innovation are key to making cities safe, resilient, inclusive and sustainable. Sustainable cities address prevailing inequalities through better urban planning, design and governance, providing better opportunities for employment, affordable housing and accessible transport. Half the world's population now live in cities, and this is projected to increase to two-thirds by 2050. Cities can solve many of the challenges our world faces. Urban areas drive innovation, consumption and investment worldwide, making them a positive and potent force for addressing sustainable economic growth, urban development and prosperity. Sustainable urbanization uses natural resources innovatively and efficiently. These sustainable patterns of production and consumption increase cities productivity and reduce negative environmental impacts. Sustainable cities provide real opportunities to mitigate and adapt to the effects of climate change, through environmentally sustainable and resilient urban design, development and governance. Sustainable urban planning and proper management of resources can reduce the pressure coastal cities put on the environment. Proper management of waste generated by cities prevents ocean pollution and protects biodiversity. Sustainable urbanization and better urban planning, including the development of green infrastructures and the safe management and treatment of waste, can conserve and restore terrestrial ecosystems. Peaceful, inclusive and sustainable cities rely on the kind of institutions we build in cities. This impacts how we govern our cities as well as how we implement the process of urbanization itself. Increasing international cooperation is seen as vital to achieving each of the 16 previous goals. Achieving the SDGs, including Goal 11, will only be possible if there are strong partnerships within and across with all the goals. Sustainable Development Goals Sustainable Development Goals With humanity becoming increasingly urban, trends indicate poverty is also becoming increasingly urban. Sustainable urbanization improves the lives of people in human settlements around the world and increases prosperity. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Sustainable urbanization increases food security. The presence of cultivatable land for farming provides food for urban areas and supports agricultural productivity whilst improving the livelihoods of rural populations. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Through integrated urban planning, access to basic services, and access to decent and affordable housing, sustainable cities contribute to better health. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Inclusive and sustainable cities provide better access to education by the urban poor, women and girls. Inclusive and equitable education provides adequate skills for decent jobs and improved living conditions. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Providing women and girls with equal access to education, health care, decent work, and representation in political and economic decision-making processes nurtures sustainable economies, and helps develop inclusive and sustainable cities. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Effective urban planning and urban waste management systems ensure access to safe drinking water, sanitation and hygiene, and improve the quality and sustainability of water resources worldwide. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Access to clean and efficient energy systems is crucial for the development of safe, resilient and sustainable cities, allowing them to grow and perform efficiently while reducing pollution and mitigating climate change. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Inclusive and sustainable cities are a positive and potent force for addressing sustainable economic growth and prosperity, as they drive innovation, consumption and investment. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Investment in infrastructure, industrialization and innovation are key to making cities safe, resilient, inclusive and sustainable. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Sustainable cities address prevailing inequalities through better urban planning, design and governance, providing better opportunities for employment, affordable housing and accessible transport. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Half the world's population now live in cities, and this is projected to increase to two-thirds by 2050. Cities can solve many of the challenges our world faces. Urban areas drive innovation, consumption and investment worldwide, making them a positive and potent force for addressing sustainable economic growth, urban development and prosperity. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Sustainable urbanization uses natural resources innovatively and efficiently. These sustainable patterns of production and consumption increase cities productivity and reduce negative environmental impacts. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Sustainable cities provide real opportunities to mitigate and adapt to the effects of climate change, through environmentally sustainable and resilient urban design, development and governance. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Sustainable urban planning and proper management of resources can reduce the pressure coastal cities put on the environment. Proper management of waste generated by cities prevents ocean pollution and protects biodiversity. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Sustainable urbanization and better urban planning, including the development of green infrastructures and the safe management and treatment of waste, can conserve and restore terrestrial ecosystems. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Peaceful, inclusive and sustainable cities rely on the kind of institutions we build in cities. This impacts how we govern our cities as well as how we implement the process of urbanization itself. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Increasing international cooperation is seen as vital to achieving each of the 16 previous goals. Achieving the SDGs, including Goal 11, will only be possible if there are strong partnerships within and across with all the goals. + Download the response plan + View the COVID-19 Appeal + Join us Previous Next About us Overview Accountability Annual Report Donors Evaluation Join us Leadership New Urban Agenda Our Strategy Partners Sustainable Development Goals Knowledge Research and Publications Best Practices Capacity Building Data and Analytics Global Future Cities Global Land Tool Network Research and Publications Global Urban Lectures Her City Our City Plans Urban Agenda Platform Urban Data UrbanLex Urban Policy Platform Urban Resilience Hub World Cities Report Get involved Overview Awards Calls for Proposals Events International Day of Zero Waste National Urban Forums Urban October Waste Wise Cities World Cities Day World Urban Campaign World Urban Forum Governance UN-Habitat Assembly Executive Board Committee of Permanent Representatives Open-ended Intergovernmental Expert Working Group on Adequate Housing for All Roadmap towards the meetings of the UN-Habitat Governing Bodies Monthly update including funding status General communications from Member States Previous sessions of the Governing Council General Assembly Reports Media centre Media centre News and Stories Connect Stay updated on sustainable urbanization Email address Submit ©  2012-2025 United Nations Human Settlements Programme Footer menu Contact Privacy Notice About Us Overview Accountability Donors Evaluation Governance Leadership New Urban Agenda Our Strategy Partners Sustainable Development Goals About Us Megamenu Topics Climate Change Disability Energy Housing Human Rights Land Legislation Local Economic Development Local Governments and Decentralisation Migration Mobility Planning and Design Public Space Regeneration Regional and Metropolitan Planning Rehabilitation Resilience and Risk Reduction Safety Slum Upgrading Waste Management Water and Sanitation Youth and Livelihoods Topics megamenu Where We Are Africa Region Angola Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cameroon Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Ethiopia Guinea Bissau Kenya Mozambique Rwanda Sao Tome and Principe Somalia Uganda Zambia Republic of Congo South Africa Asia and the Pacific Region Afghanistan Bangladesh Cambodia China Fiji India Iran (Islamic Republic of) Lao People’s Democratic Republic Malaysia Mongolia Myanmar Nepal Pakistan Philippines Solomon Islands Sri Lanka Thailand Viet Nam Arab States Region Egypt Iraq Jordan Kuwait Lebanon Libya Saudi Arabia State of Palestine Sudan Syrian Arab Republic Tunisia Bahrain Yemen Morocco Latin America and the Caribbean Region Andean Countries HUB Argentina Bolivia (Plurinational State of) Brazil Chile Cuba Mexico Europe Brussels Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) Kosovo Spain Ukrain Where we are Megamenu Knowledge Best Practices Capacity Building Data and Analytics Knowledge Megamenu Search Search megamenu Donate Donors Events Get involved Governance Media centre Moodle Courses List Moodle User Assigned Courses