Skip to main content
Intranet
Easy-to-Read Language
DE
EN
University
Research
Study and Teaching
Knowledge Transfer
International
Faculties

Peter Kiefer

Goethe University Frankfurt

Excellent and International: Knowledge for Development, Sustainability, and Equity

Latest News
Visit Our Newsroom For More

Uwe Dettmar

Leadership and social cohesion

The DFG has approved the new interdisciplinary research group “Goethe Leadership Centre,” which is based in the faculties of Psychology and Economics. Additionally, funding for the QUAST research unit has been extended.

Read the article

Jürgen Lecher

Two new RMU cooperative degree programs launching in 2026

Accelerator Science and Urban Studies: The Rhine-Main Universities (RMU) are expanding their joint degree programs with two innovative master’s programs featuring qualification profiles that are unique across Europe.

Read the article

Uwe Dettmar

Donations take root

Goethe University Frankfurt is continuing to expand its commitment to sustainability – and is deliberately seeking the support of private donors in the process.

Read the article
Apply now to join our program
Learn more
Which course is right for me?

Our degree program finder helps you discover the field of study that best matches your interests with just a few clicks.

I'm interested in...
Degree
Study Programs (194)

Enrico Schleiff

|

President of Goethe University Frankfurt

“At Goethe University, we conduct research and teaching across a wide range of disciplines – from the humanities and social sciences to the natural, life, and medical sciences. Our disciplinary breadth and strength form the foundation for true interdisciplinarity, international collaboration, and open dialogue with society.”

Learn more about our research profile

Jürgen Lecher

Research

A driving force for development, sustainability, and equity: Since its foundation, Goethe University has provided space for innovative approaches, experiments, and ideas. Learn more about our research and research profile.

Learn more
Study and Teaching

A wide range of subjects and innovative teaching and learning methods shape courses and teaching at Goethe University. Learn more about our diverse course offerings and our approach to teaching.

Learn more
Knowledge Transfer and Exchange

We conduct science with and for society. As the first German university rooted in civic tradition, we offer a wide variety of formats that strengthen dialogue with citizens and bring academics into society.

Learn more
This Is Us

Students, researchers, and staff share what inspires them, drives them, and connects them to Goethe University.

Watch the video

Uwe Dettmar

Upcoming Events
Visit Our Calendar for More Events
SOLASTALGIA – Walks Through Changing Landscapes

On display until February 15, 2026: Exhibition at the Museum Giersch of Goethe University. | The exhibition explores the ambivalence of grief and solace, of beautiful yet damaged landscapes, and our conflicted relationship with the environment.

Event Details
Exhibition "Everyday housing issues"

Until February 1, 2026: Exhibition in the Historical Museum Frankfurt | The exhibition "Everyday housing issues. On privatisation, refurbishment and protest" focuses on the past, present, and future of social and ecological housing issues.

Event Details
Your Commitment to Goethe University

The Friends and Supporters of Goethe University have 1,600 members, including both private individuals and businesses from the region. Become a Friend and Supporter, too.

Friends and Supporters
Support and Donate
Haven't visited Goethe University yet?

We’d love to welcome you! As one of Germany’s largest universities, we’re spread across five campuses in the heart of Frankfurt — Europe’s financial hub — and easy to reach.

Contact and Directions
Tailored Information Just For You

If you haven’t found what you need yet, take a look here:

Prospective Students
Students
Early Career Researchers
Researchers
Faculty
Alumni
Supporters
Press
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Netiquette
Press
Contact & Directions
Cookie Settings
Conflicts and Emergencies
Science Garden
University Sports
Rhine-Main Universities (RMU)
© 2025 Goethe University Frankfurt/ Main

We use cookies for the following purposes: Analytics.

Let me choose
I decline
That's ok