Unichain Unichain Flashblocks are live. Flashblocks are live on Unichain. Think you're faster? Play now. Think you're faster? Docs Explore Builder Toolkit Bridge About The DeFi Chain. By Uniswap . Bridge to Unichain Start Building Built on the Superchain Unichain is the home for DeFi. Fast Instant Transactions Unichain has 200ms sub-blocks, 10x faster than most L2s. Fair User-Aligned Economics Unichain is built to accrue value back to its community with 65% of sequencer revenue committed to Validators. Optimized Built for DeFi Efficiency Built by the best team in DeFi, Unichain allows onchain markets to operate with unparalleled speed and cost-efficiency. Interoperable One Experience, Every Chain Unichain is built to support seamless transactions across dozens of chains, so tokens are always just a few clicks away. Start building Built for onchain markets. 200ms sub-blocks Made transparent in a TEE Transactions 285,000,000 Smart Contracts 0 Wallets 6,423,000 Last update: 11/17/2025, 09:37:27 PM Start exploring More than 100 apps and infrastructure providers are already building on Unichain. Seamlessly bridge funds, onramp and offramp, swap and provide liquidity, launch new assets, and use stablecoins from day one. Explore apps and integrations Built to keep value in the Unichain community Coming soon Unichain Validation Network A network of full nodes will monitor and verify the actions of the sequencer, bringing faster transactions and more decentralization to Unichain. Coming soon. Learn more Provable Block Building Block building is delegated to a Trusted Execution Environment with 200ms sub-blocks and transparent transaction ordering. Learn more Open Source Innovations for the Superchain Unichain is built on the OP Stack. Technical innovations introduced by Unichain are open source, and available for any rollup to adopt. Looking Ahead Redefining efficiency and transparency in onchain markets through chain-level innovation–making markets and protocols faster, cheaper, and more efficient. Live Flashblocks 200ms sub-blocks on Unichain Coming Soon Unichain Validation Network Anyone will be able to run a node and verify blocks. Coming Soon Superchain Interop Fast, seamless transfers across participating Superchains. Join the community building on Unichain Write a smart contract Sample app to help kickstart your development process. Deploy an ERC-20 Example token implementation. Create a pool Resources for creating pools on Unichain. Read docs Get started with Unichain's developer docs. Looking for more? Sign up for updates and events About Blog Docs Builder Toolkit Brand Kit Discord Twitter/X Privacy Policy Terms of Service