UNICEF UK - Children's charity - For Every Child Skip to main content Unicef for every child Search Our work We focus on: Nutrition and life-saving food Education Emergency relief for children Protecting children Climate change Water, sanitation and hygiene Vaccines Child poverty We work across the world, including: Afghanistan Gaza Myanmar Sudan Ukraine Yemen In the UK We're working with: The UN Convention on Children's Rights Our celebrity supporters Corporate partners Sport partners Support us You can help by: Donating money Monthly Donations Campaigning with us Leaving a gift in your Will Fundraising Volunteering You can support us through: Your school Your company or business Your charitable trust or foundation Philanthropy Your questions about UNICEF UK: Why give money to UNICEF UK? How does UNICEF UK fundraise? Donation FAQs Shop About us Contact Search. DONATE DONATE TO UNICEF DONATE DONATE TO UNICEF Donate to protect children in Gaza Donate now Donate to Sudan: Help provide clean water, medical supplies and education for Sudan's children. Donate Now 0 We provided 2.79 billion vaccine doses to 105 countries in 2023 Learn more Keeping children safe What we do at UNICEF UK Here in the UK and globally Here in the UK and globally Keeping children safe with vaccines The fight against deadly disease The fight against deadly disease Education The chance to learn can change a child's life The chance to learn can change a child's life Donate to our Ukraine Appeal for Children Donate Now Donate Now YOUR SUPPORT MAKES IT POSSIBLE If you raise £1500 by holding a cycling fundraiser You could provide 5 midwifery kits to safely deliver 250 babies Start fundraising More ways you can help Our work in the UK How we're helping children here in the UK How we're helping children here in the UK Campaign with us to protect children's rights See our latest petition See our latest petition UNICEF UK Shop Read more Read more You can help keep a child safe Donate now Donate to UNICEF How your donation helps Contact Us Jobs Media Facebook YouTube Twitter Instagram JustGiving Shop Soccer Aid Our supporter commitment Website terms & conditions Privacy and cookie policy Annual Report Accessibility Accountability Modern slavery statement Cookie settings The UK Committee for UNICEF (UNICEF UK) raises funds for UNICEF’s emergency and development work for children. We also promote and protect children’s rights in the UK and internationally. We are a UK charity, entirely funded by supporters. United Kingdom Committee for UNICEF (UNICEF UK). Registered charity 1072612 (England and Wales) and SC043677 (Scotland). Registered company limited by guarantee 3663181 (England and Wales). Registered office: 1 Westfield Avenue, London E20 1HZ. All images © UNICEF except where noted.