	
uniFLOW Online 2025.4 – Effortless MEAP updates, mobile budget control, and smarter printing

This latest release of uniFLOW Online allows MEAP applet updates in Zero Trust environments with a one-button process, reducing administrative overhead while maintaining compliance. Students benefit from mobile-first budget recharge options, enabling fast and secure self-service budget management. Additionally, the uniFLOW Online Virtual Printer App receives enhanced finishing options and smarter default settings, delivering a more efficient and flexible printing experience aligned with the Windows Modern Print Platform.

Find out more...

uniFLOW Online – Simple. Serverless. Secure.

uniFLOW Online is a secure, public cloud print and scan solution for businesses of all sizes, facilitating management of their entire print environment. It has been developed from the ground up to enhance cloud technology’s benefits and meet the needs of businesses who do not want to invest in, or manage, local servers but still wish to control the printing process and benefit from flexible scan workflows. uniFLOW Online is built on Microsoft Azure’s cutting-edge cloud environment technology; servers are not needed, businesses are ready for the future. It brings enterprise security standards and provides high scalability to react immediately to changing demands.

58% of business and IT leaders expect significant cost savings by using cloud services.

Powerful cloud print- and scan management

uniFLOW Online comprises a broad set of comprehensive features. It oversees a business’ entire print and scan environment and provides device management with one solution, from secure printing and mobile printing right through to advanced scanning and automated filing processes. The modular design makes it easy to expand the print and scan environment with additional features, such as cost center selection or budgeting, while keeping maintenance to a minimum. uniFLOW Online integrates seamlessly into an existing office environment and enhances document and device security.

For more information on the uniFLOW Online feature set, click here.

100% cloud-based infrastructure

When using uniFLOW Online’s innovative technology, there is no requirement for a local server or edge device. All communications between the different entities can go directly or via the secure cloud, thus eliminating servers and minimizing IT efforts.

Cloud services create new opportunities

Those businesses that embrace cloud services are driven by opportunities to increase flexibility within their markets and to benefit from computing resources whilst spending less. Cloud print management and scan management reduces IT burden through eliminating servers and increases office productivity thanks to simplified print and scan processes.

Gain Control over costs

Areas where costs can be scaled down can be indicated and reduced through targeted actions

Help save the environment

Paper volume and power consumption is reduced by avoiding unnessary prints and eliminating ‘Always On’ print servers

Increase security

Only authorized users have access to devices and documents reach the right place.

Improve office productivity

Various options to send and receive print jobs, change finishing options at the device and workflows to simplify print and scan processes.

Helping businesses in their business transformation

uniFLOW Online has evolved into an unmatched, sophisticated print and scan management solution. In the beginning, it focused on user authentication, secure and mobile printing and accounting for small and medium-sized businesses. Today, this versatile and feature-rich platform has grown to include a wide range of scanning applications, easy driver deployment and support for various job submission pathways so it can cater to the needs of even the large, global enterprise customers.

HomeProductsFeaturesTechnology & integrationsSuccess storiesTrust centerSupportNews
Legal noticePrivacy policyCookie policyPrivacy Settings