home - University Of Lagos Skip to content communicationunit@unilag.edu.ng Staff Students Alumni Parents UNILAG Statistics Give to UNILAG Search Menu communicationunit@unilag.edu.ng Staff Students Alumni Parents UNILAG Statistics Give to UNILAG TETFUND Teras TETFund Impact Search Menu In deed and in truth The Nation's Pride A domain of knowledge and excellence, producing global leaders. Located in Lagos, Nigeria Renowned globally In service to Humanity 60+ years of serving In deed and in truth The Nation's Pride A domain of knowledge and excellence, producing global leaders. Located in Lagos, Nigeria Renowned globally In service to Humanity 60+ years of serving Our Vision To be a top class institution for the pursuit of excellence in knowledge , character and service to humanity. Our Mission To provide a conducive environment for teaching, learning, research and development, where staff and students will interact and compete effectively with their counterparts globally. Updates from across the university and beyond UNILAG News Joke Rankings | Unilag General News UNILAG Ranks 1st in Nigeria in 2026 Times Higher Education World University Rankings The Times Higher Education (THE) World University Rankings has ranked the University of Lagos (UNILAG), Nigeria as 1st in Nigeria. The 2026 THE World University… Gbenga Gbelee School of Post Graduate Studies Homepage | School of Post Graduate Studies News | Unilag General News UNILAG SPGS Ends 2025 with Workshop, Staff Retreat The School of Postgraduate Studies (SPGS), University of Lagos (UNILAG), on Tuesday, December 30, 2025, held a One-Day Workshop and End of the Year Retreat… Joke Rankings | Unilag General News UNILAG Ranks 1st in Nigeria in 2026 Times Higher Education World University Rankings Bayo Salau Opportunities | Unilag General News ISTANBUL KÜLTÜR UNIVERSITY STUDENT EXCHANGE (ERASMUS+ KA171) UNILAG Communication Unit Unilag General News Federal Government Declares December 25, 26 & January 1, Public Holidays Bayo Salau Uncategorised IMPORTANT NOTICE:  FIFTY SIXTH (56TH) CONVOCATION CEREMONIES UNILAG Communication Unit Upcoming Events UNILAG 56th Convocation Ceremonies: Programme of Events and General Information See more news we are FUTURE-READY: The Vice Chancellor's Vision “To build the most innovative and entrepreneurial university in Africa among the top 200 globally, yielding inquiring minds as well as discoveries that are locally and globally impactful.” Professor Folasade T. Ogunsola MBChB, FMCPath, FWACP, FRCPath (UK) PhD (Cardiff) FNAMed, FAMedS, FAS See the FUTURE-READY Agenda Know. Plan. Attend. Upcoming Events There is no Event See more event UNILAG at a Glance For over six decades, UNILAG has provided qualitative and research-oriented education to Nigerians and all those who have entered its domain in search of knowledge. Our illustrious History Our establishment by an Act of Parliament 0 Academic professors currently teaching, researching and contributing to community service for the advancement of humanity. 0 Alumni worldwide making visible impacts and contributing to global growth and development. 0 + research patents/ copyrights/ trademarks till date within & outside. 0 Undergraduate and Postgraduate students across Faculties and Programmes 0 + Grants and Aid given  to local communities around the institution and beyond. ₦ 0 billion UNILAG and environment Air Quality Index Air Quality Map Search Our Ranking According to the 2022 Times Higher Education World University Ranking and uniRank African University Ranking of  top  Higher Education institutions. Study at UNILAG Prospective Students Undergraduates Postgraduates Continuing Education Distance Learning Meet our Faculty Dr. Victor Odumuyiwa obtained his PhD degree from Lorraine University in France and he is a faculty in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Lagos. He serves as a Principal Investigator for the EduAIHub project, funded by IDRC, which aims to advance education in Africa through AI research. A fellow of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Empowering the Teacher (ETT) program, he brings a wealth of experience as a dedicated academic, driven by a profound commitment to elevate the standards of education design and delivery across Africa. He is currently the Director, National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) hub, (NITHub), UNILAG. Dr. Victor Odumuyiwa Director, National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) hub, (NITHub), UNILAG. Professor Taibat Lawanson, a distinguished figure at the University of Lagos, specializes in Urban Management and Governance. Leading research clusters and working groups, she’s also Co-Director of the Centre for Housing and Sustainable Development. With a PhD in Urban and Regional Planning, her research delves into social complexities and spatial justice in Africa. She’s recognized globally for her contributions, holding prestigious fellowships and serving in leadership roles within her field. Professor Taibat Olaitan Lawanson Co-Director, Centre for Housing and Sustainable Development, UNILAG. Professor Abraham A. A. Osinubi, a distinguished figure at the University of Lagos, is a Professor of Anatomy renowned for his academic prowess. Inducted into prestigious academies like the American College of Endocrinologists, he has supervised numerous doctoral and master’s theses, with several of his students becoming professors. He has held significant leadership roles including Executive Director of the University of Lagos Business School and Global Programme Director at Unicorn Group. Currently, he serves as Director of MEDILAG Consult and Dean of the School of Postgraduate Studies at the University of Lagos. Professor Abraham Osinubi Dean, School of Postgraduate Studies. Our Campus will Enchant You! EXPLORE UNILAG House of Knowledge The UNILAG Library When you come to UNILAG to join any of our Schools and Colleges You become a part of our legacy of impactful knowledge and cutting-edge research. Experience the epitome of educational distinction. We don’t just educate; we inspire, innovate, and cultivate brilliance. Visit UNILAG Library UNILAG digital space Social Media Highlights Meet our Scholars: Portraits of Promise Samuel Bassey John is a Computer Science student at the University of Lagos with a focus on mobile development. Beyond his academic pursuits, he is a passionate photographer and musician, embodying a unique blend of technical proficiency and creative expression. Samuel believes in the power of actionable learning and creativity, living by the motto, “Your life is your artwork, don’t spend all your time sharpening your pencil when you should be drawing.” This philosophy drives him to continuously explore and apply his skills, aiming to make a significant impact in both technology and the arts. Samuel Bassey Computer Science Student Agbaje Oluwatoniloba, a dedicated student in the Faculty of Environmental Science, finds her passion both on and off the field. When not scoring goals on the football field, she channels her creativity into art and hones her skills in frontend development. Embodying her unique philosophy, Agbaje lives by the words, “Life is too short to worry about what you should have done two years ago.” This resilient and multi-talented individual is not just shaping her academic journey but also crafting a well-rounded life filled with diverse interests and accomplishments. Agbaje Oluwatoniloba Environmental Science Student Adedamola Oluwatimilehin Adejumo, a Computer Science student at the University of Lagos, began his tech journey at Nithub, progressing from NitDev participant to technical mentor. He gained experience as a developer and volunteer, earning a summer analyst role at Goldman Sachs in 2024. Adedamola aims to mentor more tech enthusiasts at Nithub, actively engages in Google Developer Student Community (GDSC) and AWS Cloud Club UNILAG Chapter (AWSCCUC), and is set to contribute significantly to computer science and technology with his strong academic background and diverse skill set. Ademola Adejumo Computer Science Student Find Resources See all resources Our campus Addresses Newsletters Downloads Public lectures Journals Policies UNILAG LMS (LagOnline) UNILAG career structure Publications LMS Institutional Respository Connect with us Linkedin Twitter Youtube Facebook Instagram Tiktok Vine About UNILAG Established over six decades ago, the University of Lagos has been a beacon of qualitative and research-oriented education for thousands of knowledge seekers who come to its domain from Nigeria and Abroad. UNILAG’s vibrant community sprouts from a fountain of distinction, which produces top-tier graduates and academia whose impactful contributions continue to shape Nigeria’s growth and development. Quick Links Admission Enterprises Records UNILAG Intranet UNILAG Payment Portal UNILAG Quality Assurance Policy UNILAG Service Charter Get in Touch Contact Us Give to UNILAG Prospective Postgraduate Students Prospective Undergraduate Students Stakeholder Links UNILAG Pocket Statistics Vacancies (Careers) Access the University Institutionary Repository Library Parents Records Staff Students UNILAG Statistics © 2023 University of Lagos Back to Top Explore Nigeria’s premier institution Search Search About Academics Administration Admission Explore Campus Journals News Portal Resources About UNILAG See how UNILAG is structured, explore our history and meet our leadership. History of  UNILAG Explore our 6 Decades of growth, excellence and impact. Chancellery and Principal Officers Meet our Leadership The Vice Chancellor's Vision Academics When you take a degree from UNILAG – undergraduate, graduate or professional – you join an ever-growing legacy of world-beaters. Regular Programmes Open & Distance Learning Programmes Foundation Programmes Faculties Colleges Institutes Schools Centres Access the Administration Clearing house for our university’s operations, streamlining processes to support our academic mission. Vice Chancellor Bursary Registry Discover why we are the First Choice UNILAG has built a proud heritage of attracting intelligent, competitive students and empowered each one of them reach their full potential. Foundation Undergraduate Postgraduate Distance Learning Institute Institute of Continuing Education International Students Explore and see UNILAG’s Campus See our park & other visit worthy locations, get access to our library, sports and information about you potential next career move. Afe Babalola Hall Amphi Theatre Bookshop Explore our school map Lagoon Front Library Museum Sport Centre UNILAG Chapel UNILAG Mosque Work at UNILAG Explore Journals Explore ground-breaking research, scholarly articles, and academic publications from the University of Lagos The UNILAG Communication centre Official news from the university comms. centre about science, medicine, art, campus life, university issues and broader national and global concerns. Latest News Stories Upcoming Events Subscribe to UNILAG Newsletter Get access to portals See our various portals to access varying services and resources. Student Staff Alumni Parents Get Valuable Resources Find useful resources from UNILAG Addresses Conferences Downloads Inaugurals Journals Newsletters Public Lectures Publications UNILAG Monthly Online Magazine Videos About About UNILAG See how UNILAG is structured, explore our history and meet our leadership. History of  UNILAG Explore our 6 Decades of growth, excellence and impact. Chancellery and Principal Officers Meet our Leadership The Vice Chancellor's Vision Academics Academics When you take a degree from UNILAG – undergraduate, graduate or professional – you join an ever-growing legacy of world-beaters. Regular Programmes Open & Distance Learning Programmes Foundation Programmes Faculties Centres Institutes Schools Colleges Administration Access the Administration Clearing house for our university’s operations, streamlining processes to support our academic mission. Bursary Registry Admission Discover why we are the First Choice UNILAG has built a proud heritage of attracting intelligent, competitive students and empowered each one of them reach their full potential. Foundation Undergraduate Postgraduate Distance Learning Institute Institute of Continuing Education International Students Explore Campus Explore and see UNILAG’s Campus See our park & other visit worthy locations, get access to our library, sports and information about you potential next career move. Afe Babalola Hall Amphi Theatre Bookshop Explore our school map Lagoon Front Library Museum Sport Centre UNILAG Chapel UNILAG Mosque Work at UNILAG Journals Explore Journals Explore ground-breaking research, scholarly articles, and academic publications from the University of Lagos News The UNILAG Communication centre Official news from the university comms. centre about science, medicine, art, campus life, university issues and broader national and global concerns. Latest News Stories Upcoming Events Subscribe to UNILAG Newsletter Portal Get access to portals See our various portals to access varying services and resources. Student Staff Alumni Parents Resources Get Valuable Resources Find useful resources from UNILAG ARUA Journals Downloads UNILAG Career Structure Institutional Repository UNILAG LMS UNILAG Magazine (Jan 2019) UNILAG Magazine (Feb 2019) UNILAG Magazine (Mar 2019) UNILAG Magazine (Apr 2019) QuickLinks Enterprises Policies Records Research Tetfund Ventures Vacancies (Careers) Explore Quick Links QuickLinks Enterprises Policies Records Research Tetfund Venture Vacancies (Careers) Professor Folasade T. Ogunsola OON, FAS MBChB, FMCPath, FWACP, FRCPath (UK) PhD (Cardiff) FNAMed, FAMedS Professor Folasade T. Ogunsola OON,FAS MBChB, FMCPath, FWACP, FRCPath (UK) PhD (Cardiff) FNAMed, FAMedS The Vice-Chancellor Welcomes You To UNILAG University of First Choice and the Nation’s Pride