Make Melbourne yours in 2026

Resources for the change of preference period

Read more
Courses
Find the right course and see why studying with us is different.
Research
Find out how we’re making a difference.
Partnership
Innovate with our people, technology and outstanding facilities.
Events
Connect with our community, in person and online.
Featured articles
Notice of the passing of the University of Melbourne Vice-Chancellor, Professor Emma Johnston AO

UNIVERSITY

The University of Melbourne advises with deep sadness of the passing of Vice-Chancellor, Professor Emma Johnston AO, after a short illness. Professor Johnston commenced as the University of Melbourne’s 21st Vice-Chancellor in February 2025, returning to the University where she completed undergraduate and postgraduate studies, ultimately achieving a Doctor of Philosophy in Marine Ecology.

Read more here

The tech turning farm waste into furniture

PURSUIT

Mayan knowledge educator delivers Narrm Oration

NEWSROOM

Frogs, AI and gluten: Explore our 2025 research highlights

PURSUIT

Life at Melbourne
1m 12s
Study in a place like no other

The University of Melbourne is a truly unique environment. We’re creating a range of sustainable facilities and precincts to enable ground-breaking discoveries, now and into the future.

Our sustainability commitment
Our campuses

Our historic Parkville campus is at the heart of three globally recognised innovation precincts. Six specialist campuses across Victoria provide immersive education in life sciences and agriculture.

Take a virtual tour
Research facilities

Where our researchers are working on humanity’s most critical problems and complex questions facing the world. The University’s research infrastructure network supports innovation in Australia and internationally.

Our research infrastructure
Libraries, museums, galleries and collections

Our diverse museums and galleries – from the Ian Potter Museum of Art to the new Science Gallery Melbourne – provide access to the knowledge, research and culture curated at the University.

Get involved in our cultural facilities
University Accommodation

Find accommodation that suits your needs and lifestyle. Join our vibrant community and choose from independent apartment-style living to residential colleges with catered meals.

Discover accommodation
Partner with us for the future

It all begins with the seed of an idea. Imagine what we can do, together. Find out how we’re connecting with industry and government.

Partner with us
Partnership case studies
An innovation and collaboration community

Melbourne Connect brings leading researchers, investors, start-ups, students and artists together in a new purpose-built innovation precinct.

Discover Melbourne Connect
Melbourne Connect
37s
Advancing biomedical research globally

The University is one of the leading partners of the Melbourne Biomedical Precinct, a world-leading innovation precinct which comprises more than 40 research, education and industry partners.

More about the precinct
Partnering for parity in Greater Shepparton

The University of Melbourne is working with Indigenous, state and local government partners to create a centre for excellence in education, wellbeing, Indigenous business and culture.

Learn about Munarra
A partnership to power genomics research

The Illumina-University of Melbourne Genomics Hub will transform the health outcomes for all Australians by delivering first-hand, practical experience, fostering a pipeline of commercially focused genomics innovation projects.

Explore the Genomics Hub

Acknowledgement of Country

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people as the Traditional Owners of the unceded lands on which we work, learn and live. We pay respect to Elders past, present and future, and acknowledge the importance of Indigenous knowledge in the Academy.

Read about our Indigenous priorities
Site footer
About us
Careers at Melbourne
Safety and respect
Newsroom
Contact
Campus locations

CONTACT DETAILS

Phone 13 MELB (13 6352)

International +61 3 9035 5511

Address
The University of Melbourne
Grattan Street, Parkville
Victoria 3010
Australia

CONNECT WITH US

Emergency
Terms & privacy
Accessibility
Privacy
The University of Melbourne
(Australian University): PRV12150
CRICOS number:
00116K
ABN:
84 002 705 224

This site uses and shares cookies and similar technologies to personalise your experience, advertise to you where you have opted in and provide content from third-parties as well as analyse our usage. You consent to our use of such technologies by proceeding. You can change your mind or consent choices at any time. Visit our Privacy Statement for further information.

Accept cookies
Cookie preferences