English- UnitedHealth Group Skip to content Close Menu Close
                                    Search About About UnitedHealth Group We are a health care and well-being company made up of a diverse team around the world dedicated to making health care work better through two distinct and complementary businesses: Optum and UnitedHealthcare. Mission & Values Our People & Culture United for Giving Awards & Recognition United Health Foundation Our Businesses Sustainability What We Do Value-Based Care Health Financial Services​ Health Benefits Artificial Intelligence Pharmacy Services​ How We Do It Careers Careers UnitedHealth Group is a health care and well-being company dedicated to improving health outcomes for millions of people around the world. We comprise two distinct but complementary businesses, UnitedHealthcare and Optum, working together to build a better health system for all. Find your next job Join our talent community Work Here Clinical Professionals Corporate & Business Operations Customer Service & Support Early Careers Sales & Account Management Technology & Data Life Here Culture of Belonging Employee Benefits Military Fellowship Program Job Seeker Resources Blog Events Newsroom Insights, News & Resources Explore our news stories to see our mission at work, find recent press releases and read research offering solutions for addressing health care challenges and opportunities. Newsroom Media Resources Latest Updates Insights & Research Research Library A Path Forward Investor Relations Investor Relations We are dedicated to continuously improving the quality of our performance for consumers, customers, care providers and our shareholders. Investor Relations Financial & Earnings Reports Shareholder Resources Dividend History & Stock Basis Investor Conference 2024 Archive UnitedHealth Group Re-Establishes Full Year Outlook and Reports Third Quarter 2025 Results UnitedHealth Group Reports Third Quarter 2025 Financial Results. Read Press Release UnitedHealthcare Our mission is to help people live healthier lives and make the health system work better for everyone. We dedicate ourselves to this every day for our members by being there for what matters in moments big and small — from their earliest days to their working years and through retirement. Go to UnitedHealthcare Find a doctor Find Medicare Advantage Plan Estimate Drug Costs Check my coverage Review my EOB Optum We’re a leading health solution and care delivery organization. Our work is complex, but our mission is simple: create a healthier world, with you at the center. optum.com About Careers For Business Find Care Member Sign-In Search Close Search Country Country English New report examines health of women and children The America’s Health Rankings® 2025 Health of Women and Children Report shows positive trends in childhood obesity, early education and some clinical care measures, but reveals rising maternal and child mortality rates. Check out the report Featured Our Commitment to Strong Performance and Progress UnitedHealth Group is sharing independent assessors’ initial findings related to key processes and policies at our company. Read the findings Supporting more community pharmacies Optum Rx is transforming pharmacy care by bringing more than 17,000 additional community pharmacies into a cost-based reimbursement model in 2026. Read about the partnerships Care in the comfort of home HouseCalls, our in-home clinical visit program, has a 99% satisfaction rating among members according to a 2024 Optum HouseCalls survey. Read the article What can we help you find? united health foundation stock price history health equity prior authorization scholarship Quick tasks to help you with your health care needs Estimate Drug Costs Find a Doctor Schedule a Virtual Visit Check my coverage Find Medicare Advantage Plan Manage Your Optum Rx Account Hear from our employees Join our team At UnitedHealth Group, we are out to make the world a better place. Our team members are united by a deep sense of responsibility to help build a modern, high-performing health system.  From your first day here throughout your entire career at UnitedHealth Group, you are part of a community that is caring, connecting and growing together. We promise to provide you with resources and programs to support you in all aspects of your life. Learn More About Careers at UHG Search by Keyword, Location or Career Area Already Applied? Check my application status Contact Us Suppliers Privacy Policy Company Statement Policy Terms of Use Site Map United Health Foundation Careers Optum UnitedHealthcare Do Not Share or Sell My Personal Information ©2025 UnitedHealth Group. All rights reserved. Follow Us.