UnitedLayer - Experience The World's Best Private Cloud UnityOne Solutions Cloud Solutions Private Cloud as a Service Leverage the benefits of a secure, high-performance private cloud without the complexities of managing it in-house. Enterprise Security as a Service Gain access to advanced tools for threat detection, data encryption, identity management, and real-time monitoring Disaster Recovery as a Service Reduce the complexity and costs of traditional disaster recovery setups while ensuring business resilience. Database as a Service A fully managed, cloud-based database solution that simplifies database deployment, management, and scaling. Data Protection as a Service Offering businesses a robust, cloud-based solution to safeguard their critical data from loss, theft, or corruption. Public Cloud Management as a Service Streamline, Automate, and Optimize Your Multi-Cloud Environment. Hybrid Colo as a Service Scalable, secure hybrid colocation with seamless cloud integration. Solutions by Platform Azure Hyper-V Providing businesses with advanced tools to monitor, manage, and optimize their virtualized environments. NVIDIA Empowering businesses to harness the full potential of AI and high-performance computing (HPC). KVM KVM integration with AI analytics enables efficient VM management, real-time monitoring, and scalability. VMware Leveraging VMware Hypervisor, software-defined storage, and networking for enhanced performance, flexibility, and control. Oracle Seamlessly integrate Oracle technology, enhancing efficiency and reducing operational complexity. SAP Optimize enterprise resource planning (ERP) and streamline critical business processes. Solutions by Industries Financial Services FINRA, PCI DSS-compliant multi-cloud solutions. Healthcare HIPAA-compliant, secure, 99.999% high-availability cloud Technology DevOps-ready, scalable cloud with rapid provisioning & CI/CD integration. Manufacturing Private cloud supports production environments. Media and Entertainment High-performance cloud with 100K+ IOPS for graphics & video workloads. Retail 99.999% high-availability, cost-optimized cloud with multicloud connectivity. Federal Secure, compliant, rapid disaster recovery solutions with global deployment options. Telecommunication Carrier-grade, scalable multi-cloud for 5G workloads. Oil & Gas Secure, compliant, scalable, AI-driven cloud for oil and gas. Products United Private Cloud® UPC AI Cloud Manage AI infrastructure, cloud, and LLMs efficiently. UPC IaaS Secure, and scalable infrastructure, to efficiently manage workloads without an on-premises hardware. UPC Container Cloud Fully flexible platform  to deploy, manage, and scale containerized applications. UPC DR Cloud Recover rapidly, ensure business continuity. UPC Application Hosting Services Fully flexible infrastructure solutions designed to cater the hosting requirements of application services. UPC Sovereign Cloud Building sovereign, sustainable cloud infrastructure with regional laws and accessibility frameworks. UnitedPaaS Infrastructure Scalable, reliable, and high-performance IT foundation. Security Advanced protection with compliance-driven cybersecurity solutions. Database Optimized, secure, and high-availability database management. Network Low-latency, high-speed connectivity for seamless operations. End User Scalable, efficient, and secure data storage solutions. UnityOne.AI AI-powered automation for hybrid cloud management. UnitedEdge® UnitedEdge® Enhances performance, reduces latency and Enables real-time processing. Edge Cloud A secure, and flexible platform enhancing performance,  and improved scalability. UnitedSecure UnitedSecure Proactively identify, respond, and mitigate any security threats inside your data center and cloud environments. Compliances Comprehensive security, compliance, and data protection for UPC Cloud hosting. UnitedConnect® UnitedConnect® Extend connectivity to private and public clouds across multiple locations. United NaaS Fully customizable, flexible and scalable data center networking services. About Us Our Ecosystem GSI Partners Drive client success with our secure private cloud solutions powered by AI. Technology Partners Secure, and scalable infrastructure, to efficiently manage workloads without an on-premises hardware. Become A Reseller Fully flexible platform  to deploy, manage, and scale containerized applications. Contact Us Reach out for inquiries, support, or more information about UnitedLayer. Legal Explore all our legal documents like UnitedLayer and United Private Cloud, etc. About Us Leadership Meet UnitedLayer’s leadership team driving innovation and customer success. Awards & Recognitions Discover UnitedLayer’s prestigious awards and industry recognitions for excellence. Careers Explore exciting career opportunities and grow your future with UnitedLayer. Blog Insights, trends, and innovations shaping the future of cloud technology. Branding Guideline Branding practices for maintaining UnitedLayer brand integrity. Resources Brochures Accelerate AI-ready private/hybrid cloud innovation & data center services. Case Studies Discover how enterprises achieve resilience and performance with our private and multi-cloud expertise. Customer Stories Read customer stories highlighting successful collaborations. Glossary Stay up-to-date with the latest cloud and data center terminology. News & Events Explore UnitedLayer's latest news and upcoming events. Register A Deal X Solutions Cloud Solutions Private Cloud as a Service Leverage the benefits of a secure, high-performance private cloud without the complexities of managing it in-house. Enterprise Security as a Service Gain access to advanced tools for threat detection, data encryption, identity management, and real-time monitoring Disaster Recovery as a Service Reduce the complexity and costs of traditional disaster recovery setups while ensuring business resilience. Database as a Service A fully managed, cloud-based database solution that simplifies database deployment, management, and scaling. Data Protection as a Service Offering businesses a robust, cloud-based solution to safeguard their critical data from loss, theft, or corruption. Public Cloud Management as a Service Streamline, Automate, and Optimize Your Multi-Cloud Environment. Hybrid Colo as a Service Scalable, secure hybrid colocation with seamless cloud integration. Solutions by Platform Azure Hyper-V Providing businesses with advanced tools to monitor, manage, and optimize their virtualized environments. NVIDIA Empowering businesses to harness the full potential of AI and high-performance computing (HPC). KVM KVM integration with AI analytics enables efficient VM management, real-time monitoring, and scalability. VMware Leveraging VMware Hypervisor, software-defined storage, and networking for enhanced performance, flexibility, and control. Oracle Seamlessly integrate Oracle technology, enhancing efficiency and reducing operational complexity. SAP Optimize enterprise resource planning (ERP) and streamline critical business processes. Solutions by Industries Financial Services FINRA, PCI DSS-compliant multi-cloud solutions. Healthcare HIPAA-compliant, secure, 99.999% high-availability cloud Technology DevOps-ready, scalable cloud with rapid provisioning & CI/CD integration. Manufacturing Private cloud supports production environments. Media and Entertainment High-performance cloud with 100K+ IOPS for graphics & video workloads. Retail 99.999% high-availability, cost-optimized cloud with multicloud connectivity. Federal Secure, compliant, rapid disaster recovery solutions with global deployment options. Telecommunication Carrier-grade, scalable multi-cloud for 5G workloads. Oil & Gas Secure, compliant, scalable, AI-driven cloud for oil and gas. Products United Private Cloud® UPC AI Cloud Manage AI infrastructure, cloud, and LLMs efficiently. UPC IaaS Secure, and scalable infrastructure, to efficiently manage workloads without an on-premises hardware. UPC Container Cloud Fully flexible platform  to deploy, manage, and scale containerized applications. UPC DR Cloud Recover rapidly, ensure business continuity. UPC Application Hosting Services Fully flexible infrastructure solutions designed to cater the hosting requirements of application services. UPC Sovereign Cloud Building sovereign, sustainable cloud infrastructure with regional laws and accessibility frameworks. UnitedPaaS Infrastructure Scalable, reliable, and high-performance IT foundation. Security Advanced protection with compliance-driven cybersecurity solutions. Database Optimized, secure, and high-availability database management. Network Low-latency, high-speed connectivity for seamless operations. End User Scalable, efficient, and secure data storage solutions. UnityOne.AI AI-powered automation for hybrid cloud management. UnitedEdge® UnitedEdge® Enhances performance, reduces latency and Enables real-time processing. Edge Cloud A secure, and flexible platform enhancing performance,  and improved scalability. UnitedSecure UnitedSecure Proactively identify, respond, and mitigate any security threats inside your data center and cloud environments. Compliances Comprehensive security, compliance, and data protection for UPC Cloud hosting. UnitedConnect® UnitedConnect® Extend connectivity to private and public clouds across multiple locations. United NaaS Fully customizable, flexible and scalable data center networking services. About Us Our Ecosystem GSI Partners Drive client success with our secure private cloud solutions powered by AI. Technology Partners Secure, and scalable infrastructure, to efficiently manage workloads without an on-premises hardware. Become A Reseller Fully flexible platform  to deploy, manage, and scale containerized applications. Contact Us Reach out for inquiries, support, or more information about UnitedLayer. Legal Explore all our legal documents like UnitedLayer and United Private Cloud, etc. About Us Leadership Meet UnitedLayer’s leadership team driving innovation and customer success. Awards & Recognitions Discover UnitedLayer’s prestigious awards and industry recognitions for excellence. Careers Explore exciting career opportunities and grow your future with UnitedLayer. Blog Insights, trends, and innovations shaping the future of cloud technology. Branding Guideline Branding practices for maintaining UnitedLayer brand integrity. Resources Brochures Accelerate AI-ready private/hybrid cloud innovation & data center services. Case Studies Discover how enterprises achieve resilience and performance with our private and multi-cloud expertise. Customer Stories Read customer stories highlighting successful collaborations. Glossary Stay up-to-date with the latest cloud and data center terminology. News & Events Explore UnitedLayer's latest news and upcoming events. Register A Deal X Solutions Cloud Solutions Private Cloud as a Service Enterprise Security as a Service Disaster Recovery as a Service Database as a Service Data Protection as a Service Public Cloud Management as a Service Hybrid Colo as a Service Solutions by Platform Azure Hyper-V NVIDIA KVM VMware Oracle SAP Solutions by Industries Financial Services Healthcare Technology Manufacturing Media and Entertainment Retail Federal Telecommunication Products United Private Cloud® UPC AI Cloud UPC IaaS UPC Container Cloud UPC DR Cloud UPC Application Hosting Services UPC Sovereign Cloud United Platforms as a Service Infrastructure Security Database Network End User UnityOne.AI UnitedEdge® UnitedEdge® Edge Cloud UnitedSecure UnitedSecure Compliances UnitedConnect® UnitedConnect® United NaaS About Us Our Ecosystem GSI Partners Technology Partners Become A Reseller About Us Leadership Awards & Recognitions Careers Blog Contact Us Resources News & Events Customer Stories Case Studies Glossary Legal Documents X Experience The World's Best Private Cloud Join companies of all sizes leveraging our AI-powered products to create software-defined, highly available private cloud solutions – delivering unmatched security, seamless scalability, and reliable performance to maximize profitability and accelerate their business success worldwide. Speak with our experts > Awards & Recognitions "Leader" in ISG Provider Lens™ 2025 Private/Hybrid Cloud UnitedLayer® Recognized as a "Leader" in the ISG Provider Lens™ 2025 Private/Hybrid Cloud – Data Center Services UnitedLayer® has been recognized as the “Leader” in Private/Hybrid Cloud – Data Center Services 2025 – Managed Hosting by ISG Research for the third consecutive year, highlighting our resilient, high-availability cloud hosting and built-in intelligence layer. Read the report > Customized Solutions A fully integrated suite of IaaS and PaaS products Accelerate revenue growth and streamline cloud operations with UnitedLayer’s fully integrated suite of 100+ IaaS and PaaS. Achieve ironclad security, maintain strict compliance, and scale effortlessly to meet your evolving business needs. UPC AI Cloud Private Cloud built for AI workloads Unlock the full potential of your AI workloads with our private cloud, specifically designed for performance, security, and scalability. With components like Public LLMs and Workflow Orchestration, it offers scalable IaaS and high-speed networking, empowering your AI initiatives and keeping you ahead in a dynamic technological landscape. With enhanced data privacy, compliance, and predictable costs, our private cloud empowers businesses to deploy AI solutions confidently. Contact a specialist > More features Seamless integration with LLMs, vLLM, and Vector DB Scalable, high-performance infrastructure for any workload Advanced networking and Kubernetes support United Private Cloud Software Defined, On-Demand & Scalable Experience United Private Cloud®—enterprise-grade, secure, scalable, and seamlessly reconfigurable in minutes. Cut costs by 30% vs. AWS, Azure, GCP, 50% vs. on-premises, and 70% vs. other private clouds. Benefit from 24/7 expert support, a 15-minute SLA, flexible configurations, and pre-built multicloud connectivity—all while ensuring compliance with 50+ global standards. Explore our solutions > More features High-speed computing with all-flash storage delivering over 100K IOPS Highly Available Software-Defined networking speeds of 10G-100G Near-zero downtime with 99.999% Availability United Private Cloud Seamless,
Scalable, and Secure
Cloud Solution United Private Cloud® delivers the most comprehensive suite of services, including secure infrastructure, scalable container management, edge computing for enhanced performance, seamless multi-cloud governance, customizable networking, flexible application hosting, sovereign compliance, and robust security. Empower your business with integrated solutions designed to drive innovation, streamline operations, and accelerate growth seamlessly across 30 cloud regions and 170+ edge regions. Contact a specialist > More features UnitedEdge®: Enhances performance, reduces latency and enables real-time processing. UnitedSecure: Proactively identify, respond, and mitigate any security threats inside your data center and cloud environments. UnitedConnect®: Extend connectivity to private and public clouds across multiple locations. UPC SecComp UPC DR Cloud United Private Cloud® UPC AI Cloud UPC IaaS UPC NaaS UPC App Service UnitedConnect® UnitedSecure UnitedEdge® UPC Container UPC Sovereign United Edge United Private Cloud® (powered by UnityOne.AI) Private Cloud with built-in intelligence layer Experience reduced latency and enable real-time processing with our software-defined private cloud that delivers a robust, secure, and flexible environment, enhancing performance, built-in 100+ IaaS and PaaS services, businesses achieve faster deployment while leveraging AI/ML, Private LLM, Automation, Orchestration, ITSM, and GenAI. Advanced features like DCIM, HCMP, Cost Management, Multicloud AIOps, and Sustainability further optimize operations for seamless cloud efficiency. Speak with an expert > More features 50% reduction in service ticket resolution time 80% engineering development costs and time savings 75% improved speed of operations Disaster Recovery Ensure business continuity with our DR-optimized solution Experience robust security with locked-down networks and compliance with 30+ global standards, supporting data sovereignty. Enjoy substantial cost savings—exceeding 30% YoY compared to hyperscale providers and outperforming on-premises and private clouds by 50% and 70%, respectively. Optimize operations with scalable, sustainable cloud efficiency. Explore more > More features Ensure business continuity with <1-minute RPO and 15-minute RTO Adherence to all the major region-specific data laws AI-enabled pro-active security features Active-Active Get Active-Active Disaster Recovery solution for resiliency for mission-critical environments that require the lowest Recovery Time Objectives (RTOs). Active-Passive Get an Active-Passive Disaster recovery solution that can be used for test and development when not in disaster mode. Active Replicated Applications that are not mission-critical and need not be recovered instantly can be stored in a cold site in an Active-Replicated setup. Global scale The backbone of secure
infrastructure UnitedLayer makes working across Private Cloud as easy and programmable as moving data. Our Private Cloud regions extend to all the major locations across the globe that helps us to process and manage cross-platform services with ironclad security. 175+ Edge Location 99.999% Availability 100+ Services Catalog 28+ Private Cloud Regions Global scale The backbone of secure
infrastructure UnitedLayer makes working across Private Cloud as easy and programmable as moving data. Our Private Cloud regions extend to all the major locations across the globe that helps us to process and manage cross-platform services with ironclad security. 175+ Edge Location 99.999% Availability 100+ Services Catalog 30+ Private Cloud Regions d Awards & Recognitions Leader in the private/hybrid cloud – 2024 Leader in cloud infrastructure brokerage services Innovation Our IPs and Trademarks Enhances performance, reduces latency and enable real-time processing across your edge network. Learn more > Software-defined private cloud to provide businesses with a robust, secure and flexible cloud environment. Learn more > Extend connectivity to private and public clouds across multiple locations. Learn more > World’s best private cloud with built-in 100+ IaaS and PaaS services for faster deployment. Learn more > Case Studies Ensuring 24/7 Digital Access for the City & County of San Francisco The City & County of San Francisco needed a dependable system to guarantee 24/7 access to applications and services for its citizens. UnitedLayer provided a robust solution, ensuring high availability, reliability, and seamless accessibility, supporting the city's digital infrastructure and public service continuity. Explore UPC for Federal > 20+ Years of managed services delivery 100+ PaaS Products offered: United Private Cloud UnitedSecure Case Studies Reliable IT Infrastructure and Disaster Recovery for Granicus Granicus relied on UnitedLayer for disaster recovery, managed services, and IT infrastructure across three cities, including dedicated servers, firewalls, load balancers, and switches. UnitedLayer offered collaboration and consultative solutions tailored to their business needs. Explore UPC for Technology > 20+ Years of managed services delivery 100+ PaaS Solutions offered: Disaster Recovery as a Service Data Protection as a Service Case Studies Blackstone Secures 99.999% Uptime with UnitedLayer Blackstone required maximum uptime, optimal security, and strict RPO (15 min) and RTO (2 hours). Partnering with UnitedLayer for Managed Cloud Hosting, Blackstone achieved 99.999% availability while meeting these recovery objectives. Explore UPC for Oil and Gas > 50+ of managed services delivery 100+ PaaS of managed services delivery Solutions offered: Managed Hosting Disaster Recovery Solutions Case Studies Trusted Hosting and Security Solutions for Inspyrus Invoice automation service provider Inspyrus needed a hosting partner that could ensure the data security critical to their business. UnitedLayer provided the necessary IT infrastructure flexibility and security, forming a trusted partnership to meet their requirements. Explore UPC for BFSI > 20+ Years of managed services delivery 100+ PaaS Products offered: UnitedSecure UPC IaaS Software-defined architecture End-to-end private cloud solution World’s best Private IaaS and Data Center management services, with robust performance, extreme flexibility, and scalability using software-defined architecture across the globe. UPC suite Software defined agility powered by AI Our UPC suite is equipped with an AI-powered intelligent SaaS platform designed to discover, monitor, manage, and sustainably deliver your Hybrid and Multicloud environments UPC IaaS Experience the most comprehensive IaaS A fully managed enterprise-grade cloud experience featuring highly available software-defined 100G networking, performance compute, and storage delivering 100K+ IOPs. UPC PaaS Get started with our pre-built 100+ PaaS A sustainable, intelligent private cloud solution with software-defined agility, 100+ PaaS services, and automation tools, enabling quick reconfiguration and simplifying networking, performance tuning, and storage management. UPC suite Cross-platform flexibility with ironclad security Experience cross-platform flexibility for cloud workloads across data centers, public clouds, DevOps, and more with secure, pre-built APIs for storage, containers, VMs, and network devices. Co-innovating with industry leaders Experience the best of our partner ecosystem for your business We leverage our extensive partner network of disruptive technology providers to help orchestrate your private cloud ecosystems and modernize your applications, infrastructure, and processes for greater agility and business outcomes. Our global partnerships include leading hyperscalers, GSIs, and technology innovators, as well as emerging solution providers for cloud modernization, generative AI, cloud infra OEMs, AIOps, cybersecurity, multi-cloud storage, and public cloud providers. Hyperscalers Experience global scalability and unmatched reliability through our hyperscaler partnerships. Learn more > Technology Partners Leverage best-in-class solutions across cloud, AI, and infrastructure. Learn more > GSI Partners Co-create industry-specific innovations through collaborative, global service capabilities. Learn more > Enterprise-grade security and compliance Pre-Built Platform Most comprehensive 
private cloud platform Pre-integrated platform Seamless integration with 100+ PaaS and IaaS solutions that enhances scalability, streamlines deployment, and ensures optimal performance for your enterprise workloads Explore now > United Private Cloud® solution Experience unmatched security, 99.999% uptime, cost savings, 24/7 expert support, and seamless scalability with United Private Cloud® for your enterprise. Explore now > United Private Cloud Highly available software-defined solution with 100K+ IOPs and advanced redundancy features, United Private Cloud provides a robust foundation to support mission-critical applications . Explore now > Ready to get started? Need to know our custom pricing or get a free demo? Contact us > Technical Support Available 24/7 to assist you with your queries. Call now > Jobs Ready to take your career to the cloud? Apply now > UnitedLayer is the world’s best private cloud solution provider, empowering enterprises with secure, high-performance infrastructure powered by latest Agentic AI innovations. Our offerings include UnitedConnect®, UnitedEdge®, UnitedSecure, United Private Cloud® Suite (UPC Sovereign Cloud, United NaaS, UPC AI Cloud, UPC Container Cloud, UPC DR Cloud and UPC Application Hosting Cloud ). Together these solution provide an enterprise-grade PaaS and IaaS solution experience with premium features like 99.999% availability, software-defined agility, and seamless multicloud connectivity. We enable organizations to scale rapidly, enhance security, and optimize costs while efficiently managing complex hybrid and multicloud infrastructures. Solutions Private Cloud as a Service Enterprise Security as a Service Disaster Recovery as a Service Database as a Service Data Protection as a Service Public Cloud Management as a Service Hybrid Colo as a Service Solutions By Platform Azure Hyper-V NVIDIA KVM VMware Oracle SAP Solutions By Industries Financial Services Healthcare Technology Manufacturing Media and Entertainment Retail Federal Telecommunication United Private Cloud® UPC AI Cloud UPC IaaS UPC Container Cloud UPC DR Cloud UPC Application Hosting Services UPC Sovereign Cloud UnitedEdge® UnitedEdge® Edge Cloud UnitedSecure UnitedSecure Compliances UnitedConnect® UnitedConnect® United NaaS About Us Leadership Awards & Recognitions Careers Blog Contact Us Branding Our Ecosystem GSI Partners Technology Partners Become A Reseller Contact Us Legal Resources Brochures Case Studies Customer Stories Glossary News & Events Copyright © 2025 • All Rights Reserved X-twitter Linkedin Legal Contact Us ↑