About
Contact
Blog
Testimonials
Offers
Support
Login
Call: 0300 131 9608
Login
Domain Names
Search for a new domain name

Low cost domain names - .co.uk domain names only £8.19 per year

Low cost domain name transfers

Move your expensive domains to Hosting UK - save hundreds of ££

Register Market-Relevant Domain Names

Make your business stand out by registering a new Market-Relevant domain name.

Get a site like this
Web Hosting
Personal Web

Perfect for a single web site with space for thousands of images, photos and web pages.

Professional Web

Host three web sites managed from your easy to use but friendly control panel.

Designer Web

Host up to 10 web sites with the perfect hosting plan for the web designer.

WordPress Pro

Get the best out of WordPress with optimised managed WordPress Hosting.

Windows Developer Hosting

Linux Developer Hosting

cPanel Hosting
cPanel Lite

10 mailboxes, 20 GB of web space and unlimited monthly traffic. Get started with cPanel today.

cPanel Personal

The personal web hosting package has everything you need to get started with your new website.

cPanel Pro

Host up to 10 websites with our best cPanel package gives you unlimited storage and unlimited.

cPanel Server

The ultimate cPanel experience on your own managed dedicated server, hosted in the UK.

Resellers
Reseller Starter

30 mailboxes, 30 cPanel accounts, unlimited Databases, unlimited traffic, CloudLinux protected hosting and LiteSpeed accelerated and optimised servers.

Reseller Standard

All the features of our Reseller Starter with an upgraded 50 cPanel accounts and a huge 100 GB of space.

Reseller Professional

Our biggest, the cPanel Reseller Professional package, includes a massive 250GB of space and 100 cPanel accounts. If you're serious about being a reseller this is the plan for you.

Reseller Server

Full power web hosting, with everything dedicated to you.

Microsoft 365
Overview
Home Users
Small Business
Medium Business
Big Business
Migrations
Website Design
Cloud
Cloud Servers

Fast, Scalable, Self-healing and with screamingly quick resilient and redundant SSD Storage.

High speed VPS

Quick start, Linux or Windows High Speed VPS with or without control panels.

Custom SSD VPS

Choose your CPU, RAM, Fast SSD Storage and then your choice of operating system, add a control panel and go.

Managed Cloud

Let the experts manage your cloud, while you concetrate on your business. Pick a configuration, and we'll do the rest.

Dedicated Servers
Self-Managed Dedicated Servers

Hosting uk provide a full range of options for Self-managed Windows & Linux Dedicated Servers Hosted in the UK.

Managed Dedicated Servers

Get access to our support teams & system adminisrators who manage your server, keep you updated of any issues, and fix them!.

Fully Managed cPanel Servers

The ultimate cPanel experience on your own managed dedicated server, hosted in the UK.

Fully Managed Plesk Servers

The Managed Plesk Obsidian dedicated server is the natural choice for the agency or budding hoster.

SSL
Email
Login
About
Contact
Blog
Testimonials
Support
New Dedicated Server Packages Complete with System Adminstrator Management Now Available.
Portal Login
Customer Portal

Login to the portal here here for to manage your hosting account and to access the support portal.

Login
Parallels CP

Login here for Plesk hosting prior to Feb 2016 only. For everything else use the General CP.

Login

Not sure which control panel to choose? Contact us

Website design

Custom Designed Websites from £299.00

Get Started

cPanel hosting £2.95 per month

UK Datacentre - UK Team - Hosting UK!

Let's Get Started

Try our Free website moving service >

Everything you need - including a 50GB Exchange Mailbox

From only £5.40

Out of this world support

And everything you need for an interstellar web hosting experience.

Get Started

Do it yourself... No need for a developer!

Introducing New WordPress Hosting from Hosting UK. With our new Click, Buy, and Go plan, WordPress is installed, optimised and ready to run without any of the hassle of uploading.

Get Started
Domain Names from £8.19

We make domain names easy - search, buy and use.

Secure your domain name today and get free web and email forwarding with full DNS management from a great control panel.

 Search Now...
Web Hosting from £2.79 pm

Linux or Windows, Beginner or Expert - we have a plan for you.

Fast, affordable, solid web hosting with ASP.NET, ASP Classic, and PHP on Windows Server 2019 with SQL Server 2016 or  Linux hosting with PHP, MySQL and Ruby on Linux.

FREE Website Builder and one click install apps like Wordpress and Drupal.

Buy Online
VPS Servers from £13.85

Screamingly fast SSD based VPS servers.

Choose between Windows or a choice of Linux operating systems and control panels including Plesk and cPanel on our reliable and self healing cloud.

Full administrator or root access for when you need full control and a solution fast.

Buy Online
Dedicated Serversfrom £69.00

Fast and reliable Dell dedicated servers connected to the fastest network.

With a range of managed or un-managed servers giving you a rock solid platform all backed up with great UK based support for total piece of mind.

We can also provide co-location and rackspace in a choice of UK locations.

Buy Online
Just a few of our customers
Our 30 Day Money Back Guarantee

Buy with confidence with our 30 day money back guarantee.

View more
Windows or Linux Web Hosting

Windows 2019 or CloudLinux for maximum performance & stability.

View more
FREE Website builder with hosting

Buy any web hosting package from Hosting UK and get a Website builder FREE.

View more
Our UK Support & Datacentres

Our UK based engineers support our services, all delivered from our own ten UK datacentres.

View more
Switch to Hosting UK

It's really easy to switch over to Hosting UK, let us show you how.

View more
Simply
the best

Our support is the best support in the business, delivered by the same UK based engineers that maintain our systems.

View more
.uk domains from £8.19

Shorter, sharper and mobile friendly. Get your .UK today.

View more
.Wales & .Cymru Domain Names
View more

'This is fantastic service... Sincere thanks... Many thanks and best regards.' - Lloyd Townsend Read More

     
Domain Names
Web Hosting
ASP.NET Hosting
Windows Hosting for Developers
Linux Hosting for Developers
Website Design
VPS Hosting
Cloud Hosting
Managed Cloud Hosting
Dedicated Servers
cPanel Dedicated Servers
Plesk Dedicated Servers
Managed Dedicated Servers
Support
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Modern Slavery Statement

©copyright 1998-2026 Hosting UK
Hosting UK is a division of Easyspace Ltd, part of the iomart group. All prices exclude VAT.