Skip to main content

Take action: Stand up for UC

Main Navigation
Campuses & locations
Student success
Impact
About us
Get involved
Top Menu
Federal updates
Admissions
Jobs
News
Search

PAUSE VIDEO

 
Our mission: Improving lives
The nation’s leading public university is dedicated to solving problems that matter to you.
UC’s future is at stake
UC breaks a Nobel record

“No university anywhere in the world has ever had four faculty win Nobel Prizes in a single year. We’re bursting with pride at the University of California, but this is about more than bragging rights. It’s about revolutionary, life-changing discoveries that help real people across the country and around the planet.” — UC President James B. Milliken

Join UC in speaking up for science

Innovating to keep America in the lead

Solutions developed here generate good-paying jobs, advance national security and help families stay healthy and connected.

Fixing glitches in the code of life

Parents facing genetic diseases, farmers battling drought, and patients fighting malaria now have new hope thanks to CRISPR. This groundbreaking gene-editing technology, pioneered by UC scientists, is driving life-changing solutions and a new era of discovery.

When seconds count

A breakthrough app now alerts Californians to earthquakes seconds before shaking begins — offering precious moments to seek safety.

Putting powerful tech to work for American security

While most of us don’t think much about nuclear safety, a powerful UC-developed supercomputer is working behind the scenes, protecting the nation’s stockpile and helping scientists unlock new cures and cleaner energy for the future.

Meet the world's fastest computer

Revolutionizing care for families

Every day, Californians turn to UC hospitals and clinics for answers, healing and hope. From cancer breakthroughs to compassionate care, UC health teams at 6 academic health centers, 5 comprehensive cancer centers, and thousands of clinics and other locations are changing the lives of millions of families for the better.

Life-saving care in California’s Central Valley

Jazmin Quijano gave birth at 22 weeks in the passenger seat of her car. Paramedics raced her one-pound newborn 50 miles to the UC Davis Children’s Hospital, where the survival rate for early premies is double the national average. Five months later, Jazmin brought baby Daleyza home healthy, happy and seven pounds heavier.

Lifelong care for Californians

Not all family is blood relatives. There is the family that you make and these doctors and nurses are my family.
Jazmin Quijano received neonatal intensive care at UC Davis Children's Hospital
A pro skater rides again

Shawn Connolly was among the first patients with Parkinson’s disease to get an experimental brain implant that neutralizes symptoms before they interrupt his life. Nine years after his diagnosis, Connolly is back on his board, and his treatment just got approved by the FDA.

An AI-assisted breakthrough

Federal funding drives progress in the fight against cancer

Robust government funding for cancer research has helped drive down cancer deaths by 33 percent in a generation. This investment has delivered enormous returns: millions of lives saved, not to mention $69 billion in annual economic activity and 7 million jobs.

The cost of falling behind

Feeding the nation

UC is a trusted partner for Golden State growers, who produce a third of the nation’s vegetables and three-quarters of its fruit and nuts while contributing nearly $60 billion to the state’s economy.

From lab to field to plate

UC plant scientists constantly release new and improved crop varietals so farmers can grow tastier, more nutritious food using less water, energy and pesticides. (Fun fact: 60 percent of the world’s strawberries originated here.)

Science at the speed of agriculture

California almond farmers are confronting the carpophilus beetle, a newly arrived pest that could hit the $4 billion industry hard. A UC scientist spent most of last year investigating this troublesome bug, and now he’s uniting farmers to fight it.

Staying ahead of avian flu

UC is supporting people on the front lines of the crisis, ensuring our food supply stays safe and helping poultry and dairy operations protect workers and prevent spread to other farms.

Stand with UC

The University of California is vital to the future of the state and our nation. During a time of change for higher education, we’re mobilizing our community behind our core values and enormous contributions. When we’re united, we bring real change on issues that matter, and shape the future of the world’s leading public research institution.

Join us
Campuses

Nine UC campuses offer undergraduate and graduate education; one (UC San Francisco) is graduate/professional only. Other educational centers reach across California and beyond.

All UC campuses offering undergraduate education use the same application for undergrads.

UC Berkeley
UC Davis
UC Irvine
UCLA
UC Merced
UC Riverside
UC San Diego
UC San Francisco
UC Santa Barbara
UC Santa Cruz
Academic health centers

UC’s academic health centers provide broad access to top-ranked specialized care, support clinical teaching programs and develop new therapies. For news about UC breakthroughs and health initiatives, visit .

National laboratories

UC has been involved in managing three national labs for the U.S. Department of Energy since 1943.

Agriculture and Natural Resources

UC’s statewide network of researchers and educators delivers science-based solutions to California’s most pressing problems in agriculture, natural resources, economic growth, nutrition and youth development. Their mission is to improve the lives of all Californians.

 (UC ANR) brings research and education to all 58 California counties through UC Cooperative Extension and 13 statewide programs such as 4-H, UC Master Gardener, and CalFresh Healthy Living, UC, along with nine Research and Extension Centers across the state. 

Education outreach

UC partners closely with California’s K-12 schools and community colleges to help prepare students and high-quality teachers.

Fact: MESA and Puente participants pass the California High School Exit Exam at much higher rates than other students.

Academic publishing and broadcasting

UC helps academics access new avenues to publish their discoveries and share them with the broadest audience possible.

Other locations

The University of California opened its doors in 1869 with just 10 faculty members and 40 students. Today, the UC system has more than 295,000 students and 265,000 faculty and staff, with 2.0 million alumni living and working around the world.

Subscribe to our newsletter
Email address
 
Subscribe
UC quick links
Campuses & locations
Student success
About us
Get involved
Press releases
Contact us
External resources
Apply or transfer
Office of the President
Academic Senate
Board of Regents
UCnet: Employee resources
Footer Links 2
Accessibility
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
Copyright © The Regents of the University of California
Social
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
YouTube
LinkedIn