Best Embeddable Email, Page & Document Builder | Unlayer Products Solutions Resources Enterprise Pricing Toggle theme Sign In Contact Sales Get Started EMBEDDABLE CONTENT CREATION TOOLS Empower Your SaaS with Professional Content Creation Integrate powerful drag-n-drop builders for emails , pages , and documents . Save development costs and accelerate your go-to-market strategy. Sign Up Now Watch Video ENTERPRISE-GRADE PLATFORM Trusted by Industry Leaders Join over 1000+ successful companies who trust Unlayer to power their content creation workflows 1000+ SaaS Brands Trusted by industry leaders worldwide for mission-critical content creation 99.9% Uptime SLA Enterprise-grade reliability with global infrastructure and redundancy 52% Cost Reduction Proven reduction in development and maintenance costs SOC 2 Compliant Enterprise security standards with regular audits and certifications We got a cutting-edge email designer with just an afternoon of engineering time. Our users can design beautiful, cross-client emails, and our team can focus on building the rest of our product. Can't recommend Unlayer enough! Patrick Hannigan CTO at Hive Using Unlayer allows us to focus on what we are experts in, helping small businesses succeed while leveraging the benefits of builder expertise of Unlayer, allowing our customers to get to value faster. Rich Sharpe Senior Product Manager at Keap Builder Toolkit Complete Content Creation Suite Provide your users with enterprise-grade tools for creating professional content Email Builder Professional email editor with responsive templates and cross-client compatibility. Learn more Page Builder Create stunning landing pages and web content with our visual editor. Learn more Document Builder Generate dynamic documents and PDFs with customizable templates. Learn more ENTERPRISE SECURITY & SCALE Built for Scale and Security Enterprise-grade features that provide the security, reliability, and support your business demands. White-Label Solution Fully customizable interface that seamlessly integrates with your brand identity and design system. 100% Brand Consistency 2 Weeks Avg. Setup Time Enterprise Security Bank-grade security with SOC 2 compliance, encryption at rest, and continuous security monitoring. SOC 2 Compliance 256-bit Encryption Premium Support Dedicated support team with enterprise SLAs and priority incident response. 24/7 Support Quick Response Time Quick Deployment Streamlined deployment process with comprehensive documentation and integration guides. < 1 Day Integration 99.9% Uptime SLA DEVELOPER EXPERIENCE Built for Modern Tech Stacks A developer-first platform that prioritizes clean code, type safety, and seamless integration. Built for teams who value quality and maintainability. Framework Agnostic Built with TypeScript and zero external dependencies. Seamlessly integrate with any modern JavaScript framework or vanilla JS project. React Vue Angular Next.js Vanilla JS Developer-First API Comprehensive API with type definitions, webhooks, and events. Built for developers who value clean, predictable interfaces. REST API WebHooks TypeScript SDK Rapid Implementation Get up and running in minutes with our well-documented SDK. Includes TypeScript support, examples, and starter templates. npm/yarn ESM/CommonJS Examples Templates editor.ts // Initialize Unlayer const builder = unlayer. createEditor ( { id: 'editor' , displayMode: ' email ' , appearance: { theme: 'modern_light' } } ); // Load the template builder. loadDesign (template); // Export HTML builder. exportHtml ( function (data) { const json = data.design; // template json const html = data.html; // exported html } ); TypeScript | ESLint ✓ v2.5.0 View Documentation SUCCESS STORIES Transforming Content Creation See how leading companies have revolutionized their content workflows and achieved remarkable results with Unlayer. CRM 500+ employees How Keap Saved 1 Year Worth of Development Time with Unlayer Unlayer freed Keap from the hassle of creating and maintaining an email and landing page builder while they focused on what they do best - empowering entrepreneurs. Marketing Software 100+ employees How Hive Closed 40% More Leads With Unlayer Unlayer enabled Hive to offer a high-grade email builder without spending countless hours and dollars creating one. Hence, increasing their clientele and revenue simultaneously. Marketing Software 100+ employees How TargetBay’s Customers Saved 8,000+ Hours Unlayer ended their users’ dependency on designers and developers by enabling them to design beautiful emails efficiently. Ready to transform your workflow? Book a Demo JOIN THE REVOLUTION Shape the Future of Content Creation Join industry leaders in revolutionizing how content is created and delivered. Launch Faster Cut your development time by 80% and launch in weeks, not months. Scale Confidently Built to handle billions of operations with enterprise-grade security and reliability. Future-Proof Investment Continuous innovation with frequent releases and a clear product roadmap. Join Now Talk to an Expert Embeddable content creation tools for SaaS platforms. Trusted by over 1000 companies worldwide. GitHub X (formerly Twitter) LinkedIn Products Email Builder Page Builder Popup Builder Document Builder Solutions Marketing & CRM Finance & Payments Events & Hospitality Healthcare & Wellness Education & Learning Resources Documentation Examples Changelog System Status Blog Case Studies Interviews Free Tools Studio Templates Library Signature Builder Email Template Bundles Company About Enterprise Pricing Careers Book a Demo Contact Us © 2025 Unlayer. All rights reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy