Stock & Inventory Management Software -  Try for FREE | Unleashed <style>     .calendly-overlay .calendly-popup { max-width: 1110px; width: 100%; background: white; } </style> Contact Sales Contact Sales Support Partners Login Features Back to menu Unleashed Software Purchase order management Real-time inventory management Production management Sales & order management AI inventory management Integrations Features Customers Love Advanced Inventory Manager B2B eCommerce CRM Business Intelligence Barcode Scanning Serial Number Tracking Batch Tracking Order Management Sales Quotes Inventory Reporting Sales Orders Demand Planning Supplier Management Freight and Charges Inventory Replenishment Inventory Optimisation Start your 14-day free trial today Start a free trial Solutions Back to menu By Industry Manufacturing Retail Wholesale Distribution Furniture eCommerce Food Health Jewellery Non-profits Coffee Roasters Brewery Distillery Wineries Electronics Lighting Medical Device Beauty & Personal Care Chemical Builders' Merchants Agriculture By Integration Amazon Lightspeed Mintsoft Prospect QuickBooks Salesforce Shiptheory Shopify SPS Commerce Website World WooCommerce Xero See all integrations Upgrade From Spreadsheets to Inventory Management Software Upgrade Your Inventory Spreadsheets Resources Back to menu Unleashed Resources Blog Customer Success Stories What's New In Unleashed Demos Podcasts Calculator Tools Economic Order Quantity Calculator Free Inventory Training Academy Support and Onboarding Manufacturing Health Index Report The Backorder Newsletter Download brochure Guides and Reports Inventory Management Guide Read article on Inventory Management Guide Inventory Accounting Guide Read article on Inventory Accounting Guide Modern Manufacturing Guide Read article on Modern Manufacturing Guide Supply Chain Management Guide Read article on Supply Chain Management Guide Manufacturing Productivity Guide Read article on Manufacturing Productivity Guide Start your 14-day free trial today Start a Free Trial Pricing About Us Back to menu About Us Contact Us Benefits of Unleashed The ROI of Unleashed Meet the Team Help and Feedback Product Feedback Get Support Help Articles and How-tos Start your 14-day free trial today Start a Free Trial Start free trial Contact Sales Support Partners Login Reliable inventory management software that makes every day easier Stock control a mess? Bogged down by admin? Regain control with Unleashed – the inventory software with an astonishing 4.8/5 rating from over 990 users on Trustpilot. Book a chat Start free trial Trustpilot Don't settle for less: Choose the highest-rated, most-recommended inventory software on the planet​ Every day in Unleashed software... + sales orders processed + active users M+ stock items processed Inventory software that makes every day easier Watch software demo Start free trial Play Video How will Unleashed help your business? Grow profits, save time, & boost performance by unifying all your buying, warehousing, sales & production processes within a simple, smart, and advanced stock control software . See our pricing and compare features for more details. Simplifies stock management No more hours of pointless stock counts. Unleashed's digital stock counts take away the guess work every day, making stocktaking a breeze. Discover Manages multiple stock locations Say 'no' to endless Excel spreadsheets for your multilocation inventory! You can now easily keep track of your inventory in multiple warehouses without losing sight of your stock. Discover Automates purchase reorders & supplier management Manage all your purchasing in one place with fast & easy purchase orders, optimised replenishment levels, demand inventory forecasting, supplier management & more. Discover Streamlines production management Master manufacturing with the kanban planner + digital bills of materials that automatically cost your products – so your margins are always accurate. Discover Refines B2B sales order management Deliver exceptional B2B buyer journeys within a powerful B2B eCommerce portal that keeps track of stock availability, order status, previous order history, and more. Discover Perfects demand planning with powerful forecasting and reporting Manage demand fluctuations smoothly with intuitive inventory forecasting,  customised replenishment strategies that save you thousands, and easy inventory reporting. Discover Improves inventory traceability by batch and serial numbers Easily track and trace raw materials and finished goods by batch and serial number. Discover Super-charges multichannel sales tracking and accounting Action orders from B2B sales portals, eCommerce integrations, and offline sources all in one place. Track your most profitable lines, set KPIs, generate invoices, get accurate weighted average landed costs & more. Discover Streamlines customer relationship management & improves RFM analysis Take your sales strategy to the next level with a CRM that connects the dots between the goods you buy and make – and the customers you sell them to. Discover Power your day with AI Do more in the moment with Access Evo in Unleashed Find what you need – and do more, faster – with Unleashed’s natural language interface and built-in AI, designed to make every day easier. Lift productivity Empower staff Unlock creativity Start 14-day free trial Find out more Integrate with 30+ applications Xero Easily update sales and inventory data across the business in real time for always-accurate financial reporting and bookkeeping Find out more QuickBooks Online Track stock in real time and work smarter by synchronising perpetual inventory control with fully automated accounting Find out more Shopify Automate your eCommerce inventory management and track stock across multiple sales channels and locations Find out more Amazon Sell more products and fulfil customer orders in record time. Easily track all your Amazon product and sales data in one place Find out more WooCommerce Unleashed delivers fast, efficient & accurate stock management for all your WooCommerce stores Find out more Access Financials Evolve your business with an automated finance + inventory solution. Maximise efficiency with instantaneous data syncing Find out more Prospect Seamlessly integrate your inventory with a stock-aware B2B CRM to build a complete sales system Find out more Lightspeed Update stock levels across your business as soon as transactions are processed. Find out more Join 1000s of companies from over 100 countries using Unleashed inventory software What our customers say Excellent Based on 1,114 reviews Showing our favourite reviews Outstanding support from Ian Blaydes Outstanding support from Ian Blaydes (Unleashed)

Ian Blaydes was absolutely exceptional in helping me get the CoffeeQuip Unleashed platform fully up… CoffeeQuip Australia , 11 hours ago Ian N Ian N. Blaydes helped us in our onboarding process, and everything went well. Thanks, Ian, for all your help Stock Control , 13 days ago A very positive onboarding experience… A very positive onboarding experience with Ebad I at Unleashed. Took time to understand our business processes to help us adjust to a new software. O… Andrew Ferguson , 13 days ago Alicia is absolutely amazing Alicia is absolutely amazing! She listens and takes the time to ensure she understands bottlenecks and frustration as well as encouraging and accepti… Krystal Jackson , 14 days ago We had a good meeting with clear… We had a good meeting with clear answers o our questions! Joel Mills , 14 days ago Meet our customers Unleashed allowed us to grow 35%, year-on-year, for the last six years. Read customer story Luke Brodie - Vendella International New Zealand We’re saving $30,000 to $40,000 a year using Unleashed's B2B eCommerce stores. Read customer story Daniel Pantaleo - Pinjarra Bakery Australia By using Unleashed we scaled from 30 customer accounts to over 100, almost overnight. Read customer story Darcy Small - Kua Coffee Australia Unleashed makes our lives easier because it works across every aspect of our business. It’s a very efficient platform. Read customer story Ben Russell-Smith - Lazer Lamps United Kingdom We saved ourselves two days a week of wasted time juggling countless Excel spreadsheets. Read customer story Emma Loisel - Volcano Coffee Works United Kingdom Multi award-winning software Inventory management software for your industry Whether you’re B2B, D2C (or a bit of both) Unleashed has the flexibility & features to suit the way you work; from make-to-order manufacturers to wholesale distributors, & everyone in between. Manufacturing Distribution Wholesale Food & Beverage eCommerce Brewing Retail Coffee Roasters Distillery Beauty & Personal Care Medical Device Electronics Select a solution Manufacturing Distribution Wholesale Food & Beverage eCommerce Brewing Retail Coffee Roasters Distillery Beauty & Personal Care Medical Device Electronics Latest articles View all Posted  19 December 2025 Trade Barriers – What Businesses Need to Know Read more Posted  04 December 2025 Beyond the buzz: real AI for product SMEs Read more Posted  04 December 2025 The Edge Read more Posted  17 November 2025 Managing Seasonal Demand In The Food Industry Read more Posted  17 November 2025 Craft Distillery Profit Margin Trends Read more Posted  17 November 2025 Inventory Management in the Hotel Industry Read more Posted  17 November 2025 Lean Manufacturing in The Food Industry Read more Posted  14 November 2025 Global Food Processing Industry Trends for 2026 Read more Posted  07 November 2025 Unleashed unlocks low-cost MRP for small manufacturers Read more Posted  30 October 2025 Full Circle to Full Advantage: Unleashed Partner Outserve’s Accountancy-Tech Model for a Competitive Edge Read more Start your 14-day free trial. No credit card required. Start free trial Frequently Asked Questions What is inventory management software? What is inventory management software? Inventory management software is a programme – usually hosted and accessed via the cloud – that creates a digital twin for all the products, parts or ingredients in a business. That online record includes details such as the value, age, location, quantity and dimensions for each product – as well as data on suppliers and customers, including all purchases and sales. With accurate and up-to-date inventory records companies can prevent both over- and under-stocking and see widespread efficiency gains and financial management. Explore inventory management software in detail in our guide: What is Inventory Management Software? What does Unleashed software do? Unleashed is inventory management software that automates and simplifies control across suppliers, production, inventory, and sales. You can use Unleashed to keep track of your inventory and maintain optimal stock levels, manage your purchase orders, plan manufacturing, process sales, and more. Is Unleashed an ERP system? Unleashed is not a full ERP system but has numerous features that overlap with ERP functionality. You can also extend Unleashed’s capabilities through API integration with systems like Xero and QuickBooks. Is Unleashed inventory software free? You can sign up for a free trial account on Unleashed and use the inventory software free of charge for 14 days. No credit card information is required. Show more How much does the Unleashed inventory software cost? You can use Unleashed for 14 days for free without needing your credit card details. Once your trial period is over, you can opt for one of the subscription packages. Find out more on the pricing page . Is Unleashed tailored for small businesses? Small and mid-sized businesses worldwide favour Unleashed as their trusted inventory management system. Typical users are companies with between 5 and 500 employees. Can Unleashed be customised to suit specific business needs? Unleashed isn’t custom-coded for each user, and can be deployed ‘straight out of the box’. Its flexible workflows, and customisable settings make it suitable for a diverse range of industries. How do I get my current stock into Unleashed? Unleashed’s Import/Export Products feature allows you import and manage stock data in bulk. You can import products, stock on hand, serial numbers, product attributes, and more. Find out more in our documentation or contact us and we will gladly help you get started. Does Unleashed support batch tracking? Yes, Unleashed gives you total traceability and accuracy in your inventory items through batch tracking. Read more about our batch tracking feature here . Can I forecast inventory demand in Unleashed? Yes, you can deploy cost-effective strategies for purchasing, manufacturing and selling items with our inventory forecasting feature . Can I import and export inventory data? Yes. You can import products, serial numbers, batch numbers, product attributes, quantity pricing, and more in Unleashed software. You can also export sales orders, customer information, purchase orders, and more. Read more on our support page. Does Unleashed offer customer support and onboarding? We offer the best-rated onboarding and customer support service for inventory management in the business, ensuring you get the best out of Unleashed through onboarding, support, and training . Can I keep track of my inventory in real time? Yes, Unleashed provides live updates on stock levels, sales, purchase orders, and more  through customisable reports. Can Unleashed automate my inventory management? Yes, Unleashed comes with extensive automation features for every workflow – from pre-filling Purchase Orders with your preferred supplier details, to synching stock levels with your sales channels and logistics partners, or alerting you to expiring batches. Is Unleashed inventory software scalable with my business? Absolutely! Unleashed is an inventory management system that scales as your business grows, with unlimited warehouses, multi-currency support and the ability to work across multiple locations. Pre-built integrations let you connect with other popular cloud software tools, and open API access lets you tailor your tech stack and build EDI connections as required. You can also easily add or remove licenses to ensure everyone on your team has the access they need. Can I integrate Unleashed with third-party tools? Yes, Unleashed software supports numerous integrations with tools like BigCommerce, Squarespace, Etsy, Amazon, Shopify, Xero, Quickbooks and many others. Find out more on our integrations page . Does Unleashed provide an API? Yes, Unleashed has open API access plus an API sandbox that allows you to connect Unleashed to your other tools in almost any way you like. Find out more in our API documentation . Does Unleashed integrate with eCommerce platforms like Shopify, WooCommerce and Amazon? Yes, Unleashed integrates with Shopify, WooCommerce and Amazon via pre-built integrations that are supported and maintained by Unleashed – and can also be easily connected with eCommerce software tools such as Ebay, Etsy, Magento and Squarespace via 3rd party connectors. Connecting your eCommerce stores allows for a fully automated workflow from sale to delivery, replenishment and invoicing, plus synchronised stock availability. What integrations does Unleashed support for accounting? You can instantly integrate Unleashed with your preferred accounting platforms such as Xero, QuickBooks, Access Financials, or Pencil – and any other online accounting system using the Unleashed API, which enables synchronisation of your inventory and financial data. What kind of reporting and analytics does Unleashed inventory software offer? Unleashed keeps track of all inventory movements with comprehensive and detailed reporting, including an optional Business Intelligence module that allows you to segment your inventory data, set business KPIs, personalise your reports, and turn actionable insights into informed decisions. Trustpilot © 2025 The Access Group Company Advisors Become a partner Contact Us Careers Demos GDPR Privacy Policy Security Terms and Conditions Product B2B eCommerce Integrate with Us Inventory Pricing Production Purchases Sales Unleashed Integrations About About Us Blog Customer Stories Help Centre Learning Academy News and Press Industries Brewery Coffee Roasters Distribution Food Manufacturing Health and Supplements Lighting Manufacturing Retail Wholesale Contact (Global) +64 9 801 6337