Skip to main content
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA, LAS VEGAS
STUDENTS FACULTY/STAFF ALUMNI DONORS
University of Nevada, Las Vegas
About Academics Admissions Athletics Campus Life Research
Find
WE ARE UNLV
Admission Resources
Visit Campus
Visit Campus
Apply Now
Apply Now
Request Info
Request Info
Costs & Aid
Costs & Aid
INNOVATIVE ACADEMICS

With 78 majors and 84 minors, UNLV does more than offer options — we provide opportunities. Plus, if your professional ambitions require you to obtain multiple degrees, UNLV also has more than 197 graduate degree and certificate programs and our own law, medicine, and dental medicine schools. We are proud that our academics draw upon the influences of our community, and offer an education like nowhere else.

Search Degrees
Search
All degree programs 
From the President

"Thank you for a remarkable 2025! Have a safe, restful, and joyous winter break, Rebels. We're getting ready for another incredible year!"

A WORLDWIDE DESTINATION

Dripping in the golden desert sun and spread across 335 acres in the heart of Las Vegas, UNLV provides nowhere-else opportunities in this 24-hour metropolis. And while Las Vegas might be the center of it all, it doesn't take long to slip the bonds of this little oasis and get out into the desert, as we are just minutes from natural getaways and less than a day's drive from the entire American Southwest.

Our Campus 
Las Vegas 
Hieu Nguyen Quote
"Living in the international city of Las Vegas, I have experienced diverse cultures both on campus and around town. The opportunity to connect with people from around the world has made me more aware and understanding of traditions and ways of life. Being culturally intelligent is especially beneficial in the hospitality industry."
Hieu Nguyen - Major: Hospitality Management; Hometown: Hanoi, Vietnam
Diversity  Meet Rebels Who Make it Happen 
CAMPUS LIFE

At UNLV, you aren't just part of a university, you're part of an inclusive campus community where everyone can find their place. Students have access to state-of-the-art facilities, a modern recreation center, and many choices for dining and housing. With hundreds of organizations, clubs, sports, and events, there's always a way to get involved and make lifelong friendships and connections.

Campus Life 
Ready to be a Rebel?
Request Info Visit Campus Apply Now Guia Para La Familia
Employment
UNLV Strong
Wellness
Community
Top Tier 2.0
Campus Notifications
University Statements and Compliance
Web Privacy Statement
Web Accessibility
Website Feedback
University of Nevada, Las Vegas
4505 S. Maryland Pkwy.
Las Vegas, NV 89154
Phone: 702-895-3011
Campus Maps
Parking Information
© 2025 UNLVProduced by UNLV Web & Digital Strategy
Social Media at UNLV