Welcome to UNNES Homepage - Universitas Negeri Semarang English English Bahasa MyUNNES Prospective Student Student Collaboration Parents Alumni Home Study at UNNES Campus Life Research Initiatives About UNNES Prospective Student Student Collaboration Parents Alumni MyUNNES Home Study at UNNES Field of Study Faculties Study Programs Admission International Students IUP Short Course Program UNNES by Data Lecturers Students Graduates Applicants Research & Innovations Research Research Focus Facilites Our Experts Research Publications Research Collaboration Students Research Innovations Innovation Center Innovative Product Innitiatives Conservation Enhancing Diversity Business & Enterpreneurship SDG’s UNNES Green Campus Potential Collaboration Campus Life Campus Life Student Life Residential Life Sports Student Activities Organization Clubs & Communities Spiritual Explore UNNES UNNES Facilities Housing & Dining Transportation UNNES Library Explore Semarang Welcome to Semarang Accomodation Local Culture About UNNES Brief Profile Vision Mission Tasks and Functions Executive Board Board of Trustee Academic Senate Offices in UNNES Regulation Brand Guidelines Campus Facilities Visit UNNES UNNES Awards Rector UNNES Facts & History Annual Report Contact Renewable Energy for Sustainable Living Moving Together, Caring for the Northen Coast of Java Technology for Healthy Food UNNES Berdampak A manifestation of Universitas Negeri Semarang’s commitment to advancing education, research, and community service as a center of solutions for social, economic, and environmental challenges in a sustainable manner. Impactful Education A learning approach at UNNES that not only produces excellent graduates but also delivers real contributions to society and national development. Impactful Research Research conducted by the UNNES academic community to produce relevant, applicable findings that drive strategic policy for national progress. Impactful Community Service Community service activities by the UNNES academic community that provide innovative, collaborative, and sustainable solutions to meet local and national needs. Find a Program Discover 100+ Accredited Academic Pathways: Elevate Your Career with Undergraduate, Postgraduate, and Professional Programs Tailored to Your Ambitions Bachelor of Guidance and
                        Counseling Bachelor of Educational
                        Technology Bachelor of Nonformal Education Bachelor of Psychology Bachelor of
                        Elementary School Teacher Education Bachelor of Early
                        Childhood Teacher Education Master of Curriculum
                        Development Master of Non-formal Education Master of Guidance and
                        Counseling Master of Early Childhood
                        Teacher Education Doctor of
                        Guidance and Counseling Education Associate of
                        Visual Communication Design Bachelor of Indonesian Language and Literature Education Bachelor of Indonesian
                        Literature Bachelor of English Language
                        Education Bachelor of English Literature Bachelor of French
                        Language Education Bachelor of French Literature Bachelor of Japanese
                        Language Education Bachelor of Arabic
                        Language Education Bachelor of Chinese
                        Language Education Bachelor of Visual Art
                        Education Bachelor of Visual Art Bachelor of Music Arts
                        Education Bachelor of Dance Arts
                        Education Bachelor of
                        Javanese Literature & Language Education Bachelor of Javanese Literature Master of Art Education Master of Indonesian
                        Language Education Master of English Language
                        Education Doctor of Art Education Doctor of Language Education Bachelor of
                        Sociology and Anthropology Education Bachelor of
                        Pancasila and Civics Education Bachelor of History Education Bachelor of History Bachelor of Political Science Bachelor of Geography Bachelor of Geography Education Bachelor of Social Science
                        Education Bachelor of Communication
                        Sciences Master of History Studies Master of Social Studies
                        Education Master of Geography Education Doctor of Social Science
                        Education Associate of Applied Statistics and Computation Bachelor of Mathematics
                        Education Bachelor of Mathematics Bachelor of Physics Education Bachelor of Physics Bachelor of Chemistry Education Bachelor of Chemistry Bachelor of Biology Education Bachelor of Biology Bachelor of Natural
                        Science Education Bachelor of Informatics
                        Engineering Bachelor of Information System Bachelor of Environmental
                        Sciences Bachelor of Statistics
                        and Data Science Master of Natural Science
                        Education Master of Mathematics Education Master of Physics Education Master of Physics Master of Chemistry Education Master of Biology Doctor of Natural
                        Science Education Doctor of Mathematics
                        Education Bachelor of
                        Construction Engineering Education Bachelor of Civil Engineering Bachelor of Architecture Bachelor of
                        Mechanical Engineering Education Bachelor of Mechanical
                        Engineering Bachelor of
                        Automotive Engineering Education Bachelor of
                        Electrical Engineering Education Bachelor of Electrical
                        Engineering Bachelor of Informatics and Computer Engineering Education Bachelor of Home Economics
                        Education Bachelor of Beauty Education Bachelor of Culinary Education Bachelor of Fashion Education Bachelor of Chemical
                        Engineering Bachelor of Computer
                        Engineering Master of Civil Engineering Master of Chemical Engineering Bachelor of Sport Science Bachelor
                        of Physical Education, Health, and Recreation Bachelor of
                        Elementary Physical Education Bachelor of Sport Coaching
                        Education Master of Sport Education Doctor of Sport Education Bachelor of Management Bachelor of Accounting Bachelor of Development
                        Economics Bachelor of Economics Education Bachelor of Accounting
                        Education Bachelor of Office
                        Administration Education Bachelor of Economics
                        and Islamic Finance Master of Economics Education Master of Economics Science Master of Accounting Master of Management Doctor of Economics Education Bachelor of Law Master of Law Doctor of Laws Bachelor of Pharmacy Bachelor of Public Health Bachelor of Nutrition Bachelor of Medicine Bachelor of Veterinary Medicine Master of Public Health Doctor of Public Health Medical Doctor Profession Program Master of Educational Management/Administration Master of Elementary Education Master of Vocational Education Master of
                        Educational Research and Evaluation Doctor of Education
                        Management Doctor of
                        Elementary Education Professional Teacher Education Stories of Excellence Achieve greatness at our campus – World class university standards meet unparalleled excellence in education. Unlock your potential, master key skills, and shape a brilliant future. Proudly tagged as the “World Reputable University” and a “Pioneer of Excellence in Education” 751-800 1501+ 601+ 73 601+ Education 801+ Economics & Business 601+ 28 World 1001 – 1020 1501+ News & Updates More News UNNES Showcases Javanese Wellbeing Literacy at Melbourne Book Launch The Faculty of Education at the University of Melbourne was energized by a vibrant atmosphere of scholarly dialogue as more than 200 lecturers, professors, researchers, students, and wellbeing practitioners gathered for the launch of the Routledge volume Wellbeing Literacy: Theory and Practice through Multidisciplinary and Transdisciplinary Lenses, during an event held on 19 November 2025.... Read More International Forum Highlights UNNES Contributions to Asian Psychologies The Asian Association of Social Psychology (AASP) convened the International Seminar on Promoting Asian Psychologies in Aotearoa New Zealand, held from 17–19 November 2025, in Auckland and hosted jointly by the Enhancing Participation and Inclusive Change (EPIC) Collective, the University of Auckland, and Massey University. The seminar brought together lecturers, professionals, professors, postgraduate students, and... Read More UNNES-JVIC Collaboration, Bridging Knowledge and Global Culture Universitas Negeri Semarang (UNNES), through the Faculty of Economics and Business (FEB), continues to strengthen its strategic collaboration with the Jiangsu Vocational Institute of Commerce (JVIC). On Wednesday (November 5), UNNES held the inauguration of the Zheng He College and the launching of the Double Degree Program Batch II at the FEB Auditorium. The event... Read More Announcement [Call for Papers] The 3rd International Conference on Law, Conservation, and Sustainable Development (ICCONSIST) 2025 / May 20, 2025 Call for Participants of ASEAN-Japan Roundtable Discussion of Young Women Entrepreneurs 2024 / October 3, 2024 Join Dual 2+1+1 Program / July 4, 2024 More Announcement Procurement More Procurement UNNES at a Glance Take a tour in UNNES and you will find the best university in the state. The video will take you to every places in this university. Publish Your News, Reach More Readers Submit News UNNES Sekaran Campus Gunungpati Semarang 50229 Central Java, Indonesia +62 24 86008700 [email protected] About UNNES Brief Profile Vision & Mission Executive Board Office in UNNES Campus Facilities Visit UNNES Study at UNNES Admission Field of Study Study Programs UNNES by Data International Students Research Research Focus Facilities Our Experts Research Publications Research Collaboration Student Research Campus Life Student Life Student Activities Explore UNNES Explore Semarang Innitiatives Enhancing Diversity Business & Enterpreneurship Sustainability UNNES Green Campus Collaborative Works © 1965 - 2025 | Universitas Negeri Semarang | v0.11.25 | Privacy Policy GDPR Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Who we are Our website address is: https://unnes.ac.id. Comments When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment. Media If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website. Cookies If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year. If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed. If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day. Embedded content from other websites Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Who we share your data with If you request a password reset, your IP address will be included in the reset email. How long we retain your data If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue. For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information. What rights you have over your data If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. Where your data is sent Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. Enable Enable (Required) Disable