University of New Orleans | The University of New Orleans Skip to main content give to uno menu menu Hamburger Aux Menu Maps & Directions For Current Students For Faculty & Staff For Alumni For Parents Employment Opportunities Give Now Privateer Sports Hamburger Menu Future Students Admissions Visit Campus Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Financial Aid Tuition and Fees Scholarships and Awards Academics Academics Home Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs General Education Professional and Continuing Education (PaCE) Online Degree Programs Service Learning Study Abroad Colleges Business Administration Engineering Liberal Arts, Education and Human Development College of Sciences School of the Arts School of Education School of Naval Architecture Hotel, Restaurant & Tourism School of Interdisciplinary Studies The Graduate School About UNO About UNO At A Glance Office of the President Administrative Offices Mission & Vision History University Advancement Alumni Research Research Home Faculty & Staff Research Student Research Collaborate with UNO Office of Research Student Life Student Life Home Campus Safety On Campus Housing Campus Dining Recreation & Fitness Student Health Campus Hangouts Get Involved Front Page 2 CTA Menu SEE YOURSELF AT UNO Apply Today Visit Campus Majors Request Info apply now and let’s begin your future. We’re excited that you want to join our community of determined and talented degree-seekers! And we’re more than ready to give you the preparation you’ll need to launch a career that’s right for you. Our only question is: Are you ready? If you are, then apply now and let’s begin your future. APPLY TODAY UNIVERSITY NEWS VIEW ALL NEWS Mechanical Engineering Professor and Ph.D. Students Receive ASME "Best Paper” Award READ MORE > UNO Bioinformatics Lab Wins Global CAID Competitions Twice in a Row READ MORE > UNO Alumni Take Center Stage to Celebrate Distinguished Achievement READ MORE > Actor, Writer and Producer Deric Augustine to Serve as UNO's Fall 2025 Commencement Speaker READ MORE > UNO History Professor Marc Landry Wins Baker-Burton Award for His Book "Mountain Battery" READ MORE > UNO Students Win First Place at Annual AMA Marketing Case Competition READ MORE > University of New Orleans is All the Buzz at NOLA Bug Fest 2025 READ MORE > Alumni Spotlight: Kyle Griffith's New App Makes Formatting a Breeze READ MORE > Stellar Programs College of Liberal Arts, Education & Human Development Featuring: Jazz Studies at the School of Music Where better to study jazz than New Orleans? This UNO Program of Excellence, founded in 1989 by jazz patriarch Ellis Marsalis, is celebrated for distinction in teaching, unique performance opportunities and distinguished alumni. View All Programs Henry Bernstein College of Business Administration Featuring: Hotel, Restaurant and Tourism Administration Our school offers one of the best known bachelors and master's degrees in Hotel, Restaurant and Tourism Administration. Our exceptional master's degree program is the only one in the state of Louisiana. View All Programs Dr. Robert A. Savoie College of Engineering Featuring: Naval Architecture and Marine Engineering Due to a high demand for our graduates and the quality of our challenging program, we expect to continue to thrive and take our place among the best Naval Architecture and Marine Engineering programs in the world. View All Programs College of Sciences Featuring: Computer Science The National Security Agency and the Department of Homeland Security have designated the University of New Orleans as a National Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense Research. UNO is one of about 60 designated research centers in the country and the only one in Louisiana. View All Programs Our Students Graduate With Less Debt Affordable 77% receive some form of financial assistance UNO is among the top 50 National Universities whose students graduate with the least average debt (U.S. News & World Report) . Nearly 77% of our students receive some form of financial assistance every year, totaling over $41 million dollars in financial aid and scholarships. Results 90% employed within two years after graduating 90% of our students are employed two years after graduation according to Niche.com. UNO has been ranked top in the state in lowest student debt and number one in Louisiana in highest early career salaries. Life In New Orleans Around the City World-renowned for its food, music, and annual celebrations and festivals, New Orleans is one of a kind. Find out how Privateers live and breath the big easy spirit. Mardi Gras Mardi Gras in New Orleans is a must. From tourist to locals, the city explodes with fun all month long! Experience Mardi Gras the Privateer style with our quick tips guide. Festivals New Orleans is home to over 130 festivals a year spanning from music, food, and art. Check out our students personal favorites. On Campus With campus being just 15 minutes to the historic French Quarter, 10 minutes to the central business district, and just 5 minutes to the lakefront, living on campus opens a world of new experiences and culture for new and incoming students. PUT UNO FIRST UNO First is the University's annual fund which supports all aspects of the student experience. It resources scholarships, state-of-the-art facilities, and academic program enhancements and provides flexibility for the University to respond to challenges as they arise. MAKE A GIFT Put UNO First for UNO’s Future PrIVATEER Athletics Catch the Privateers this season on ESPN+. How to watch on ESPN You Need To Be here If you're up to the challenge, we want you to bring that energy to our campus, along with your ideas, your perspective and your ambition. Every year when we welcome a new class, UNO takes on a slightly different personality. Because our students make this place what it is. Front Page 2 - CTA Menu Bottom And Now It's Your Turn Apply Today Take A Virtual Tour Request Info 2000 Lakeshore Drive New Orleans, LA 70148 888-514-4275 Additional Contacts Learn Admission Information Programs of Study Scholarships and Awards Tuition and Fees Experience International Center Our Campus Student Life Accessibility Connect All Social University Calendar Español - Tiếng Việt Request Info Apply Visit Give © 2024 University of New Orleans Emergency Preparedness UL System Non-Discrimination Campus Crime Stats Title IX & Power Based Violence