OCHA Skip to main content Top menu Media centre OCHA Search form Search Search Where we work Headquarters Asia and the Pacific Afghanistan Myanmar Pacific Islands Pakistan Europe Türkiye Ukraine Latin America and the Caribbean Colombia Haiti Venezuela Middle East and North Africa Lebanon Occupied Palestinian Territory Syrian Arab Republic Yemen Southern and Eastern Africa Eritrea Ethiopia Kenya Madagascar Mozambique Somalia South Sudan Sudan West and Central Africa Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Mali Niger Nigeria What we do We advocate We coordinate We fund We inform Who we are This is OCHA Our leadership Our funding Contact us Our priorities Accountability to affected people Anticipatory action Civil-military coordination Climate change Engagement with the private sector Evaluations and Reviews Explosive weapons in populated areas Flagship Initiative Gender equality and the empowerment of women and girls Humanitarian access Internal displacement Localization Protection from sexual exploitation and abuse Protection of civilians United Nations Disaster Assessment and Coordination Latest News and stories Publications Events Campaigns Jobs Donate A community in Bambari in the Central African Republic, provides feedback to a visiting OCHA team on humanitarian aid. Delivery of aid especially in remote areas has been drastically affected by funding shortfalls. Photo: OCHA/Maxime Nama Homepage Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share by Email More than 200 million people globally need humanitarian assistance and protection At the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA), we bring the world together to tackle humanitarian emergencies and save the lives of people caught in crises. What we do We mobilize aid, share information, support humanitarian efforts, and advocate for crisis-affected communities. Read more Where we work Our presence in crisis-affected regions, combined with our expert team, allows us to rapidly respond and provide support to those in need. Read more How you can help Nearly every humanitarian response is critically underfunded. Every cent counts, and saves lives. Contribute today! Read more Latest news and stories View all Image Featured UN Relief Chief urges the world to follow the US in backing humanitarian aid 29 December 2025 Read more Featured OCHA-managed humanitarian funds receive landmark US$2 billion contribution from United States 29 December 2025 Read more Featured Today's top news: Ukraine 30 December 2025 Read more Featured OCHA's 2025 in review 26 December 2025 Read more Current responses Occupied Palestinian Territory The Occupied Palestinian Territory (OPT) faces a protracted political crisis characterized by more than 55 years of Israeli military occupation, internal Palestinian divisions, and recurrent escalations of hostilities. Learn more Afghanistan Afghanistan is facing an unprecedented humanitarian crisis with a serious risk of systemic collapse and human catastrophe. Learn more Burkina Faso Burkina Faso continues to face the worst humanitarian crisis in its history, with one in four Burkinabè now in need of humanitarian assistance. Learn more Burundi Learn more Cameroon Nine out of 10 regions in Cameroon are affected by three complex humanitarian crises: the Lake Chad basin conflict, the North-West and South-West crisis, and the Central African Republic (CAR) refugee crisis. Learn more Central African Republic Learn more Chad The humanitarian crisis in Chad is becoming more entrenched due to growing food insecurity and malnutrition, forced displacement, the effects of climate change, and political, socioeconomic, health and sanitation challenges. Learn more Colombia Learn more Democratic Republic of the Congo Since early January, escalating conflict and intensified M23 attacks in North and South Kivu, has displaced hundreds of thousands, worsening the humanitarian crisis and straining already scarce resources. Learn more El Salvador Learn more Eritrea Following a border conflict with Ethiopia from 1998 to 2000, Eritrea experienced a prolonged "no-war, no-peace" situation and faced international sanctions for a decade. Learn more Ethiopia Ethiopia continues to face overlapping and complex humanitarian challenges driven by conflict, climate shocks, disease outbreaks, and economic hardship. Learn more Guatemala Learn more Haiti Haiti is enduring a severe crisis with political, economic and humanitarian challenges. The President's assassination in July 2021 left the country without a leader, and the economy has suffered from four years of negative growth. Learn more Honduras Honduras faces growing vulnerabilities, including political and social conflicts, climate change, forced displacement and migration. Learn more Kenya Learn more Lebanon Lebanon is facing the largest escalation of conflict since the 2006 Lebanon War, with more than 1,000 people killed between 16 to 27 September, including 87 children and 156 women, according to the Lebanese Ministry of Public Health. Learn more Madagascar Learn more Malawi Learn more Mali Mali is beset by insecurity, conflict, the impacts of climate change and limited access to basic social services, all of which are causing severe humanitarian need. Learn more Mozambique An estimated 945,000 people have been internally displaced by the armed conflict in Cabo Delgado Province in northern Mozambique, which continues to increase humanitarian needs. Learn more Myanmar Two years since the military takeover, the humanitarian outlook for Myanmar remains bleak. Conflict is raging, public services are in disarray and inflation is having a devastating effect on people’s financial situations. Learn more Niger Niger continues to face an acute and complex humanitarian crisis marked by the impact of persistent insecurity, epidemics, food insecurity and floods. Learn more Nigeria There has been no reprieve in the humanitarian crisis in north-east Nigeria’s Borno, Adamawa and Yobe States, where armed conflict is now in its thirteenth year. Learn more Somalia Somalia is facing a rapidly unfolding humanitarian catastrophe, driven by the longest and most severe drought in at least 40 years. Learn more South Sudan The humanitarian situation in South Sudan is worsening, driven by the cumulative and compounding effects of years of conflict, subnational violence, food insecurity, the climate crisis and public health challenges. Learn more Sudan Clashes between the Sudanese Armed Forces and the Rapid Support Forces erupted in Khartoum on 15 April 2023. Hundreds of people have been killed and thousands injured due to the conflict. Learn more Syrian Arab Republic Fourteen years since the onset of the crisis, Syria is grappling with a catastrophe of unprecedented magnitude, with new developments adding to the existing crises and taking a heavy toll on the people living in Syria. Learn more Ukraine Since the full-scale invasion of Ukraine by Russian forces in February 2022, the lives of countless women, men and children have been torn apart. Millions were forced to leave Ukraine and become refugees. Learn more Venezuela Learn more Yemen Eight years into the conflict, the crisis in Yemen remains severe, with more than 21 million people — two thirds of the population — in need of humanitarian assistance. Learn more How we respond We coordinate During an emergency, at the request of the affected country’s Government, we coordinate the flurry of response efforts to ensure they reach the people most in need. Read more We advocate Through our public and private advocacy, we raise awareness of humanitarian crises and the needs of affected people. We advocate for the protection of civilians and respect for international humanitarian law. Read more We develop policy We constantly update existing policies and develop new ones, as we strive to improve the way we deliver assistance to people in need. Read more We fund We work with humanitarian partners around the world to identify the most critical humanitarian needs, plan responses and determine the budgets needed to address them. Read more We inform Accurate information and data are critical in informing a rapid, effective and principled humanitarian response. They are also vital for coordinating the response. Read more Global Humanitarian Overview 2026 After a year in a site for internally displaced people in Goma, Buholo—mother of eight children—returned to her home in Masisi. She is now trying to rebuild her life. Decades of armed conflict have decimated infrastructure and livelihoods in the eastern DRC. Photo: OCHA/Wassy Kambale. A collective push to protect millions of lives In 2026, millions of people caught in conflict and disaster face their hardest test yet: survival. Funding cuts in 2025 stripped away lifelines, even as crises deepen. Yet, the global humanitarian community is determined to stand with them—from local organizations aiding their own communities, to international partners delivering where it is needed most. In 2026, humanitarians will aim to collectively assist 135 million people, out of 239 million people in need, with the immediate priority being to save 87 million lives. Read the Global Humanitarian Overview 2026 here. What we do Advocacy Coordination Humanitarian financing Humanitarian policy Information management OCHA Annual Report Where we work Asia and the Pacific Europe Latin America and the Caribbean Middle East and North Africa Southern and Eastern Africa West and Central Africa Latest Campaigns Events Jobs News and stories Publications Our priorities Accountability to affected people Anticipatory action Civil-military coordination Climate change Engagement with the private sector Evaluations and reviews Flagship Initiative Gender equality Humanitarian access Internal displacement Localization Protection from sexual exploitation and abuse Protection of civilians United Nations Disaster Assessment and Coordination Events ECOSOC Humanitarian Affairs Segment Global Humanitarian Policy Forum Protection of Civilians Week Humanitarian Networks and Partnerships Weeks Pledging conferences Global Humanitarian Overview Take action Donate Campaigns United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs UN OCHA United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs Subscribe Subscribe to UNOCHA mailing list Do not fill in this field Copyright Terms of Use Privacy Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Instagram OCHA Services and related platforms Central Emergency Response Fund Financial Tracking Service Global Disaster Alert & Coordination System Humanitarian Data Exchange Humanitarian Action International Search and Rescue Advisory Inter-Agency Standing Committee Pooled Funds Data Hub ReliefWeb ReliefWeb Response More OCHA Services Opens in a new window © United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs