University of Nebraska Omaha Skip to main content University of Nebraska at Omaha REQUEST INFO VISIT APPLY Search UNO Search UNO MY UNO DIRECTORY REQUEST INFO VISIT APPLY MY UNO DIRECTORY Search UNO About Back back to Main menu About Mission and Strategic Plan Leadership Community Engagement Buildings and Maps Parking and Transit Accreditation News Events Admissions Back back to Main menu Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Transfer Students Online Admissions International Admissions New Student Resources Cost and Aid Academics Back back to Main menu Academics Majors & Programs Colleges Academic Support Library Class Search Course Catalogs Academic Calendar Advising Student Life Back back to Main menu Student Life Student Leadership and Involvement Spirit and Tradition The Maverick Store Student Housing Campus Dining Campus Recreation & Wellness Health Services Career Services & Internships Student Events Research Back back to Main menu Research Research Support Centers and Institutes Research News Engagement Students Student Service and Leadership Collaborative Find Volunteer Opportunities Maverick Food Pantry Voter Information Internship Opportunities Student Resources Become an Engaged Scholar Faculty and Staff Faculty Senate Center for Faculty Excellence Staff Advisory Council Faculty Resources Engaged Research Service Learning Academy Community-Based Learning Courses Community Campus Resources Service Learning Academy Samuel Bak Museum: The Learning Center Promote Volunteer Opportunities Promote Internship Opportunities Rent Office Space Senior Passport Program Community Engagement Partnership Initiative Office of Engagement Office of Engagement Connect to Campus Barbara Weitz Community Engagement Center Service Learning Academy Rent Office Space Samuel Bak Museum: The Learning Center Partner With Us Senior Passport Program Nebraska Business Development Center Community Partners on Campus Connect With Us Contact the Office of Engagement Athletics Alumni & Giving Back back to Main menu Alumni Association Thompson Center NU Foundation Nebraska’s metropolitan university UNO Learn Here. Lead Everywhere. Your future starts here. UNO sets you up for success with top academics and real-world experience, in a city built for opportunity and career growth. Visit Campus Majors and Programs Cost and Aid Be a Maverick Curious about life at UNO? Let’s get you the info you’re looking for. Request Information UNO Impact in Action Education With Purpose From the graphic design lab to campus leadership, UNO’s Dylan Clute shows how education, opportunity, and support help every student find their voice. Go Inside the Classroom Solving Real-World Problems Guided by UNO’s Gait Lab, nine-year-old Theo took steps once thought impossible—showing how Maverick research  moves lives forward. See Research Come to Life From Classroom to Career From UNO classrooms to Omaha’s top newsroom, alumna Sam Pastorino shares how her education prepared her to tell the city’s stories every day. Follow Their Path to Success Where Knowledge Meets Opportunity With access to high-demand programs, industry-connected research, and Omaha’s top employers, you gain the skills and experience to lead in whatever comes next—locally and globally. Areas of Study Research at UNO College helped me grow, learn more about myself, and understand my work in different ways. I’m glad I went to UNO; it was a great experience. -Tenia Padilla, Aluma Life Outside the Classroom Get Involved. Get Connected. Life at UNO is full of ways to connect. Whether you're into volunteering, intramurals, student leadership, or just meeting new friends—you’ll find your community in no time. Step Into Student Life Feel the Maverick Energy Paint your face. Lose your voice. Make some noise! Mavericks bring the hype—on game days, at campus events, and in the moments that build lifelong memories. Experience the Tradition Life as a Maverick College isn’t one-size-fits-all. At UNO, students find their place—from student groups and community involvement to top internships and global study abroad. Our students don’t wait for opportunity, they create it.
Find out how students are building their future. Explore Maverick Stories Omaha is Our Campus At UNO, you're not just on campus you're in Omaha. Explore the city's food, culture, and career opportunities—all part of the Maverick experience. Get to Know Omaha UNO in the News Read Campus News Regents Approve $67.5M Privately Funded Capital Projects at UNO for Omaha Athletics 10 UNO Faculty Rank Among World’s Top Researchers UNO Leads Nebraska in 2026 WSJ College Rankings for Value, Mobility, Experience View More Events See Yourself at UNO Explore campus and discover what makes UNO feel like home. Schedule Your Visit Services and Resources Academic Calendar Course Catalogs MavCARD Services MavLINK my.unomaha.edu UNO Brand Guide Related Links A-Z List Employment University of Nebraska System Campus Links Accessibility Billing Office Buildings and Maps Campus Directory Campus Safety Events Human Resources Library Military-Connected Resource Center News Registrar Policies and Reporting Emergency Information Alert MavsReport Notice of Nondiscrimination NU Foundation Privacy Statement University Policies Privacy Statement Accessibility Toggle theme Light Dark Auto 402.554.2800 University of Nebraska at Omaha University of Nebraska at Omaha,
                6001 Dodge Street,
                Omaha, NE, 68182 © Social Media Our Campus. Otherwise Known as Omaha. The University of Nebraska does not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, national origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, and/or political affiliation in its education programs or activities, including admissions and employment. The University prohibits any form of retaliation taken against anyone for reporting discrimination, harassment, or retaliation for otherwise engaging in protected activity. Read the full statement .