Become a Signatory
icon
MyPRI
Skip to Main
Linkedin IconYoutube icon
About
Procurement
Careers
About us
Contact
Policies
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
PRI policies
Modern slavery statement
Terms of use
Contact
Email

info@unpri.org

Call

+44 (0) 20 3714 3141

Contact

20 Wood Street, London EC2V 7AF United Kingdom

PRI disclaimer
This website is provided for information only. It is not intended to be advice nor to be relied upon. PRI Association is not responsible for any action taken based on this website. Visitors retain sole discretion over how to use the information contained herein. PRI Association is not responsible for and does not endorse third parties featured nor any third-party content that may be included or referenced. Unless otherwise stated, content does not represent the views of PRI signatories. All information is provided “as-is” with no guarantee of completeness, accuracy or timeliness, or of the results obtained from the use, and without warranty of any kind, expressed or implied. PRI Association is committed to compliance with all applicable laws.
Pathways is a voluntary educational framework and is not prescriptive. Practices outlined may not be applicable for all signatories. Signatories must use their judgment to apply the Pathways in ways that are relevant to them. Each signatory’s implementation of Pathways is subject to any client mandate and any legal, regulatory, fiduciary or other professional obligations that apply to them (‘signatory’s duties’). In the event of any conflict, the signatory’s duties will prevail. Participation in any initiative is voluntary. Where Pathways signposts an initiative, this does not mean that each participant adheres to, or is required to adhere to, any specific practice within the Pathways framework. Each signatory retains their discretion to act independently in the best interests of their clients and beneficiaries.
Copyright © PRI Association 2026. All rights reserved. This content may not be reproduced, or used for any other purpose, without the prior written consent of PRI Association.
Home