Unraid | Unleash Your Hardware menu Free Trial Buy Now Product Back Product Unraid OS An operating system for network-attached storage that lets you use what you have to build the server you want. Explore Unraid Getting Started Use Cases Pricing Resources Back Resources Unraid News Stories and updates from across the Unraid community. Popular Categories Use Cases Releases Guides Announcements Support With our active forum, detailed product documentation, support ticketing, and paid support sessions, we’ve got you covered. Helpful Links Getting Started Paid Support Release Notes The Uncast Show Level up your tech game, stay informed, and connect with fellow enthusiasts in the ever-expanding world of self-hosting, Unraid, and beyond. Community Back Community Community It’s easy to join Unraid’s friendly community. Let’s Build Together. Unraid Forums Unraid Discord Unraid Partners From content creators, Businesses, OEMs, and more, Unraid thrives through word of mouth and strategic partnerships. Use Cases Testimonials Apps Discord X Bluesky Youtube Reddit Facebook What will you build? Unraid is a powerful, easy-to-use operating system for self-hosted servers and network-attached storage. Make the most out of your hardware—no matter what kind of drive you have on hand. Explore Unraid Get Started Blog Unraid OS 7.2.3 Now Available December 18, 2025 View all announcements The possibilities are limitless with Unraid NAS OS Simplify your self-hosting set-up Say goodbye to a closet full of mismatched drives—and hello to the most flexible operating system for network-attached storage you’ll ever use. Unraid OS lets you use what you have to build what you want. Docker Applications Run applications and manage data on the same server Unraid’s simple UI makes it easy to manage your entire stack of Docker applications. Add new applications from the hundreds of user-created templates in Community Apps, or use your own! Virtual Machines Work and create even faster Pass through a graphics card to enable gaming or video editing. Allow network-free file access for high-speed file transfers. The possibilities are endless. Explore All Features It's Time to Unleash Your Hardware Built for you. Built by you. We built the operating system we wanted to use. Mix and match hard drives of any size to build your server and grow your storage capacity. Get Started Built different Unraid is more than a product—we’re a community. With countless guides, video tutorials, use cases, and communities in just about every social platform and language, you will always feel supported on your journey. We can’t wait to see what you build. Join our community Built to last If you can imagine it, you can build it with Unraid. From simple storage solutions to game server hosting, we evolve with you however you decide to scale. See use cases I've been using Unraid for a few years now. I absolutely love it. My girlfriend suggests I love Unraid more than her... she might be right.  What I enjoy most is discovering new things I can run on my server, setting them up, then watch as they work flawlessly from then on. It just works. @gdmac1 Do more with Community Apps Run popular applications like AdGuard, Pi-hole, Home Assistant, and Plex right from your Unraid server. Don’t see what you need? Submit your own app and share it with the entire community! Browse All Community Apps Limitless Possibilities From local file storage, gaming, content creation, and everything in between, Unraid OS allows you to get the most out of your rig. If you are in need of some homelab inspiration, you've come to the right place! Browse Use Cases Pricing With affordable options starting at just $49, we have a license for everyone. Buy Now Try before you buy Not sure if Unraid is right for you? Take Unraid for a test drive for 30 days—no credit card required. Free Trial Free Trial Pricing About Team Contact News Product Support Release Notes Documentation Merch Shop Status Policies Unraid Logos Account Management Access license keys, view purchase history, update account info, and upgrade your OS. Login » Newsletter Stay informed about all things Unraid by signing up for our monthly newsletter. Discord X Bluesky Youtube Reddit Facebook Copyright © 2005-2025 Lime Technology, Inc. Unraid® is a registered trademark of Lime Technology, Inc.