Unscramble Words & Letters | Word Unscrambler - Unscramble.me Unscramble Enter up to 15 letters, use ? as wildcard (max 2) Unscramble Words and Letters Scrambled words can turn up in the least expected places, from games like scrabble (as produced by the famous Spear & Sons limited) to a hidden secret in a video game or an episode of your favourite TV show. Having to unscramble words can be really difficult in your heads, and even once you notice the word, unscramble it and end up with new words, there's no guarantee that you actually managed to unscramble letters in the right order. But how can you get it right without making your brain hurt? No matter the reason, there's a service that makes it really easy and convenient: Unscramble . As the name suggests, it's an English language anagram word unscrambler that can only unscramble words back into their letters, but act as wordfinder technology to help you find valid words that you can make with the results. Even better, you get a breakdown of the point values they'd be worth in popular word games, notably Scrabble and Words with Friends. The words finder only looks for words that would be accepted in those games, avoiding all combinations that don't have dictionary definitions: the word unscrambler will only make words that you can use as answers. Unscramble is both a great word finder and a word unscrambler tool, helping you pick out the perfect word choices for any game that forces you to think about creating a word. Even better, Unscramble also separates the point values of each word game so that you aren't being misled with Scrabble results if you're playing Words with Friends, and vice versa. How to use the Unscramble.me's Word Unscrambler Using it is simple: first, you just have to go to the host site on the internet and click on the input box. Then you enter a string of letters up to fifteen characters in length, then hit the search engine button. The word finder breaks it down into letters and then shows you word lists, filtering them by the number of letters they contain: for example, if you entered "IGSNOSA", it would show you all of the six letter words you could make (assign), then the four letter words (gains), and so on. If you're missing certain scrambled letters or don't know exactly what else you could put in a word, you can use a question mark (?) as a "wild card", letting the unscrambler treat it as every letter at once. You can use this to find Scrabble, Words with Friends or other game words that you can make without having the full list of letters available. This can be very useful for words containing J, W or other fiddly consonants that can be difficult to use alongside certain vowels or as anagrams. The entire unscrambler runs in your own web browser and can find words very quickly, drawing it directly from a dictionary database. It's a registered trademark of its owners, and isn't owned by Spear & Sons, the Words with Friends developers or any other third party, meaning that it will always work as expected for word games. This registered trademark also means that it's updated by real people who can keep it running on tablets, phones and various website browsers (such as Chrome) instead of leaving it to become outdated. Popular anagrams Word Scrabble points Words with friends points thrive 12 12 torbi 7 8 attoer 6 6 uniform 12 15 ignaa 6 8 raynorid 12 12 valine 9 12 collide 10 13 genesis 8 10 apple 9 12 trestle 7 8 yeornd 10 10 biology 13 15 bitor 7 8 rightly 14 14 flound 10 13 torib 7 8 slicer 8 10 briot 7 8 legible 10 14 Privacy T&C Unscramble Anagram solver Scrabble Word Finder Unscramble.me We are not affiliated with SCRABBLE®, Mattel, Spear, Hasbro, or Zynga with Friends in any way. This site is for entertainment purposes only. Copyright 2026 - Unscramble.me