UN-Water | Coordinating the UN's work on water and sanitation Skip to main content Search by Keyword Search Main navigation Home About UN-Water Donors Governance Expert Groups and Task Forces Members and Partners What we do Our Work Country Engagement Regional Level Coordination SDG 6 Integrated Monitoring Initiative Background 6.1.1 Drinking Water 6.2.1 Sanitation and Hygiene 6.3.1 Wastewater 6.3.2 Water Quality 6.4.1 Water Use Efficiency 6.4.2 Water Stress 6.5.1 Water Management 6.5.2 Transboundary Cooperation 6.6.1 Ecosystems 6.a.1 International Cooperation 6.b.1 Stakeholder Participation Institutional and Cross-Cutting Gender Contextualization SDG 6 Capacity Development Initiative SDG 6 Data Portal SDG 6 Global Acceleration Framework UN System-wide Strategy for Water and Sanitation Priority Collaborative Actions Contributing Actions World Toilet Day World Water Day Water Facts Climate Change Disasters Ecosystems Financing Food and Energy Gender Handwashing and Hand Hygiene Human Rights Peace Quality and Wastewater Scarcity Transboundary Waters Urbanization WASH News Publications Country Acceleration Case Studies Policy and Analytical Briefs SDG 6 Monitoring SDG 6 Progress Reports United Nations System-wide Strategy for Water and Sanitation UN World Water Development Report Extranet Members and Partners with Special Status Partners and Observers Events Search by Keyword Search Homepage Main content IWMI report: Digital solutions for Africa’s water management However, according to a new report from the International Water Management Institute (IWMI), advances in digital innovation technologies provide unprecedented opportunities for transforming water management across the continent. Developed with support from partners, the Digital Innovations for a Water Secure Africa (DIWASA) is an IWMI initiative reshaping how data, technology, and partnerships intersect to improve water management. Across the continent, DIWASA is empowering government agencies, basin authorities, and local communities to address critical water challenges with greater efficiency... Leading the Way to Resilient Food Systems Leading the Way to Resilient Food Systems: A Participatory and Comprehensive Approach from Resilience Assessment to Action equips decision-makers... FAO report: The Impact of Disasters on Agriculture and Food Security 2025 The report documents the rising toll of shocks on crops, livestock, fisheries, aquaculture and forest production — and the... UNHCR report: No Escape II – The way forward Over the past decade, weather-related disasters have triggered around 250 million internal displacements, or 70,000 per day. Floods in... Sustainable Development Goal 6 Billions of people are still living without safely managed water and sanitation. Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 6 is to ensure the availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all by 2030. Achieving SDG 6 is integral to the success of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, which aims to end extreme poverty and protect the planet. Questions people ask Communications should be a two-way exchange. ‘Questions people ask’ is a new feature where we answer some of the questions we get asked about important issues, such as, climate change , water scarcity , toilet equity and wastewater . Through responding to queries from our audiences, we aim to explain key issues in a clear and engaging way that fosters ongoing conversations. SDG 6 Data Portal The UN-Water SDG 6 Data Portal brings all the United Nations’ water and sanitation information into one place. Designed for decision-makers, advisors, technical professionals, researchers and students, there are tools to help visualize and analyse the information, creating a clear picture of how the world is progressing towards the various SDG 6 targets. SDG 6 Progress Reports Monitoring progress towards SDG 6 helps policy- and decision makers identify challenges and opportunities, set priorities, communicate progress, and generate support and investment. SDG 6 Progress Reports are primarily based on national official data sources, compiled and validated by United Nations custodian agencies. UN System-wide Strategy The first-ever UN System-wide Strategy for Water and Sanitation unites UN support to countries to accelerate progress on water-related goals and targets, including SDG 6. Action on water and sanitation is key to solving many global challenges. The strategy’s vision is a world with accessible, available and sustainably managed water and sanitation for all people and the planet. Spotlight on Top Footer Our Work Country Engagement Regional Level Coordination SDG 6 Integrated Monitoring Initiative SDG 6 Capacity Development Initiative SDG 6 Data Portal SDG 6 Global Acceleration Framework UN System-wide Strategy for Water and Sanitation World Toilet Day World Water Day SDG 6 Indicators 6.1.1 Drinking Water 6.2.1 Sanitation and Hygiene 6.3.1 Wastewater 6.3.2 Water Quality 6.4.1 Water Use Efficiency 6.4.2 Water Stress 6.5.1 Water Management 6.5.2 Transboundary Cooperation 6.6.1 Ecosystems 6.a.1 International Cooperation 6.b.1 Stakeholder Participation Institutional and Cross-Cutting Gender Contextualization Water Facts Climate Change Disasters Ecosystems Financing Food and Energy Gender Handwashing and Hand Hygiene Human Rights Peace Quality and Wastewater Scarcity Transboundary Waters Urbanization WASH Publications Country Acceleration Case Studies Policy and Analytical Briefs SDG 6 Monitoring SDG 6 Progress Reports United Nation System-wide Strategy for Water and Sanitation UN World Water Development Report Events Water and Sanitation Events Calendar Join the conversation: Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Footer A-Z Site Index Contact Copyright Privacy Notice Fraud Alert Terms Of Use