University of the Philippines Diliman University of the Philippines Diliman Search for: Home About Overview Facts at a Glance Faculty Honors About UP Diliman UP Vision and Mission Chancellors Administration Tatak UP Visit UPD The University of the Philippines UP Diliman Environmental Sustainability UP Diliman Data Privacy Portal UP Diliman Quality Assurance Office Academics Academic Calendar Overview Academic Degree-Granting Units Undergraduate Programs Graduate and Postgraduate UP Integrated School Teaching and Learning Centers Office of the University Registrar Research Overview Research in UP Diliman Funding Research Centers Intellectual Property Journals International Publication Award Students Overview The UP Diliman Student Scholarships and Grants Student Accommodation Student Activities Admissions Overview Academic Information First-Year Admission Local Admission Foreign Admission News Research Extension Academe Students Campus Notices Statements University of the Philippines Diliman Home About Overview Facts at a Glance Faculty Honors About UP Diliman UP Vision and Mission Chancellors Administration Tatak UP Visit UPD The University of the Philippines UP Diliman Environmental Sustainability UP Diliman Data Privacy Portal UP Diliman Quality Assurance Office Academics Academic Calendar Overview Academic Degree-Granting Units Undergraduate Programs Graduate and Postgraduate UP Integrated School Teaching and Learning Centers Office of the University Registrar Research Overview Research in UP Diliman Funding Research Centers Intellectual Property Journals International Publication Award Students Overview The UP Diliman Student Scholarships and Grants Student Accommodation Student Activities Admissions Overview Academic Information First-Year Admission Local Admission Foreign Admission News Research Extension Academe Students Campus Notices Statements Search for: University of the Philippines Diliman Search for: Home About Facts at a Glance About UP Diliman UP Vision and Mission Chancellors Administration Tatak UP Visit UPD The University of the Philippines UP Diliman Environmental Sustainability UP Diliman Data Privacy Portal UP Diliman Quality Assurance Office UP Diliman Alumni Relations Academics Academic Calendar Academic Degree-Granting Units Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs UP Integrated School Teaching and Learning Centers Office of the University Registrar Research Research in UP Diliman Funding Research Centers Intellectual Property Journals International Publication Award Students The UP Diliman Student Scholarships and Grants Student Accommodation Student Activities Admissions Academic Information First-Year Admission Local Admission Foreign Admission News Academe Research Students Campus Extension Notices Statements Latest News Nagkakaisa laban sa korapsiyon Campus Sa gitna ng mahigit 50 mga parol at mga mensaheng ipinahihiwatig ng mga ito, nagkaisa ang mga kasapi ng komunidad ng UP Diliman (UPD) sa panawagan nila ngayong UPD Paligsahan at Parada ng mga Parol 2025 (Lantern Parade 2025): panagutin lahat ng mga kurakot. Latest Dúnong journal, now available Research The UP Diliman (UPD) Office of the Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs (OVCSA) launched volume 3 of Dúnong: UPD Journal of Student Research (Dúnong) on Dec. 12 at the Vinzons Hall lobby.



Dúnong Vol. 3 features 13 student research works divided into four categories:… Participants number 300 at IFDIK 2025 Academe Over 160 authors from 20 countries delivered presentations across three conferences at the International Forum on Data, Information and Knowledge for Sustainable and Ethical Societies 2025 (IFDIK 2025). The event, hosted by the UP Diliman (UPD) School of Library and Information Studies (SLIS) in partnership with the… 20th APRU emphasizes disaster risk management Academe Some 90 paper abstracts and 18 posters on disaster risk management and resilience were presented at the 20th Association of Pacific Rim Universities Multi-Hazards Symposium and Conference 2025 (APRU MH20), held from Nov. 26 to 29 at UP Bonifacio Global City (UPBGC), Taguig.



According… 2025 UPD Year-End Program: Abé-abé/Kaisa Campus Ipagdiriwang ngayong Disyembre ng UP Diliman (UPD) ang 2025 Year-End Program na may temang Abé-abé/Kaisa. Ang tema ngayong taon ay hango sa salitang Kapampangan na abé-abé na kung isasalin sa Filipino ay nangangahulugang pagsasama-sama. Pag-iilaw ushers in Christmas season Campus Christmas season officially began in UP Diliman (UPD) on Dec. 5 with the Pag-iilaw para sa Pasko (Pag-iilaw), the annual lighting ceremony that marks the start of celebrations all over the campus.



Following the theme Abé-abé/Kaisa, the Pag-iilaw featured performances by the UP Filipiniana… PhilGEOS 2025: Geomatics for the people Academe Over 200 researchers, professionals, developers, and students, from inside and outside the country gathered at the GT-Toyota Asian Center Auditorium for the Philippine Geomatics Symposium 2025 (PhilGEOS 2025).



Fibæk. Photo by Jefferson Villacruz, UP Diliman… No finals exemption Students Terrence Fortea drilled a three-pointer to propel the UP Fighting Maroons Men’s Basketball Team (UPMBT) to the Finals of the Season 88 University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP) men’s basketball tournament.



Fortea. Photo from the UAAP… More News Latest Dúnong journal, now available Research The UP Diliman (UPD) Office of the Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs (OVCSA) launched volume 3 of Dúnong: UPD Journal of Student Research (Dúnong) on Dec. 12 at the Vinzons Hall lobby.



Dúnong Vol. 3 features 13 student research works divided into four categories:… More Research Saliksik Diwa showcases UPD research, service Extension Continuing the celebration of the Saliksikhay: Diliman Research, Innovation, Development, and Extension Festival 2025, the day-long symposium Saliksik Diwa was held on Nov. 20 at Aldaba Hall, UP Theater. More Extension Upcoming Events more events Publications University of the Philippines Diliman Quezon City, Philippines 1101 +(632) 8981-8500 updio@up.edu.ph Campus Map UP Diliman Telephone Directory This website is managed by the UP Diliman Information Office © 2025 Resources UP Webmail CRS Online iLibrary (Tuklas) UVLe DZUP Online UP Diliman Citizen’s Charter Website Privacy Policy Data Subject Rights and Responsibility UP System UP Baguio UP Cebu UP Los Baños UP Manila UP Mindanao UP Open University UP Visayas This website is managed by the UP Diliman Information Office This website is managed by the UP Diliman Information Office