UltraViewer - The Free Remote Desktop Software Log in ▼ Trang quản trị Language: English Italiano Polskie Tiếng Việt Srpski Bahasa Indonesia Pусский Română Português 正體中文 简体中文 한국어 日本語 ภาษาไท Español Turkish Francais Persian ULTRA VIEWER What's UltraViewer? Download Document Pricing Blog Contact Remote Desktop Software UltraViewer helps you control your partner's computer to support them as if you were sitting in front of their screen. More than 40.000.000 downloads. 100% Freeware Very easy to use Remote control to support your partners. Online education More info Download Download Order Now Remote support so easy Remote control to support your clients / partners from everywhere. Safe remote control UltraViewer is designed to support customer, partner remotely. Your clients can observe all you do on their screen and take control whenever they want. Chat window Conveniently chat with your partner while controlling their machine. You can toggle chat on/off when controlling by press default hotkey F1 or any hotkey you set. Share files You can send and receive files to/ from your partner easily from the chat window. All under the safe control of your partner. Multi-computer You can control multiple computers simultaneously or share your screen with multiple computers. Latest version See new version features and information. Support all versions of Windows Window XP, Window 7, Window 8, Window 10, Window 11, Window Server. Support anywhere Remote control support your partner from anywhere. Now you will not need to visit In the past, before remote control software hadn't been invented, technicians from software companies usually needed to go to customer's premises to support them. This was inconvenience, cost time and money for both customer and supporter. Nowadays, UltraViewer helps you support your clients quickly and remotely, makes your work easier, faster and more convenient. How to remote control a computer You ask your partner to send you the ID and Password displayed on their UltraViewer. Input that ID and Password to your UltraViewer and press 'Connect'. How to allow remote control You run UltraViewer and send ID and Password displayed on your UltraViewer to your partner and require them connect to that ID and Password. Your benefit Saving time Saving effort Saving traffic cost Saving employees cost Support more professional No geographical restriction Are you website's owner? Place affiliate link on your websites. When peoples click on link and buy. Receive 25% commission from us. Receive up to 25% commission Join affiliate Register now! High income per month* By introducing UltraViewer to more peoples Why Choose Us? Ten year experience Cost effective Freely update Easy to install Behind firewall Free support Secure payment Unlimited installation Easy to use Multi-language What people say UltraViewer helps me to remotely support my customer from anywhere in the world. This is a big time saving and greatly increases my sales. - Peter Freelance IT supporter The remote desktop control software UltraViewer has reached a new milestone in terms of global user base. We are constantly working to improve the product to meet users' needs. Please feel free to send us your feedback and suggestions. About UltraViewer UltraViewer is a popular and continually developing free remote desktop control software. We're leading in technology innovation of the global. We will give you the best things to improve your life quality. Product Download Pricing Contact us Term of services Privacy Help How to install How to use How to buy Security Blog Contact us +84 4.7300.9199 support-en@ultraviewer.net sales@ultraviewer.net Report scam Follow us Newsletter Signup Our Clients Partners Terms of Service | Privacy Policy @ Copyright UltraViewer 2025 | All Rights Reserved TM Scroll