Upgraded Points: Maximize Your Points, Miles & Travel Experience News Credit Cards Credit Cards By Issuer Amex Chase Capital One Citi Mastercard Visa All Credit Card Issuers Best Cards By Type Best Cards Travel Airline Hotel Sign Up Bonus Cash Back Zero Interest Lounge Access Luxury Military Car Rental Insurance High Limits Instant Approval All Best Credit Card Guides Credit Card Reviews Amex Platinum Amex Gold Amex Blue Cash Everyday Amex Blue Cash Preferred Amex Centurion Black Card Chase Sapphire Preferred Chase Sapphire Reserve Chase Freedom Unlimited Capital One Venture X Capital One Venture All Credit Card Reviews Popular Guides Comenity Bank Store Credit Cards Amex Minimum Requirements Chase Minimum Requirements Cardmatch Tool Redeem Amex Points Redeem Chase Points Amex Platinum Benefits for Military Amex Card Levels Chase Sapphire Preferred Sign Up Bonus How To Improve Your Credit Score All Credit Card Guides Business Business Credit Cards By Type Best Cards 0% Interest Advertising Startups Independent Contractors High Limits Multiple Employees E-Commerce All Business Credit Card Guides Business Credit Card Reviews Amex Business Platinum Amex Business Gold Amex Blue Business Plus Chase Ink Business Preferred Chase Sapphire Reserve Business Chase Ink Business Unlimited Chase Ink Business Cash Chase Ink Business Premier All Business Credit Card Reviews Popular Business Credit Card Guides Best Amex Business Credit Cards Best Chase Business Credit Cards Points & Miles for Business Owners Top Reasons To Get a Business Credit Card How To Apply for a Small Business Credit Card Chase Ink Business Preferred Bonus Offer Amex Business Platinum Welcome Bonus Offer Amex Business Gold Welcome Bonus Offer All Business Credit Card Guides Travel Airlines Airline Status Match Challenge Carry On Luggage Size Chart Checked Luggage Size Chart How To Upgrade to Business or First Class Best Domestic First and Business Class First Class vs. Business Class All Airline Guides Airport Lounges Admirals Club Lounges American Airlines Flagship Lounges Amex Centurion Airport Lounges Capital One Airport Lounges Chase Sapphire Lounges Delta Sky Club Lounges Priority Pass Lounges United Club Lounges All Airport Guides Hotels Best Websites for Cheap Hotels Best Websites for All Inclusive Vacations Best Marriott Hotels Using Points IHG Hotel Brands Hilton Hotel Brands All Hotel Guides Popular Travel Guides Best Websites for Cheap Flights Travel Packing Checklist & Tips Cruise Guides Car Rental Guides Fly Business or First Class Using Points Flight Delay and Cancellation Compensation Documents Required for Children To Fly All Travel Guides Earn & Use Points Get Started Beginners Guide to Points and Miles Points and Miles for Business Owners Points & Miles Valuations Credit Card Points Amex Membership Rewards Chase Ultimate Rewards Capital One Miles Citi ThankYou Points Bilt Rewards All Credit Card Points Airline Miles American Airlines AAdvantage United Airlines MileagePlus Delta Airlines SkyMiles Southwest Airlines Rapid Rewards All Airline Miles Hotel Points Marriott Bonvoy Hilton Honors Points IHG One Rewards World of Hyatt All Hotel Points Advertiser Disclosure Advertiser Disclosure Many of the credit card offers that appear on this site are from credit card companies from which we may receive financial compensation when a customer clicks on a link, when an application is approved, or when an account is opened. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). However, the credit card information that we publish has been written and evaluated by experts who know these products inside out. We only recommend products we either use ourselves or endorse. This site does not include all credit card companies or all available credit card offers that are on the market. See our advertising policy here where we list advertisers that we work with, and how we make money. You can also review our credit card rating methodology . Close Our Readers Travel Like They Never Thought Possible... Simplifying travel and credit cards. Our expertise makes affordable, unforgettable travel experiences a reality. We’re travelers first. Our team has decades of travel and points expertise. We’ve got you covered. Latest updates across major cards, airlines, hotels, deals and more. Upgrade Your Travel Explore our guides written by leading travel and financial experts. News Credit Cards Business Travel Airlines Hotels Cruises Latest News By Jarrod West - December 30, 2025, 12:13pm CST Last Call To Use the $150 Dell Credit on Your Amex Business Platinum Card By Victoria M. Walker - December 30, 2025, 11:45am CST JetBlue Adds Nonstop Flights Between New York and Cleveland, Launching in Spring 2026 By Ryan Smith - December 30, 2025, 11:39am CST You Can Now Redeem British Airways Avios on QantasLink Flights By Victoria M. Walker - December 30, 2025, 10:31am CST Category 8 Thompson Rome Now Accepting Reservations [From 35K Points!] By Ryan Smith - December 30, 2025, 9:30am CST The Upgraded Points Team’s Favorite Award Redemptions of 2025 By Lori Zaino , Ryan Smith December 30, 2025, 8:54am CST Fly Between the U.S. and Europe From $369 Round-Trip With TAP Air Portugal Sale By Juan Ruiz - December 30, 2025, 8:30am CST Why I Stopped Booking Luxury Marriott Stays Direct (And What I Do Instead) SEE ALL NEWS Top Credit Cards Our experts have first hand experience of 100+ credit cards and have reviewed them in-depth. See all reviews + NEW BENEFITS Platinum Card ® from American Express As High As 175,000 Points. Find Out Your Offer. Incredible premium travel and lifestyle benefits. Terms Apply. NEW OFFER American Express ® Gold Card As High As 100,000 Points. Find Out Your Offer. Earn 4x Membership Rewards points at restaurants and U.S. supermarkets. Terms and limits apply. LAST CHANCE Capital One Venture X Rewards Credit Card Earn 100,000 miles Great all-in-one travel rewards card! Capital One Venture Rewards Credit Card Earn 75,000 miles 2x Miles All the Time ELEVATED WELCOME OFFER The Business Platinum Card ® from American Express Earn 150,000 200,000 points Luxury Benefits and Perks for the Serious Traveler American Express ® Business Gold Card Earn 100,000 points Earn more rewards where your business spends the most LIMITED TIME OFFER Chase Freedom Unlimited ® Earn $300 A Cash-back Competitor NEW OFFER Chase Sapphire Preferred ® Card Earn 60,000 75,000 points The #1 First-Time Travel Rewards Card NEW OFFER Ink Business Preferred ® Credit Card Earn 100,000 points The King of Business Credit Cards Ink Business Unlimited ® Credit Card Earn $750 Unlimited 1.5% Cash-Back for Business Owners See all reviews Latest Credit Card Guides See All Credit Card Guides Credit Cards 15 Things To Do When You Get the Capital One Venture X Card [2025] Credit Cards 14 Things To Do When You Get the Chase Sapphire Preferred Card [2025] Credit Cards Amex Platinum Card vs. The Ritz-Carlton Card [Detailed Comparison] See All Credit Card Guides Travel Hub Uncover a library of knowledge and experience with our travel guides, expertly written by our team who go deep on a wide range of topics including airlines, airports, hotels, car rentals, and more. All Guides Airlines Airports Car Rentals Hotels All Guides Airlines Airports Car Rentals Hotels See all guides Travel Guide Qantas’ New Airbus A321XLR Economy Experience From Brisbane to Sydney [Quick Review] Travel Guides Airlines I Took 31 Flights With LATAM This Year: Here Are the Pros and Cons Airports Full List of Airport Lounges at Salt Lake City International Airport [SLC] Car Rentals The Ultimate Guide to Payless Car Rental [Payless Perks Club Loyalty Program] Hotels What To Expect at the Conrad Washington, DC [Review] Featured Cards See Best Credit Cards ELEVATED WELCOME OFFER The Business Platinum Card ® from American Express Earn 150,000 200,000 points Luxury Benefits and Perks for the Serious Traveler American Express ® Business Gold Card Earn 100,000 points Earn more rewards where your business spends the most NEW OFFER Ink Business Preferred ® Credit Card Earn 100,000 points The King of Business Credit Cards Ink Business Unlimited ® Credit Card Earn $750 Unlimited 1.5% Cash-Back for Business Owners See Best Credit Cards What Our Readers Say MORE TESTIMONIALS UP really make everything easy to understand for beginners, offer excellent in-depth reviews, and teach you how to maximize your points. John Gibson With kids all grown up, I can travel whenever I want and Upgraded Points has helped me do that in style! Peggy Stumler-Newman We love their 'best way to use points/miles' articles as they really show you how to get outsized value out of your points. Andrew Davidson Upgraded Points is my go-to points travel website, I don't think I've seen another website have as many organized guides! Michelle Nguyen Once you spend some time in the Facebook group, ask questions, and get involved, you’ll be in awe of the knowledge these incredibly wonderful people possess. Craig Allen This is truly a great community that is composed of individuals from around the world and their love for traveling. Danyal Gurmani Thank you, Upgraded Points! The comprehensive and thorough information allows all of us to play in the sandbox of credit card rewards and points travel. Roberta Eastman When I searched online and began reading Upgraded Points articles, I was able to get the knowledge needed to be able to book our trips for free using points. Lee Sevidal I turn to Upgraded Points for the latest info on maximizing my points redemption strategies Damian Balinowski MORE TESTIMONIALS As seen in Meet the Team Alex Miller Founder & CEO Founder and CEO of Upgraded Points, Alex is a leader in the industry and has earned and redeemed millions of points and miles. He frequently discusses the award travel industry with CNBC, Fox Business, The New York Times, and more. LEARN MORE Erin Miller Content Contributor An experienced points hacker, Erin is Alex’s partner-in-crime and contributes to Upgraded Points with in-depth guides and relationship management. Erin’s work has been cited in multiple major publications. LEARN MORE Leigh Rowan Director of Special Projects Leigh brings a wealth of travel expertise and connections to the growing UP Team. Leigh has visited over 60 countries, often traveling with his family in premium classes for little more than the cost of an economy ticket. LEARN MORE Kellie Jez Director of Operations Kellie’s professional experience has led her to a deep passion for compliance, data reporting, and process improvement. Kellie’s learned the ins and outs of the points and miles world and leads UP’s compliance operation. LEARN MORE Keri Stooksbury Editor-in-Chief Editing with Upgraded Points for over 6 years, as editor-in-chief, Keri manages the editorial calendar and oversees the efforts of the editing team and over 20 content contributors, reviewing thousands of articles in the process. LEARN MORE Tiffany Eastham Director of Compliance Tiffany first caught the travel bug during a study abroad program in Italy when she was in college. She’s since become an Italian dual-citizen and has returned dozens of times out of pure ( Italian ) joy. Her travel-hacking journey began several years after that initial trip to Italy, but travel credit cards, miles, and points were always the first tools in her travel toolkit. LEARN MORE Stella Shon Senior Features Editor With a degree in media and journalism, Stella has been in the points and miles game for more than 6 years. She most recently worked as a Corporate Communications Analyst for JetBlue. Find her work in The New York Times, USA Today, and more. LEARN MORE Ryan Smith News Managing Editor Ryan completed his goal of visiting every country in the world in December of 2023 and is now revisiting some favorites. Over the years, he’s written about award travel and credit cards for publications like AwardWallet, The Points Guy, USA Today Blueprint, CNBC Select, Tripadvisor, Point.me, and Forbes Advisor. LEARN MORE Nick Ellis Senior Editor & Content Contributor Nick’s passion for points began as a hobby and became a career. He worked for over 5 years at The Points Guy and has contributed to Business Insider and CNN. He has 14 credit cards and continues to leverage the perks of each. LEARN MORE Juan Ruiz Senior Editor & Content Contributor Juan is a leading expert in credit cards, loyalty programs, and airlines and hotels, with over a decade of experience helping readers and clients maximize points, miles, and travel value. His insights have appeared in prestigious outlets including USA Today, Travel & Leisure, CNN Underscored, Forbes, and The Points Guy, where he’s known for making complex travel strategies accessible and actionable. As the founder of JetBetter, Juan turns the complex world of points and miles into effortless, high-value travel, guiding clients through award redemptions, uncovering maximum value, and delivering stress-free, expertly planned trips that both travelers and industry insiders rely on. LEARN MORE Jessica Merritt Senior Editor & Content Contributor A long-time points and miles student, Jessica is the former Personal Finance Managing Editor at U.S. News and World Report and is passionate about helping consumers fund their travels for as little cash as possible. LEARN MORE Chris Hassan Social Media & Brand Manager Chris holds a B.S. in Hospitality and Tourism Management and managed social media for all Marriott properties in South America, making him a perfect fit for UP and its social media channels. He has a passion for making content catered toward family travelers. LEARN MORE Jarrod West Senior Content Contributor Boasting a portfolio of over 20 cards, Jarrod has been an expert in the points and miles space for over 8 years. He earns and redeems over 1 million points per year, and his work has been featured in outlets like The New York Times. LEARN MORE Andrew Kunesh Content Series Lead Andrew was born and raised in the Chicago suburbs but now lives in Queens, New York. LEARN MORE Christine Krzyszton Senior Finance Contributor Christine ran her own business developing and managing insurance and financial services offices. This stoked a passion for points and miles and she now has over 2 dozen credit cards and creates in-depth, detailed content for UP. LEARN MORE Katie Corrigan Seemann Travel Partnerships Manager and Podcast Co-Host Katie has been in the points and miles game since 2015 and started her own blog in 2016. She’s been freelance writing since then, and her work has been featured in publications like Travel + Leisure, LongWeekends Magazine, Forbes Advisor, and Fortune Recommends. LEARN MORE Amar Hussain Senior Content Contributor Amar is an avid traveler and tester of products. He has spent the last 13 years traveling all 7 continents and has put the products to the test on each of them. He has contributed to publications including Forbes, the Huffington Post, and more. LEARN MORE James Larounis Senior Content Contributor James (Jamie) started The Forward Cabin blog to educate readers about points, miles, and loyalty programs. He’s spoken at Princeton University and The New York Times Travel Show and has been quoted in dozens of travel publications. LEARN MORE Daniel Ross Senior Content Contributor Daniel has loved aviation and travel his entire life. He earned a Master of Science in Air Transport Management and has written about travel and aviation in publications like Simple Flying, The Points Guy, and more. LEARN MORE Victoria M. Walker Senior Content Contributor Victoria holds a B.A. in Broadcast Journalism from the Howard University School of Communications and is an award-winning journalist, travel reporter, and the founder of the “Carrying On with Victoria M. Walker” newsletter. LEARN MORE Lori Zaino Senior Content Contributor Lori is an intrepid traveler who loves creating itineraries that exude “luxe on a budget.” She’s written for CNN, NBC, The Infatuation, and Forbes and has taken points-fueled trips to Sri Lanka, Sicily, and Myanmar. LEARN MORE Michael Y. Park Senior Editor and Content Contributor Michael Y. Park is a journalist living in New York City. He’s traveled through Afghanistan disguised as a Hazara Shi’ite, slept with polar bears on the Canadian tundra, picnicked with the king and queen of Malaysia, tramped around organic farms in Cuba, ridden the world’s longest train through the Sahara, and choked down gasoline clams in North Korea. LEARN MORE Ehsan Haque Content Contributor Ehsan is an avid traveler who has traveled to 100 countries, diligently using points and miles to fund his journeys. Currently, he holds 32 active credit cards and earns over a million points and miles annually, primarily using them for luxury hotels and long-haul premium cabins. LEARN MORE Jestan Mendame Compliance Associate After graduating from college, he spent a few months working in the corporate world but quickly realized it wasn’t for him. Working a typical office job inside the four corners of a cubicle from 9 to 5 didn’t suit his adventurous spirit; he wanted a career where work and life were perfectly balanced. Since 2016, he has embraced the life of a digital nomad, making the world his office. He has built a career in social media marketing and blogging for various travel brands, which is also his bread and butter for funding his travel cravings. LEARN MORE Ben Neighbors-Giles Compliance Associate Born in the San Francisco Bay Area and raised in Colorado, Ben has been an avid traveler since infancy. His upbringing emphasized travel to grow as a well-rounded person via many family road trips and other excursions. LEARN MORE Kathryn Schroeder Updates Editor, Credit Cards From credit cards to high-yield savings accounts, debt management and avoidance, CDs, and insurance, Kathryn has or does edit it all, and more. Just don’t expect her to always be at home while working. All she needs is four things — her computer, phone, passport, and wallet — and she can get her work done from anywhere. She does pack clothes, of course, but they’re easily replaceable if anything goes amiss (and she has baggage insurance with two of her credit cards). LEARN MORE Explore Our Top Content Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Credit Card Sign Up Bonus Best Credit Cards for Lounge Access Best Instant Use Credit Cards Best Credit Cards for Military Amex Platinum for Military Credit Card Reviews American Express Platinum Card American Express Gold Card Chase Sapphire Preferred Card Chase Sapphire Reserve Card Chase Freedom Unlimited Card Capital One Venture X Card Business Best Business Credit Cards Chase Business Credit Cards Amex Business Credit Cards 0 APR Business Credit Cards Business Credit Cards for Advertising Business Credit Cards for New Businesses Travel Best Websites for Cheap Flights How to Get a Global Entry Appointment Types of VISA Travel Packing List Flight Delay Compensation Airlines & Airports Compensation for Delayed Flights Carry-on Luggage Size Allowances Capital One Lounges Amex Centurion Lounges REAL ID Act Hotels Best Websites for Cheap Hotels Best Websites for All-Inclusive Resorts Hotel Status Match Challenges Marriott Elite Status Hilton Hotel Brands How We Work Disclaimer: Upgraded Points, LLC and its website, UpgradedPoints.com, provides information on credit cards, reward programs, travel information and ancillary information concerning travel and credit cards. The information provided is for informational purposes only and should not be considered financial, tax or legal advice. Upgraded Points, LLC uses reasonable efforts to maintain accurate information on the site — and prior to applying for any credit card offers found on UpgradedPoints.com, all visitors should review other features of such credit cards including but not limited to interest rates, annual fees and transaction fees, and should determine the suitability of such credit cards considering their own individual financial position. Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the credit card offers that appear on this site are from credit card companies from which we may receive financial compensation when a customer clicks on a link, when an application is approved, or when an account is opened. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). This site does not include all credit card companies or all available credit card offers. For more information on our advertisers and how we make money, see our advertising policy here. In addition, as an Amazon Associate we earn from qualifying purchases. Editorial Disclosure: The content featured on UpgradedPoints.com has not been influenced, provided, or reviewed by the credit card companies mentioned. Any and all options, reviews, comments and analyses are the responsibility of the author(s) and not any Advertiser or credit card issuer. Upgrade your travel experience News Credit Cards Business Finance Travel Guides Air Travel Hotel Guides Beginners About Podcast Jobs & Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy | All Guides | Terms & Conditions | Web Accessibility Policy | Cookie Policy | Press & Mentions © 2025 Upgraded Points™, LLC. All Rights Reserved.