Upgrade - Personal Loans, Cards and Rewards Checking | Home Skip to content open navigation Upgrade Logo Upgrade Logo Upgrade Logo close navigation Upgrade Logo Upgrade Logo Upgrade Logo Personal Loans All Personal Loans Refinance Credit Cards Debt Consolidation Home Improvement Major Purchase Unexpected Expense Upgrade Cards All Upgrade Cards Cash Rewards Life Rewards Upgrade Select OneCard Savings Checking Credit Health Credit Health Monitoring Credit Health & Insights Help Sign In Sign In Rewards Checking Preferred The checking account with cash back Open Account Learn More Up to $250,000 in FDIC or NCUA insurance through Cross River Bank or Participating Institutions. See disclosures below.* borrow up to $50,000 Personal Loans EARN UP TO 3% CASH BACK See All Upgrade Cards PAY NOW OR PAY LATER OneCard earn 3.05% APY Premier Savings up to 2% CASH BACK Rewards Checking Preferred Discover ways to save Auto Refinance Uplift is becoming Flex Pay! Looking to manage your Flex Pay account? We'll get you set up with an Upgrade account soon. For now, continue to make payments here . 7M+ Customers $40B+ Borrowed 50K+ Reviews From Our Customers Trustpilot See more Reviews Manage your Upgrade account on the go We’re here to help! Need Help? Email us at support@upgrade.com Or call us at (844) 319-3909 Monday - Friday, 5:00 AM - 7:00 PM PT Saturday - Sunday, 6:00 AM - 5:00 PM PT Products Personal Loans Upgrade Cards Upgrade OneCard Premier Savings Rewards Checking Preferred Auto Refinance Auto Finance: Customers Auto Finance: Dealers Home Improvement: Contractors Credit Health Company About Us Careers Press Room Reviews Resources Credit Health Insights Help Center Security Accessibility Legal Terms of Use Privacy Do Not Sell or Share Personal Information Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information Upgrade Logo 275 Battery Street, 23rd Floor San Francisco, CA 94111, USA Not for payments. Payment address can be found here. For inquiries, contact us at moc.edargpu null @tcatnoc null Facebook Instagram LinkedIn 1 Rewards Checking Preferred customers who set up monthly Eligible Direct Deposits of at least $1,000 within sixty (60) days after account opening earn 2% cash back on purchases in eligible categories including: convenience stores, drugstores, restaurants and bars (including deliveries), gas stations, utilities (including electric, gas, sanitary and water) and monthly subscriptions (including phone, cable, TV and other streaming services). Excluded purchase categories and excluded recurring payments include, but are not limited to: grocery stores and supermarkets (including affiliated gas stations), travel purchases, medical bills, retailers and online merchants, rent, mortgage, insurance, car payments, or other monthly subscriptions or bills. 2% cash back rewards are limited to $500 in rewards per calendar year ($25,000 in eligible category purchases). Rewards Checking Preferred accounts with less than $1,000 in monthly Eligible Direct Deposits sixty (60) days after account opening will not earn any cash back. To learn about eligible categories, exclusions and other terms please refer to the applicable Upgrade Visa® Debit Card Agreement and Disclosures for more information. 2 Performance Savings accounts that meet the Active Accounts requirements qualify for 3.05% Annual Percentage Yield (APY) with monthly $1,000 direct deposit. The APY for Active Accounts is effective as of October 31, 2025. Otherwise, the APY for the Performance Savings account is 1.5% and is effective as of June 1, 2023. The APY for Performance Savings accounts is variable and may change at any time.  Please refer to the applicable Cross River Bank Performance Savings Deposit Account Agreement and Truth in Savings Disclosure. To earn APY, you must open and fund a Performance Savings account. Rewards Checking Preferred accounts do not earn APY. 3 Early direct deposit requires set up of recurring electronic direct deposit from your employer, payroll, or benefits provider and is limited to direct deposits under $5,000. Early access to direct deposit funds depends on the timing in which we receive notice of impending direct deposit, which is generally up to two days before the scheduled deposit date. 4 You will accrue cash back rewards when you pay eligible purchases back. To get 3% or 2% cash back on your Upgrade OneCard, you must open a Rewards Checking, Rewards Checking Plus, or Rewards Checking Preferred account through Upgrade (“Rewards Checking Account”) and either (i) activate Pay Now Purchases on your OneCard and keep it linked to your Rewards Checking account or (ii) maintain each month a qualifying active Rewards Checking Account as described here . If you meet these conditions, you will accrue 3% cash back for common everyday OneCard purchases at convenience stores, drugstores, restaurants and bars—including deliveries—and gas stations, as well as recurring payments on utilities and monthly subscriptions including phone, cable, TV and other streaming services; you will accrue 2% cash back for all other OneCard purchases. 3% cash back is limited to $500 in rewards per calendar year; after $500, you will accrue 2% cash back. If you do not meet the above conditions, you will accrue 1.5% cash back for all purchases. Get more information on applicable merchant categories . Certain limitations apply. For more information on the Upgrade Cash Back Rewards Program, please see the program’s Terms and Conditions . 5 Pay Now is an optional feature of OneCard that allows you to designate specific purchases or ATM transactions to be automatically paid off the day after the transaction settles. To make use of Pay Now, you must (1) activate the “Pay Now Purchases” setting and tell us which purchase amounts you would like to designate as Pay Now (for example, all purchases of $25 or less) and/or (2) activate the “ATM Access” setting, which will treat all ATM transactions as Pay Now regardless of the transaction amount. If you do not activate ATM Access, any request for an ATM transaction will be declined. Each transaction will be processed as a credit transaction, but while you will not be charged interest on any transactions that you pay off using Pay Now, transactions designated as Pay Later will accrue interest as described in your Personal Credit Line Agreement. Even after you make a purchase or ATM transaction, you may change the designation of that transaction from Pay Now to Pay Later, or vice versa, up until 12pm Pacific Time the day after the transaction settles. Every day at 12pm Pacific Time, we will initiate one-time debits to your designated bank account to pay off the prior day’s settled transactions that were designated as Pay Now. If any debit fails from the primary bank account that is designated in your Pay Now standing authorization, the debit will be initiated from the secondary bank account that is designated (if any) therein. You may cancel a Pay Now payment up until 12pm Pacific Time by simply changing that day’s Pay Now transactions to Pay Later through your Upgrade dashboard or mobile app. If a Pay Now debit is returned by your bank, we will switch the underlying transactions to Pay Later, and those transactions will accrue interest as of the original transaction date. Designating a transaction as Pay Later gives you the flexibility to pay balances back over time with a fixed payment period. 6 You may be granted Extra Spending Power if you have a Rewards Checking, Rewards Checking Plus, or Rewards Checking Preferred account (“Rewards Checking Account”), designate the Rewards Checking Account as the primary source of payments for the Pay Now Purchases feature of your OneCard, maintain a positive available balance in the Rewards Checking Account, and maintain your OneCard and Rewards Checking accounts in good standing. If you meet these conditions, the amount of your Extra Spending Power is generally determined by your Rewards Checking Account balance, with a larger deposit balance generally correlating to a higher Extra Spending Power, up to a maximum of $5,000. The Extra Spending Power supplements your Credit Limit to increase the amount of your Available to Spend for purchases and ATM transactions. We reserve the right to raise or lower the Extra Spending Power maximum from time to time in our sole discretion subject to compliance with applicable law. If you qualify for Extra Spending Power and you make a purchase or ATM transaction that causes your OneCard balance to exceed your Credit Limit, the amount of the transaction that exceeds your Credit Limit will be processed as a Pay Now transaction, even if the total amount of the transaction would otherwise be processed as a Pay Later transaction based on your Pay Now settings. * Checking accounts are insured up to $250,000 in FDIC insurance through Cross River Bank. Deposits to Performance Savings and/or Secured OneCard Savings Accounts are eligible for FDIC and/or NCUA deposit insurance up to $250,000 through Cross River Bank, Member FDIC and Participating Institutions. Learn more about the Custodial Program and Participating Institutions for Performance Savings or Secured OneCard Savings Account. Cross River Bank may place some or all of the funds held in your savings account(s) into an account at one or more other Participating Institutions. Each Participating Institution is either (1) a FDIC-insured depository institution that only covers the failure of insured banks, or (2) a credit union that is eligible for insurance through the NCUA Share Insurance Fund if the credit union fails. Funds are insured up to $250,000 per ownership category and per institution. Certain conditions must be satisfied for FDIC deposit insurance coverage to apply to any funds held at a FDIC-insured depository institution. Upgrade is not a bank and is not FDIC insured. You are responsible for monitoring where your deposits are held (available in your Upgrade dashboard) to determine the extent of FDIC and/ or NCUA insurance coverage available to you. † After acceptance, your funds will be sent within one (1) business day of clearing necessary verifications. Funds availability is dependent upon your bank’s transaction processing time and may take up to 2 weeks if sent directly to third party creditors. Personal loans made through Upgrade feature Annual Percentage Rates (APRs) of 7.74%-35.99% and a 1.85%-9.99% origination fee, which is deducted from the loan proceeds. Lowest rates require Autopay and paying off a portion of existing debt directly. For certain discounts, collateral may be required. Repayment terms from 24 to 84 months. For example, if you receive a $10,000 unsecured loan with a 36-month term and a 17.59% APR (which includes a 13.94% yearly interest rate and a 5% one-time origination fee), you would receive $9,500 and would have a required monthly payment of $341.48. Over the life of the loan, your payments would total $12,293.46. The APR and other terms of your loan may vary and you may not be presented with multiple offers. If offered, your loan terms, including your rate, will depend on credit score, credit usage history, loan amount, and other factors. Late payments or other fees, as noted in your Borrower Agreement, may increase the cost of your fixed rate loan. Certain loan offers may not be available in all states. App Store® is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. Google Play™ and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC. ©2017-2025™, NerdWallet, Inc. All Rights Reserved. ©1995-2025 The Motley Fool. "The Ascent" is owned by the Motley Fool. Copyright 2025 Upgrade, Inc. All rights reserved. All loans, Personal Credit Lines, and checking and savings accounts are provided by Upgrade's bank partners . Upgrade Visa® Cards and Upgrade Visa® Debit Cards are issued by Upgrade's bank partners , pursuant to a license from Visa USA Inc. Upgrade, Inc. (NMLS #1548935) holds the following state licenses and does business under the following DBAs . Upgrade is a financial technology company, not a bank .