Uphold: Buy & Sell Crypto & Metals | Trade Digital Assets | Uphold Individuals Market Learn Transparency Enterprise Login Get started Discover Trade Earn Secure Crypto Better Get the app Discover Crypto Better We give you an edge... Uphold is the platform to discover important new tokens early.* *Past performance does not indicate future results Why? Because we're connected to many underlying trading venues, we support a wide range of cryptoassets and endeavor to support important new tokens earlier than some other platforms. Trade Crypto Better Simple, one-step trading… Uphold is the easiest way to buy and sell cryptocurrency. Unlike any other platform, we allow you to trade in just one step between any supported asset. Earn Crypto Better Put your assets to work... Receive staking rewards of up to ... . Instantly stake and unstake more than 20 digital assets. A uniquely flexible experience, with one of the broadest ranges of assets. Get up to ... APY Start earning Secure Crypto Better Why millions of customers trust Uphold: We have been the pioneers of radical transparency in the crypto space since 2014. Learn more We never loan out customer assets - and we don’t just say it, we prove it. Learn more We publish our assets and liabilities every 30 seconds, on this website , for all to see. Learn more Join Uphold today Get started Individuals Uphold Debit Card Uphold Rewards Uphold Vault UpHODL USD Interest Account Enterprise Topper Optimus debit card App integrations App center Business accounts Listings Institutional Advantages OTC platform Research Team Company Transparency Service fees Affiliate program News and media Brand assets Blog Security Careers Contact us Buy crypto Daily market update Market Learn How to buy DCA calculator Limit orders Cryptionary Help Platform status Support center Legal Referral program terms Developer agreement Cookie policy Disclosures Regulators User Agreement Privacy notice English (Global) Uphold Worldwide Ltd., Reg No.: 177867, Registered Office: Aristo House, Office A, The Balmoral, #78 Sanford Drive, Nassau, Bahamas. Uphold is certified for SOC 2 Type 2, ISO 27001, and PCI DSS, ensuring rigorous control over our information security management systems, data handling, and payment processing practices. Furthermore, we comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and the UK Data Protection Act, underscoring our dedication to protecting the personal data and privacy rights of our global customers. © 2025 Uphold Worldwide Ltd. All rights reserved.