Flex Pay by Upgrade | Buy Now, Pay Later Skip to content open navigation Upgrade Logo Upgrade Logo Upgrade Logo close navigation Upgrade Logo Upgrade Logo Upgrade Logo Personal Loans All Personal Loans Refinance Credit Cards Debt Consolidation Home Improvement Major Purchase Unexpected Expense Upgrade Cards All Upgrade Cards Cash Rewards Life Rewards Upgrade Select OneCard Savings Checking Credit Health Credit Health Monitoring Credit Health & Insights Help Sign In Sign In Uplift is now We'll send you an email when it's time to migrate or merge your account. Until you receive an email, continue to make payments here . Flex Pay by Upgrade Buy Now, Pay Later through Flex Pay Feel good about what you buy and how you pay for it. Low monthly payments Easy application No Flex Pay fees Find a Partner Formerly Uplift. Learn more. Trustpilot Simple, surprise-free monthly payments let you buy now and pay later Make thoughtful purchases now and pay over time through Flex Pay. Fast Easy application and a quick decision. Easy Flexible options and no late or prepayment fees. Convenient For everything from travel to everyday necessities. How Flex Pay works Shopping cart Shopping cart Shop Add items to your cart or itinerary Checkmark Checkmark Choose Flex Pay Select Flex Pay as your payment method Stopwatch Stopwatch Apply Apply and receive your decision in minutes Airplane Airplane Enjoy! Travel or enjoy your purchase now and pay later The best brands trust Flex Pay Flex Pay helps you get the things you need—from last minute travel accommodations to that special purchase Flights Take to the skies and get where you're going the easy way. Cruises See the world in style and comfort on the world's best cruise lines. Hotels & Resorts Plan the perfect getaway to dream destinations and resorts. Retail Get the things you need, from big ticket items to everyday necessities. Browse Partners Become a partner A winning combination to make your sales soar. Become a Partner We Partner With Travel Hospitality Retail Travel Agents Become a Partner FAQ How does Flex Pay work? Flex Pay is very easy to use. Just shop like you normally would. When you are ready to check out, simply select Flex Pay as your payment method. To apply, you'll need to provide some basic information like your mobile number, date of birth, and if you are a US resident, your Social Security Number. If you're approved, just select your offer, finish checking out and you're done. How do I apply? Shop for your items and add them to your cart just like you normally would. When you are ready to check out, simply select Flex Pay as your payment method. To apply, you'll need to provide some basic information like your mobile number, date of birth, and if you are a US resident, your Social Security Number. If you're approved, finish checking out and you're done. Are there any fees? No, there are no additional fees when using Flex Pay when monthly payments are made on time. Who does Flex Pay partner with? Flex Pay partners with the brands you love the most to make it easy to purchase the things that matter most. Browse our partners . Who issues Flex Pay loans? Flex Pay loans are made through Upgrade Inc. and are issued by these lending partners . How are my loan term offers determined? We look at a number of factors, including your credit information, purchase details, and more. Does a loan through Flex Pay have interest? Yes, a loan through Flex Pay may incur interest charges, though there may be interest-free offers available for those who qualify. APRs may range from 0% to 36% and are based on a number of factors including your consumer credit information, purchase details, current loan activity, and more. How do I make installment payments? You can make installment payments by visiting the Upgrade dashboard on desktop or through the Upgrade app. You can also send your check by mail . Can I enjoy my purchase before paying off my loan? Yes! You do need to allow a few days between booking and your departure date for things to process. Other than that, you are free to travel or check in whenever you like—even before you’re all paid off. The same goes for retail purchases. Buyer's Joy in action Trustpilot See More Reviews Upgrade on the go Manage your account with the app Need Help? Email us at customercare@upgrade.com Or call us at (844) 257-5400 Monday - Friday, 5:00 AM - 7:00 PM PT Saturday - Sunday, 6:00 AM - 5:00 PM PT Products Personal Loans Upgrade Cards Upgrade OneCard Premier Savings Rewards Checking Preferred Auto Refinance Auto Finance: Customers Auto Finance: Dealers Home Improvement: Contractors Credit Health Company About Us Careers Press Room Reviews Resources Credit Health Insights Help Center Security Accessibility Legal Terms of Use Privacy Do Not Sell or Share Personal Information Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information Upgrade Logo 275 Battery Street, 23rd Floor San Francisco, CA 94111, USA Not for payments. Payment address can be found here. For inquiries, contact us at moc.edargpu null @tcatnoc null Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Based on a purchase price of $1,500 your payment could be $70, followed by 24 monthly payments of $70 at 15% APR. Down payment may be required. Actual terms are based on your credit score and other factors and may vary. APRs range from 0% to 36%. Minimum purchase may be required. Not everyone is eligible. Loans made through Flex Pay by Upgrade are offered by these lending partners . Privacy Policy . Terms of Use . Flex Pay’s Address: 275 Battery St 23rd floor, San Francisco, CA 94111 Copyright 2025 Upgrade, Inc. All rights reserved. Loans made through Flex Pay (formerly known as Uplift) by Upgrade are provided by these lending partners . Uplift, Inc., (NMLS #1897458) holds the following state licenses . Upgrade, Inc. (NMLS #1548935) holds the following state licenses and does business under the following DBAs . Upgrade is a financial technology company, not a bank .