Free Upload APK File Online & Share Your App Fast and Safely Features FAQs Contact Upload File Sign in Profile Settings Upload and Share Your APK Files with Ease Drag and drop your .APK / .XAPK files here, and you will get a link to download and share Get Started Max File Size 500 MB See what sets upload.app apart Free APK hosting service for Uploading, Downloading apps, and apk host. Free Uploading Enjoy unlimited uploads for free, up to 500MB each file. Extremely Fast Experience Lightning-Fast upload service with our unique technology. Easy Sharing Share via email, link or your social network. Enjoy limitless downloads with no delays. Join our channel to get the latest and most popular games and apps! Join our channel now! Frequently Asked Questions Here are some of the most common frequently asked questions. How to upload and download? Simply click the upload button or drag the file to the upload area to start. Once the upload is successful, you will get a URL (link). Use this link to start downloading the file in a new page. Why is the upload unsuccessful? Please first check whether the file is .APK/XAPK and the file size is under 500MB. If all of the above is met, please try to upload in a stable network condition to avoid failures due to network issues. If you still can't upload successfully after resolving these problems, feel free to leave a message to contact us. How to ensure the downloaded file is safe? As the files are uploaded by users, to ensure that it is safe and secure to download, we use Virustotal which has access to more than 70 security vendors to regularly scan the files and updated versions uploaded to our platform. 
You can view the complete safety report on the download page - if there's no entrance for the safety report, this means the safety scan of this file hasn't been completed.
Meanwhile, if you find any inappropriate software, you can submit the issue to help us remove harmful files as soon as possible. Looking foward to hearing from you All files are uploaded by users. If there is any infringement, please contact us for removal. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding usage or cooperation, please leave your feedback. Full Name Email Subject Question or suggestion IP Infringement Fake apps or version error Coorperation Verification code Any comments? I’m okay with getting emails for further communication. Submit The form has been submitted and we will contact you © 2025 upload.app All rights reserved. Contact Us Acceptable Use Policy Cookie Policy We use our own and third-party cookies on our websites to enhance your experience, analyze traffic, and for security and marketing. For more info, please check the Cookie Policy . Close Accept Upload Your APK Files Upload and share your APK files with ease. Drag an APK/XAPK file here or click the button to upload. You'll get a link to share. Upload Upload Failed Your upload failed due to network errors. Please try again. Reset Cancel The file can be easily shared with anyone by link copy, email, and other methods,  after the uploading complete. Experience Lightning-Fast upload service with our unique technology. To ensure download safety, a security scan will be performed via a third-party tool. The security scan may take some time, and the final scan result can be viewed on the download link page. ⚡ Lightning-Fast upload service is running now... Uploaded Successfully! Share with anyone in any way you like, or just open the download page . ⚡ Please read and agree to the terms of Upload.app service | privacy policy Welcome to Upload.app Check here to indicate that you have read and agree to Upload.app Terms of Service | Privacy Policy