Upscale Digital DSP - Native Ads With Predictive Optimization upscale.digital DSP Launch Process Documentation Ad format How ads will look like Restricted Content What you can't advertise Prohibited practices What not to do How To Install Pixels S2S or img pixel Log in Sign Up Menu Upscale Digital DSP Native Ads with Predictive Optimization Launch campaigns aimed for conversions (lead, sign-up, purchase) and watch algorithm optimize towards set CPA goals. Sign up Pay only for media cost +  15% service charge Personal Account Manager All campaigns are overseen by a trained account manager. Easy Scaling Algorithm detects well-performing patterns and scales your spend accordingly. Zero Coding Required All technologies are built-in and maintained in-house. Global Reach Target any country, device, OS and language. What we do? All Your Ad Campaigns In One Place Upscale Digital DSP is a programmatic platform that enables advertisers to launch and scale advertising campaigns across multiple SSPs via openRTB protocol. Our unique predictive optimization algorithm learns on the run and starts doing it's job after first hours of the campaign being launched. Few of the things our DSP does for you: Optimizes towards CPA goal Determines optimal bid price Filters out ineffective traffic Scales profitable traffic patterns How we do it? Big Tech Doing Small Tasks The predictive optimization technology is a universal technology that implements decision making, planning and decisions (what should we do) based on prediction (what will happen) by means of artificial intelligence (AI). Run by machines Every step of campaign optimization is completely automated. Our DSP makes bid predictions in real-time based on data from the last minute, last month, and even other campaigns. Curated by people Understanding fundamental principles of the technology used is crucial in order to launch a successful campaign, that's why every campaign is managed by one of our staff members so you don't have to be a tech guru to work with us. Big Data We analyze billions of data entries to understand what type of users bring profit to your campaign. Machine Learning We find patterns in your campaign activity to minimize useless ad spend and maximize results. Stay in the know "Let me know when you are out of Beta or have any substantial updates" Upscale Digital DSP is an all in one solution for affiliate marketers and performance agencies who look to automate campaign optimization and scale effortlessly. Helpful Links Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Impressum Contact Us UpscaleDSP OÜ Harju maakond, Tallinn, Kesklinna linnaosa, Kaupmehe tn 7-120, 10114 E-Mail: info@upscale.digital © 2020 - 2026 Upscale Digital. All Rights Reserved.