Upscore - Home Home Product References Blog Contact About us EN DE Login Impressum Terms & Conditions Privacy Upscore GmbH Grimm 8 20457 Hamburg Email: [email protected] Product References Blog Contact About us EN DE Login We
                are Upscore. We bring data and digital
                publishing together, to power editorial teams and media brands. Upscore provides Content-Intelligence through an integrated platform. Data Platform Editorial Tools Content Recommender Dynamic Paywall Flexible Data-Platform A wide range of original data on your content
                    and its usage. Captured in real-time and immediately available. Due to the high level of detail
                    and adaptability of the data, individual perspectives are easily possible. Real-time analytic tools
                    for editorial teams Tailored to the requirements of dynamic
                    publishing teams and hybrid business models. Detailed metrics, content scores and contextual
                    information give you the overview and decision-making tools you need - on how your content is
                    currently being used, what's happening over the course of the day and for long-term analysis. Content Recommendations & Optimisation Powerful tools for optimising the homepage and
                    delivering high-performance content recommendations on any page. Smart algorithms increase the
                    effectiveness of the offer - according to rules that you define. Dynamic Paywall Very flexible management and delivery of a wide
                    range of paywalls, based on real-time usage data. Simple definition of target groups and
                    addressing them without programming effort. Effortless integration into existing system
                    landscapes. More Would you like more information about
                Upscore? Contact The Up Principle Combining journalism, usage data and
            algorithms for more growth The media landscape has changed and the way content
            is published is changing with it. The dominance of digital makes the task of always optimally creating,
            managing and monetising high-quality content the biggest challenge in modern publishing. Our solution is the Up principle: easy access to
            real-time data, analytics tools and optimisation solutions in one integrated platform to drive
            journalistic and business growth in the digital world. All Upscore dashboards and automation algorithms
            work with the same, homogeneous, real-time data. Easy-to-understand interfaces allow staff without deep
            analytic knowledge to work with the information and manage the content proposition across team
            boundaries. As a result, data-informed decisions automatically
            become part of the work culture. Clients Editorial teams of
            different sizes and focus use Upscore, for example: More references Contact Upscore GmbH Grimm 8 20457 Hamburg Email: [email protected] Product Platform Info & Demo References General Blog About us Impressum Terms & Conditions Privacy