Urbit — Leave the internet behind Run Urbit Overview Ecosystem Blog Resources Documentation ↗ Bridge ↗ Network Explorer ↗ Technical Journal ↗ Whitepaper ↗ Overview Ecosystem Blog Run Urbit Self-Hosting Urbit is designed to be run by its users. Self-hosting is the way to get the most complete Urbit experience, giving you full control over your personal server. While Urbit aims to be as simple as caring for a cactus, it does come with the responsibility of knowing how to boot, run, and maintain your instance. Choose from multiple self-hosting options below based on your technical comfort level and requirements. Command line Get Urbit ID CLI Setup Guide The most fundamental way to run urbit is from the command line of a Unix-like host operating system. If you are comfortable running a few commands in your computer's terminal, you can get up and running with your own self-hosted urbit in minutes without the need for additional hardware or subscription services. You will need to get an Urbit ID , or start with a free, ephemeral comet identity, but starting on the command line will help you understand the core basics of running urbit. Start the CLI Read more Native Planet nativeplanet.io Groundseg Native Planet hardware devices are our recommended way of running your urbit. Specifically optimized for running Urbit OS, they come preloaded with Groundseg, an open source software program designed for running and managing Urbit nodes. Along with their Startram service, running your urbit on a Native Planet device gives you the ideal balance of local control of data, low maintenance operation, and streamlined remote access. You can even get started on the command line today, and then easily import your urbit when your device arrives. Buy urbit hardware Read more Cloud Server Cloud Hosting Guide Your urbit is intended to run as a 'personal server': an always-on networked computer. One way to do this is to offload the task of running hardware while you manage the software and retain cryptographic control over your urbit's self-sovereign identity. Running urbit in a datacenter offers benefits around remote access, network reliability, and protections against power failures. If you are already familiar with running cloud services, running urbit is easier then just about anything else out there—and wildly more portable. Follow the guide Read more Hosting Providers While Urbit is designed to be run by its users as simply as caring for a cactus, it's not quite there yet. Some users prefer not to take on the technical burden of self-hosting. Third-party hosting providers can run your Urbit on your behalf while still maintaining many of the ownership characteristics that make Urbit yours. This stands in stark contrast to legacy cloud software where you never truly own your data or identity. Tlon hosting Quickstart Tlon Corporation Tlon Corporation offers free and seamless hosting for your urbit with specific care taken towards a smooth onboarding experience to Tlon Messenger, Urbit's most widely used application. If you are looking to get on the network and have Tlon host your urbit ship, rather than self-hosting it yourself , their mobile friendly onboarding flow takes seconds and allows you to sign up with a phone number or email—no need to deal with crypto wallets until you are ready. Quickstart via Tlon Read more Go Deeper Once you're up and running on Urbit, there's a whole world to explore. Learn about the underlying architecture, discover applications being built on the network, and become part of the community building the future of personal computing. Whether you're interested in using Urbit for communication, development, or just exploring a new paradigm of computing, there are resources and communities ready to help you on your journey. Read the docs Running your Urbit Learn about Urbit There are myriad ways to run your own urbit. Different elements of Urbit ID that may appeal to you, whether you are looking for a Layer 1 or Layer 2 Azimuth identity, yearn for Bitcoin compatibilty, or aren't interested in the blockchain element at all. You may be an experienced software developer who wants to build distributed systems, or perhaps you just want to have a private messaging app that won't exploit your attention. Whoever you are, as long as you are looking for a computing experience you can trust and which aims to last, you'll be sure to find something about Urbit that captures your interest. Read more Read more Get Started with Urbit Quickstart with Tlon Urbit Explained Urbit starts at its core by giving you control over your digital identity with Urbit ID . After taking self-sovereign control over your identity, you can then truly control your data and compute with Urbit OS . Get an Urbit ID Self-Hosting Urbit is designed to be run by its users. Self-hosting is the way to get the most complete Urbit experience, giving you full control over your personal server. While Urbit aims to be as simple as caring for a cactus, it does come with the responsibility of knowing how to boot, run, and maintain your instance. Choose from multiple self-hosting options below based on your technical comfort level and requirements. Command line Get Urbit ID CLI Setup Guide The most fundamental way to run urbit is from the command line of a Unix-like host operating system. If you are comfortable running a few commands in your computer's terminal, you can get up and running with your own self-hosted urbit in minutes without the need for additional hardware or subscription services. You will need to get an Urbit ID , or start with a free, ephemeral comet identity, but starting on the command line will help you understand the core basics of running urbit. Start the CLI Read more Native Planet nativeplanet.io Groundseg Native Planet hardware devices are our recommended way of running your urbit. Specifically optimized for running Urbit OS, they come preloaded with Groundseg, an open source software program designed for running and managing Urbit nodes. Along with their Startram service, running your urbit on a Native Planet device gives you the ideal balance of local control of data, low maintenance operation, and streamlined remote access. You can even get started on the command line today, and then easily import your urbit when your device arrives. Buy urbit hardware Read more Cloud Server Cloud Hosting Guide Your urbit is intended to run as a 'personal server': an always-on networked computer. One way to do this is to offload the task of running hardware while you manage the software and retain cryptographic control over your urbit's self-sovereign identity. Running urbit in a datacenter offers benefits around remote access, network reliability, and protections against power failures. If you are already familiar with running cloud services, running urbit is easier then just about anything else out there—and wildly more portable. Follow the guide Read more Hosting Providers While Urbit is designed to be run by its users as simply as caring for a cactus, it's not quite there yet. Some users prefer not to take on the technical burden of self-hosting. Third-party hosting providers can run your Urbit on your behalf while still maintaining many of the ownership characteristics that make Urbit yours. This stands in stark contrast to legacy cloud software where you never truly own your data or identity. Tlon hosting Quickstart Tlon Corporation Tlon Corporation offers free and seamless hosting for your urbit with specific care taken towards a smooth onboarding experience to Tlon Messenger, Urbit's most widely used application. If you are looking to get on the network and have Tlon host your urbit ship, rather than self-hosting it yourself , their mobile friendly onboarding flow takes seconds and allows you to sign up with a phone number or email—no need to deal with crypto wallets until you are ready. Quickstart via Tlon Read more Go Deeper Once you're up and running on Urbit, there's a whole world to explore. Learn about the underlying architecture, discover applications being built on the network, and become part of the community building the future of personal computing. Whether you're interested in using Urbit for communication, development, or just exploring a new paradigm of computing, there are resources and communities ready to help you on your journey. Read the docs Running your Urbit Learn about Urbit There are myriad ways to run your own urbit. Different elements of Urbit ID that may appeal to you, whether you are looking for a Layer 1 or Layer 2 Azimuth identity, yearn for Bitcoin compatibilty, or aren't interested in the blockchain element at all. You may be an experienced software developer who wants to build distributed systems, or perhaps you just want to have a private messaging app that won't exploit your attention. Whoever you are, as long as you are looking for a computing experience you can trust and which aims to last, you'll be sure to find something about Urbit that captures your interest. Read more Read more Docs Bridge Network Explorer Technical Journal Whitepaper Resources Contact Overview Ecosystem Blog Run Urbit Overview Ecosystem Blog Run Urbit Docs Bridge Network Explorer Technical Journal Whitepaper Resources Contact Self-Hosting Urbit is designed to be run by its users. Self-hosting is the way to get the most complete Urbit experience, giving you full control over your personal server. While Urbit aims to be as simple as caring for a cactus, it does come with the responsibility of knowing how to boot, run, and maintain your instance. Choose from multiple self-hosting options below based on your technical comfort level and requirements. Command line Get Urbit ID CLI Setup Guide The most fundamental way to run urbit is from the command line of a Unix-like host operating system. If you are comfortable running a few commands in your computer's terminal, you can get up and running with your own self-hosted urbit in minutes without the need for additional hardware or subscription services. You will need to get an Urbit ID , or start with a free, ephemeral comet identity, but starting on the command line will help you understand the core basics of running urbit. Start the CLI Read more Native Planet nativeplanet.io Groundseg Native Planet hardware devices are our recommended way of running your urbit. Specifically optimized for running Urbit OS, they come preloaded with Groundseg, an open source software program designed for running and managing Urbit nodes. Along with their Startram service, running your urbit on a Native Planet device gives you the ideal balance of local control of data, low maintenance operation, and streamlined remote access. You can even get started on the command line today, and then easily import your urbit when your device arrives. Buy urbit hardware Read more Cloud Server Cloud Hosting Guide Your urbit is intended to run as a 'personal server': an always-on networked computer. One way to do this is to offload the task of running hardware while you manage the software and retain cryptographic control over your urbit's self-sovereign identity. Running urbit in a datacenter offers benefits around remote access, network reliability, and protections against power failures. If you are already familiar with running cloud services, running urbit is easier then just about anything else out there—and wildly more portable. Follow the guide Read more Hosting Providers While Urbit is designed to be run by its users as simply as caring for a cactus, it's not quite there yet. Some users prefer not to take on the technical burden of self-hosting. Third-party hosting providers can run your Urbit on your behalf while still maintaining many of the ownership characteristics that make Urbit yours. This stands in stark contrast to legacy cloud software where you never truly own your data or identity. Tlon hosting Quickstart Tlon Corporation Tlon Corporation offers free and seamless hosting for your urbit with specific care taken towards a smooth onboarding experience to Tlon Messenger, Urbit's most widely used application. If you are looking to get on the network and have Tlon host your urbit ship, rather than self-hosting it yourself , their mobile friendly onboarding flow takes seconds and allows you to sign up with a phone number or email—no need to deal with crypto wallets until you are ready. Quickstart via Tlon Read more Go Deeper Once you're up and running on Urbit, there's a whole world to explore. Learn about the underlying architecture, discover applications being built on the network, and become part of the community building the future of personal computing. Whether you're interested in using Urbit for communication, development, or just exploring a new paradigm of computing, there are resources and communities ready to help you on your journey. Read the docs Running your Urbit Learn about Urbit There are myriad ways to run your own urbit. Different elements of Urbit ID that may appeal to you, whether you are looking for a Layer 1 or Layer 2 Azimuth identity, yearn for Bitcoin compatibilty, or aren't interested in the blockchain element at all. You may be an experienced software developer who wants to build distributed systems, or perhaps you just want to have a private messaging app that won't exploit your attention. Whoever you are, as long as you are looking for a computing experience you can trust and which aims to last, you'll be sure to find something about Urbit that captures your interest. Read more Read more Get Started with Urbit Quickstart with Tlon Urbit Explained Urbit starts at its core by giving you control over your digital identity with Urbit ID . After taking self-sovereign control over your identity, you can then truly control your data and compute with Urbit OS . Get an Urbit ID Self-Hosting Urbit is designed to be run by its users. Self-hosting is the way to get the most complete Urbit experience, giving you full control over your personal server. While Urbit aims to be as simple as caring for a cactus, it does come with the responsibility of knowing how to boot, run, and maintain your instance. Choose from multiple self-hosting options below based on your technical comfort level and requirements. Command line Get Urbit ID CLI Setup Guide The most fundamental way to run urbit is from the command line of a Unix-like host operating system. If you are comfortable running a few commands in your computer's terminal, you can get up and running with your own self-hosted urbit in minutes without the need for additional hardware or subscription services. You will need to get an Urbit ID , or start with a free, ephemeral comet identity, but starting on the command line will help you understand the core basics of running urbit. Start the CLI Read more Native Planet nativeplanet.io Groundseg Native Planet hardware devices are our recommended way of running your urbit. Specifically optimized for running Urbit OS, they come preloaded with Groundseg, an open source software program designed for running and managing Urbit nodes. Along with their Startram service, running your urbit on a Native Planet device gives you the ideal balance of local control of data, low maintenance operation, and streamlined remote access. You can even get started on the command line today, and then easily import your urbit when your device arrives. Buy urbit hardware Read more Cloud Server Cloud Hosting Guide Your urbit is intended to run as a 'personal server': an always-on networked computer. One way to do this is to offload the task of running hardware while you manage the software and retain cryptographic control over your urbit's self-sovereign identity. Running urbit in a datacenter offers benefits around remote access, network reliability, and protections against power failures. If you are already familiar with running cloud services, running urbit is easier then just about anything else out there—and wildly more portable. Follow the guide Read more Hosting Providers While Urbit is designed to be run by its users as simply as caring for a cactus, it's not quite there yet. Some users prefer not to take on the technical burden of self-hosting. Third-party hosting providers can run your Urbit on your behalf while still maintaining many of the ownership characteristics that make Urbit yours. This stands in stark contrast to legacy cloud software where you never truly own your data or identity. Tlon hosting Quickstart Tlon Corporation Tlon Corporation offers free and seamless hosting for your urbit with specific care taken towards a smooth onboarding experience to Tlon Messenger, Urbit's most widely used application. If you are looking to get on the network and have Tlon host your urbit ship, rather than self-hosting it yourself , their mobile friendly onboarding flow takes seconds and allows you to sign up with a phone number or email—no need to deal with crypto wallets until you are ready. Quickstart via Tlon Read more Go Deeper Once you're up and running on Urbit, there's a whole world to explore. Learn about the underlying architecture, discover applications being built on the network, and become part of the community building the future of personal computing. Whether you're interested in using Urbit for communication, development, or just exploring a new paradigm of computing, there are resources and communities ready to help you on your journey. Read the docs Running your Urbit Learn about Urbit There are myriad ways to run your own urbit. Different elements of Urbit ID that may appeal to you, whether you are looking for a Layer 1 or Layer 2 Azimuth identity, yearn for Bitcoin compatibilty, or aren't interested in the blockchain element at all. You may be an experienced software developer who wants to build distributed systems, or perhaps you just want to have a private messaging app that won't exploit your attention. Whoever you are, as long as you are looking for a computing experience you can trust and which aims to last, you'll be sure to find something about Urbit that captures your interest. Read more Read more