University of Regina Skip to main content Students Faculty & Staff Alumni & Friends Give Choose Language Translation University of Regina Logo Close Navigation About U of R Impact About the U of R Leadership Facts & Statistics Faculties Federated Colleges Sustainability Dr. John Archer Library and Archives Contact Us Careers Campus Maps Admissions The Value of a U of R Degree Admissions How to Apply Costs and Aid Tuition and Fees Funding Your Education Study Programs Academic Calendar Class Search Registration and Advising Faculties Early Start English as a Second Language (ESL) Online and Flexible Options Personal Interest Professional Development Work Experience Campus Life Apply Experience U of R Indigenous Connection Centre for Kinesiology and Sport Cougars Athletics Regina Rams Football Food Services Housing Services Hospitality Services IS Service Desk Parking Services Protective Services Campus Store Research Discover our Research Research Services, Partnerships, and Innovation Indigenous Engagement Our Commitment to Truth and Reconciliation Office of Indigenous Engagement Indigenous Engagement Strategic Plan Indigenous Connection Community Events Camps and Youth Inspiring Leadership Forum Apply Resources For: Adult Students Alumni Students Faculty & Staff Giving Graduate Students HS Students Indigenous Students International Students Transfer Students Choose Language Translation Go Search Trigger Navigation University of Regina Logo Apply Apply Explore Programs Program type Certificate (1 - 2 Years) Diploma (2 Years) Bachelor's Degree Graduate Certificate Master's Degree Doctorate Degree After Degree (2 Years) Pre-professional Studies English as a Second Language (ESL) Camps and Youth Programs Personal Interest Pathway Professional Development Select Degree Type Go Spotlight Happy Holidays and a Happy New Year! Thank you to the University of Regina campus community—and to our alumni, donors, and friends near and far—for a remarkable 2025! Together, we accomplished so much. As we head into the holidays, we invite you to enjoy a new take on a classic holiday song in this year’s U of R holiday video. Wishing all a joyful winter break and an exciting year ahead! Apply to the U of R Visit Us! Request More Information Explore Your Future With Us Find Your Path to Success We understand learning is a journey. Let us help you find the programming, flexibility, and support to shape your education around what matters most to you. High School Students International Students Transfer Students Graduate Students Adult Learners Indigenous Students Top Resources Student Central UR Self Service UR Courses Academic Calendars Our Strengths Partners in Truth and Reconciliation We believe that through continuous learning we can strengthen relationships with Indigenous peoples, their communities, and their institutions. We are committed to reconciliation and believe that by listening we can learn and by learning we can grow. We demonstrate this commitment by incorporating Indigenous ways into our research, teaching, and learning. We aspire to walk together with our Indigenous partners, so that we may build a stronger, more inclusive future. Indigenous Engagement Health and Wellness We believe that to be truly successful, one must be healthy in all ways. Our commitment to health and well-being is demonstrated through the programs we teach, the research we conduct, and the supports we offer. We understand that wellness encompasses physical, mental, environmental, and spiritual well-being, and provide opportunities for our students to find fulfillment in all ways. We are committed to building a healthier future, which we demonstrate through our nationally recognized wellness programming and world-class research. Student Wellness Hands-on Learning We believe there is no better teacher than experience. This belief led us to pioneer the first co-operative education program in Western Canada more than half a century ago. Our history of providing hands-on learning opportunities has given our institution decades of insight, allowing us to fine-tune our programs and offerings so that students reap the rewards in the real world. Our students enjoy plentiful opportunities to gain experience in both paid and volunteer positions, resulting in career-ready graduates who find work fast. Centre for Experiential Learning Growing and Learning Together A Celebration of Canadian Football The 60 th Vanier Cup was held on an unusually warm November 22 afternoon at Mosaic Stadium in front of almost 9,000 passionate fans. Hosted for the first time in Regina, the event proved to be a landmark moment in university football history. The championship showdown ended with the Montreal Carabins edging out the Saskatchewan Huskies 30-16, earning their second U SPORTS national title in three years. View the Photo Gallery Research and Discovery Our faculty and student researchers share a desire to understand and influence the world. With 10 Canadian research chairs and 21 research centres and institutes, we currently lead Canadian comprehensive universities in research impact and international research collaboration. Join a community of learners, innovators, and leaders. Explore big ideas, connect with new perspectives, and be inspired to help build a better tomorrow — together. Discover Research Excellence Campus Life U of R has one of the most modern, well-maintained, and inviting campuses in Canada. Major revitalization projects in 2025 are bringing new life to the AdHum Pit, a beloved campus hub, as well as expanded food services and dining areas with greater focus on healthy, sustainable choices. Students, faculty, and staff enjoy walking, biking, and paddling in the gorgeous Wascana Centre, one of the largest urban parks in North America. Explore Campus Life U of R News Read More Stories Campus Events See All Events See All Events University of Regina Logo Search U of R Search Ready to Discover the U of R ? Let's get you started! Apply Visit Request Info Not Students Academic Calendars Accessibility Hub Campus Store (Bookstore) Dr. John Archer Library and Archives Housing IS Service Desk (formerly IT Support) Mental Wellness Hub Outlook (email) Registration Search Classes Student Wellness Centre UR Community UR Courses UR Self-Service Faculty & Staff Campus Store (Bookstore) Centre for Teaching and Learning Directories Dr. John Archer Library and Archives IS Service Desk (formerly IT Support) UR Self-Service UR Source Alumni Alumni Events Degrees Magazine Stay Connected UR Linked Transcripts Parents & Supporters Information for Parents & Supporters Value of a U of R Degree High School Counsellors Application Guide and Admission Requirements Information for High School Counsellors Community Camps Cougars & Rams Calendar Facility Rentals - Centre for Kinesiology, Health & Sport Foodservices Hospitality Services Inspiring Leadership Forum Parking Protective Services U Prairie Challenge The University of Regina and its federated colleges are on Treaty 4 and Treaty 6, the territories of the nêhiyawak, Anihšināpēk, Dakota, Lakota, and Nakoda peoples, and the homeland of the Michif/Métis nation. University of Regina Logo Newsroom Careers Contact U of R Campus Maps Policies Privacy & Terms of Use Student Central UR Source Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube TikTok © 2025 University of Regina We use cookies to give you the best website experience. By continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to the Web Privacy and Terms of Use and our use of cookies. You can find out more about our use of cookies in our Web Privacy and Terms of Use . OK, I agree