URJ | Union for Reform Judaism Skip to main content ReformJudaism.org Union for Reform Judaism Religious Action Center What We Believe What is Reform Judaism? Values, Vision, & Mission Ethics Accountability Position Statements What We Do Creating Vibrant Congregations & Communities Social Justice Communities of Belonging The URJ & Israel Jewish Travel Shaping Our Jewish Future Conferences & Events Who We Are Leadership & Governance Joining the URJ The Reform Movement History Finances & Annual Reports Careers Press Room Ethics Code Find a Congregation Find a Congregation Legacy Giving Calendar Subscribe Search Donate Image: URJ Biennial 2026: Pre-Sale Registration Now Open! On December 10–13, 2026 in Philadelphia we'll gather as a Movement for an unforgettable four-day immersive experience. Secure your spot now and be part of the Reform Movement’s largest and most impactful gathering. Image: Match Deadline: December 31 Give by the end of the year to have your generosity TRIPLED to support the initiatives that nurture Reform Jewish identity, strengthen congregations and communities, and foster a more just world. Image: Small But Mighty Reform Congregations Small congregations show that connection is what defines the Reform Movement's strength. Image: Ethics Accountability The safety of every person in our community is our sacred moral responsibility. This is, and always will be, our highest priority. Learn how to report incidents of harassment, abuse, or misconduct to the URJ or other Reform movement institutions. Press Releases Featured Image: Image: Rabbi Jonah Pesner Responds to U.S. Coast Guard Decision on Swastika Classification December 17, 2025 The following letter was sent to Admiral Kevin E. Lunday, Acting Commandant, U.S. Coast Guard, from Rabbi Jonah Dov Pesner, in response to a policy change that the U.S. Coast Guard would no longer classify the swastika as a hate symbol. Featured Image: Image: Statement by Rabbi Rick Jacobs on the Antisemitic Attack at Sydney’s Bondi Beach Menorah Lighting December 14, 2025 Good morning, everyone. Just a few hours ago, as members of the Sydney Jewish community and others gathered for a community menorah lighting ceremony on Bondi Beach, two gunman brutally murdered at least 12 people and injured many others. This was a targeted, horrific antisemitic attack. It chills our souls. It was meant not just to cause harm to the Australian Jewish community but to Jews Featured Image: Image: Reform Jewish Leaders’ Statement on the Anti-Zionist Protest at New York’s Park East Synagogue November 21, 2025 As we prepare to welcome Shabbat, we are carrying the pain and trauma of the vile slogans chanted outside Manhattan's Park East synagogue on Wednesday night. View All Press Releases What's New Image: Honoring Transgender and Nonbinary Community Members’ Infinite Value November 17, 2025 With the dignity and rights of transgender people being publicly attacked, the Commission on Social Action understood the urgent need to act quickly and provide a collection of resources for all members of the Reform community. Image: Making Our Communities Truly Accessible: Beyond Good Intentions November 7, 2025 How your community can move beyond good intentions and become a space of belonging for all. Image: A Movement United: Reflections from the World Zionist Congress November 6, 2025 Reform leaders united in Israel to advocate for justice, inclusion, and shared values everywhere. View More This Week's Torah Portion Image: Vayechi וַיְחִי [Jacob] Lived Jacob lived in the land of Egypt for 17 years; Jacob's days--the years of his life--were 147. - Genesis 47:28 Torah Genesis 47:28–50:26 Haftarah I Kings 2:1-12 When January 3, 2026 / 14 Tevet 5786 Learn More Next Week's Torah Portion Sh'mot Names שְׁמוֹת Learn More Find a Congregation or Community Find community, learning, and spirituality at a welcoming Reform congregation or community near you. Search the Directory Find a Summer Camp At the URJ's 14 regional and specialty camps, young people learn invaluable skills while having an unforgettable time, all inspired by Reform Jewish values. Find a Camp More Congregational Resources Image: URJ Marketplace An exclusive benefit for our member congregations and their leaders. From tailored services and proprietary URJ content to trusted vendors, the URJ Marketplace offers solutions you won't find anywhere else. Image: JHR: Manage Human Resources with Ease and Expertise At JHR, we integrate Jewish values with organizational health and employee well-being to become your trusted Human Resources (HR) partner. Image: The URJ-ADL Partnership to Combat Antisemitism and Hate The URJ has joined with the Anti-Defamation League to provide congregations and individuals with tools to respond to acts of antisemitism and hate in their communities. Give to the URJ Support Reform Jewish Communities through the URJ. Your gift directly supports initiatives that nurture our communities, foster resilience, and build a more just world. Donate Now Get Updates from the URJ Subscribe to Inside Leadership , the URJ's email newsletter for congregational leaders. First Name Last Name Email Address Questions? Image: Email URJ1800@URJ.org or call 855-URJ-1800 to connect Learn More Become a Leader Image: HUC-JIR is the academic, spiritual, and professional leadership development center of Reform Judaism. Learn More The Tent Image: Connect with other lay and professional Jewish leaders. Learn More Careers Image: Find career opportunities at the URJ. Learn More Email Signup First Name Last Name Email Address About URJ Blog Careers Congregational Services The Tent Marketplace Contact Us Privacy Statement & Terms of Use 2025 Union for Reform Judaism Our Other Sites Association of Reform Zionists of America (ARZA) ARZA Canada Reform Jewish Community of Canada Women of Reform Judaism Men of Reform Judaism All Reform Movement Sites 2025 Union for Reform Judaism Match Deadline: December 31 Give by the end of the year to have your generosity TRIPLED to support the initiatives that nurture Reform Jewish identity, strengthen congregations and communities, and foster a more just world. 3x Match: Give Now Search