Deep Links That Open Apps: Amazon, TikTok, YouTube, Instagram | URLgenius Solutions Creator Solutions Work faster and smarter Affiliate Solutions Increase commissions Marketplace Seller Solutions Increase social media revenue App Linking Instantly create deep links for any app Deferred Deep Linking Increase installs and re-engagement QR Codes Create web and app deep linking QR codes Smart App Banners Increase organic app installs Pricing Resources Best Practices & Case Studies Insights and real world cases Get Started for Free Login Start Free Trial Solutions Creator Solutions Affiliates Solutions Marketplace Seller Solutions App Linking Deferred Deep Linking QR Codes Smart App Banners Resources Best Practices Pricing Login You’re in Good Company The Leader in Codeless App Linking. No SDK Required. Linking to apps from social media, text messaging and QR codes has never been easier! Whether you're linking to e-commerce apps like Amazon or Walmart or linking to your own brand's app, test, implement and deploy app deep links record time. Need app support? Contact us. Driving Results for Creators, Sellers, and Apps The preferred app linking platform for marketers and brands around the world $8B+ Commerce +300% Conversion +67% AOV "I love the platform!  I love how simple it is to create and organize app links and I saw results so fast!  Plus, URLgenius is a strategic TikTok agency which is important to me." Julianna "I was an affiliate marketing skeptic but then very quickly I multiplied my commissions and features like Trending Links were a game changer for me." KariAnne "We tried other platforms but went back to URLgenius because we like the interface and their approach to service and support. Love the new features!" AnnMarie and Anne "I didn’t know anything about app deep links when I started but I saw the results immediately. The support team is excellent and the platform is so easy to use!" D'Anna "I used the platform for the first time leading up to Prime Day and wow I was shocked at the results!  I made 9x more revenue compared to my previous Prime Day." Tara "I recommended URLgenius to any influencer looking to earn more from their work.  The technology is easy to use from creating links to reporting." Leslie Results in Action See how brands and agencies are transforming their strategies and achieving success. Intelligent, Fast, and Flexible Tools The capabilities you need to create and manage your app links plus automation tools that help you earn more from every click. draw CREATORS Work smarter, faster, and earn more Get industry leading app linking plus intelligent automation tools for creators. Save time and earn more commissions with Amazon, TikTok Shop and other retailers. Explore More store MARKETPLACE SELLERS Multiply and measure revenue from social media Multiply and measure revenue from social media. Link directly to your Amazon marketplace listings from social media ads and measure results. Explore More app_shortcut APP MARKETERS Measure installs and attribution without SDKs Link to specific screens in your mobile app and get control of the fallback URL when the app is not installed. Explore More monetization_on AFFILIATES Earn more from your current efforts. Optimize and scale your app linking efforts with advanced app linking automation for any channel. Explore More Fresh Perspectives Thoughts, tips, and updates to keep you ahead of the curve Why URLgenius Helps Creators Earn More (And Why Cheaper Tools Quietly Shrink Your Commissions) Creators don’t need a technical breakdown of deep linking. What they do need is a clear, intuitive understanding of why URLgenius consistently delivers higher earnings, often with the same content, same audience, and same posting habits.

This post explains that story in a simple way, following the real chain of events that determines whether you get paid. Read Automatically Optimize Sales from TikTok Link-in-Bio If you’re a creator or brand using TikTok to drive traffic and commissions, you already know the power of the link in your bio. But did you know there’s a way to make those links work even harder for you? With URLgenius’s Advanced Routing and the TikTok Link in Bio setting, you can turn casual profile visits into seamless conversions—no extra steps, no lost opportunities. Read Why Creators Need Visibility into their Deep Links (and Why URLgenius is the Only Platform That Gives it to You) “You shouldn't have to cross your fingers and hope your link works. With URLgenius, you can see it, verify it, and correct it anytime.”

This is what professionalizing creator tech looks like, and it’s why URLgenius creators consistently earn more. Read How to Maximize Global Amazon Conversion with Geo-Routing App Links URLgenius Multi-Language Geo-Routing lets you easily create a single, intelligent app link that automatically opens the Amazon app to the right country screen and language setting for each visitor. This means a seamless shopping experience for your audience, higher conversion rates, and happy customers that will be more likely to engage with you and your brand. From Side Hustle to Commerce OmniFluencer The 2025 Creator Trend Index reveals how full-time creators are evolving into small businesses — and what defines the Commerce OmniFluencer. Creators start with casual posting that goes viral, then secure brand partnerships then have multi-stream incomes across social platforms and marketing channels. The URLgenius Marketplace - Now Live in the Creator App! The Marketplace is live in the URLgenius Creator App and ready to help you discover, promote, and earn more. Marketplace is your one-stop-location for the best and highest commission deals for influencers. Use the Creator app to create app links quickly, leverage filters to find the best products, and track performance with the Marketplace Dashboard. With the biggest shopping season approaching, the URLgenius Marketplace gives you the tools to turn insights into action — and every recommendation into a high-revenue opportunity. AI Becomes the Creator’s Co-Pilot Discover how AI is transforming creator businesses. The 2025 URLgenius Creator Trend Index shows a 131% rise in AI adoption among creators, revealing how automation drives income, scalability, and smarter workflows.

<hr>

Check out these additional links:

- [Read the Full 2025 Creator Trend Index Report](https://gamma.app/docs/2025-URLgenius-Creator-Trend-Index-The-Rise-Of-The-Commerce-OmniF-1w4y0ju9znt33hl?mode=doc "2025 Creator Trend Index Report")
- [How Instant App Linking Works](https://app.urlgeni.us/blog/dynamic-app-linking-marketplaces-amazon-walmart-target "URLgenius Instant App Linking") Turn Searches into Sales: How the URLgenius Marketplace Maximizes Your Affiliate Earnings Affiliate marketing is booming — Amazon alone paid out over $3 billion in commissions last year to creators and publishers. Whether you’re driving high earnings through affiliate marketing or just getting started in the influencer world, the URLgenius Marketplace can help you reach the next level — and __stop leaving commissions on the table__ you may have not known were there.

The Marketplace was built to help you earn more, search smarter and save time, all while capitalizing on the same kind of content you’re already creating. Why Creators Should Stop Using Multiple Linking Platforms (and Stick with URLgenius) As the original app deep linking platform, we’ve seen what happens when creators spread themselves thin—and we’ve built tools that solve those exact problems. We’re known for being nimble when the ecosystem shifts, quickly updating our service so your links keep working without disruption.

From reliable Amazon affiliate deep linking to detailed tagging and organization, URLgenius keeps everything in one place so you can focus on what actually grows your business: engaging your audience and earning more. Firebase + Free QR Codes: The Hidden Cost of “Free” Tools When QR codes and deep links are essential to your mobile customer experience, they deserve proper investment. Free tools can be useful for testing or limited campaigns, but relying on them for mission-critical customer touch points is risky.

The biggest hidden cost? Lost visibility and control. Free tools like Firebase Dynamic Links and server-based QR generators don’t provide robust attribution or long-term reliability. When those services fail or shut down, not only do your links break -- you also lose the ability to measure installs, engagement, and campaign ROI. The Smartest Replacement for Firebase Dynamic Links? Your Own Domain. When Google announced the deprecation of Firebase Dynamic Links (FDL), app teams were left scrambling. For years, Firebase made it easy to create app links without managing infrastructure -- until those links stopped working.

Most platforms vying to replace Firebase give you branded-looking links -- but those links are still hosted on their infrastructure, under their domain. That means your app is still dependent on a third party for critical routing behavior. 

Read the full blog post to find out how you can control your linking experience and fully avoid long-term platform risk with URLgenius. Why Your Facebook & Instagram Posts Are Getting Fewer Views As platforms evolve, the creators who succeed won’t be the ones chasing algorithms — they’ll be the ones who build a system. A repeatable, data-driven, performance-minded approach to sharing what they love.

That includes everything from which posts to boost -- to how you structure your content and links. Many creators are also shifting to more branded experiences -- using custom domains with URLgenius to reinforce trust, consistency, and discoverability across platforms.

We’re here to help you build that system. Why Creators Are Switching to URLgenius from Other App Linking Solutions At first glance, a free link tool might seem like a smart move. It promises quick setup, simple app opens, and maybe even some basic stats -- all without hitting your budget. But as creators grow, so do their needs. And that’s where free tools start to fall short. URLgenius was built for creators who want more than the basics. Every day, creators are making the switch because they’re ready to grow their audience, boost their commissions, and unlock real performance -- without hidden tradeoffs. FDL QR Code Risk Assessment Template Did you know that QR codes that use Firebase Dynamic Links will stop working on August 25, 2025?  Use this template to audit your brand’s QR code placements and evaluate their exposure to Firebase Dynamic Links (FDL) deprecation. Many teams used free QR tools with FDLs in semi-permanent materials—this helps you prioritize and plan replacements. FDL Testing Template for QA Teams If you're one of the 81% of teams who depend on Firebase for mobile linking, you're likely asking what will break and is there an easier replacement option that doesn’t require integrating yet another SDK? This testing template will help you organize your team's actions and testing plan to avoid disruption in your content journeys. FDL Migration Checklist: Deep Link Audit & Transition Planning If you're one of the 81% of teams who depend on Firebase for mobile linking, you're likely asking what will break and is there an easier replacement option that doesn’t require integrating yet another SDK? This checklist will help you organize everything you need to consider to avoid disruption in your content journeys and how to implement an SDK-free solution. The FDL Exit Plan: A Practical Guide to Replacing Firebase Dynamic Links Without SDKs On August 2025, Google will officially deprecate Firebase Dynamic Links (FDL), leaving thousands of apps and marketers scrambling to find a replacement. If you're one of the 81% of teams who depend on Firebase for mobile linking, you're likely asking what will break and is there an easier replacement option that doesn’t require integrating yet another SDK? This guide is your roadmap to  success and to migrating to an Firebase Dynamic Links alternative without SDKs. The Countdown to Firebase Dynamic Links Deprecation: How Companies Are Preparing for the Change August 25, 2025, Google will officially deprecate Firebase Dynamic Links (FDL), a tool relied upon by countless mobile teams for deep linking, deferred linking, and user acquisition flows. To better understand how the industry is responding, URLgenius conducted a comprehensive survey of mobile marketers and mobile app developers. The result is our __2025 Mobile App Linking Readiness Report__—a first-of-its-kind look into how organizations are evaluating alternatives to FDL, what they consider most important in a replacement, and where they see gaps in the market. Less Scrolling, More Earning: AI-Powered Product Discovery in the URLgenius Marketplace Our goal has always been simple: to help creators maximize their earning potential. Now that new AI search and recommendation tools have dropped in the URLgenius Marketplace, finding the right products to promote has never been easier or more efficient. The URLgenius Marketplace offers access to over 300,000 Amazon products from popular brands, with payouts typically 3 times higher than average affiliate commissions and even more.

Read on to learn how AI Marketplace Search and AI Marketplace Recommendations can help you take product discovery to the next level. Why Your Facebook Ads Aren’t Converting — And It’s Not Your Targeting Strategy If your Facebook ads are underperforming or you're seeing clicks but little data in Google Analytics, the problem could be Meta’s in-app browser. Learn how browser deep linking can fix lost conversions, improve tracking, and boost ad ROI.

Browser app deep linking is easy with platforms like URLgenius and your marketing team has full control over the links which are fully privacy-compliant. And not to worry SDKs are not required. What Is an In-App Browser — and How Does It Kill Your Ad ROI? You may be running brilliant creative. You may be targeting the perfect audience. But if your links open in an in-app browser, you’re likely losing visibility, trust and ROI.

Read the full article to learn the fix for this issue, and how to ensure your links behave. How Opening Meta Ad Links in Safari Helped a Global Fashion Brand Regain 90% of Lost Mobile Traffic With tighter budgets and higher stakes, brands need to make every click count. If your social ad traffic isn’t showing up in analytics, the in-app browser is likely to blame. 

URLgenius helps brands regain control over mobile link behavior — improving tracking, attribution,  and results. This post explains the problem and the fix when it comes to passing Google Analytics UTM tracking tags from social media campaigns. Enterprise Uptime, Creator Ready: Why URLgenius Outperforms Lower Priced  App Deep Linking Platforms Why do creators, brands and agencies choose URLgenius over other lesser priced solutions. The answer reliabiilty. In digital marketing, your links are more than just a click—they’re revenue, reputation, and reach. Whether you’re a global brand or an independent creator, downtime isn’t just inconvenient—it’s expensive. Read on to learn more. Creators Tap AI Superpowers to Thrive in a Changing Economy, Finds New URLgenius Survey This National Creator Day, URLgenius is shining a bright light on the hustle, heart, and high-tech savvy of today's creators with the release of our latest Creator Lightning Survey. The headline? A whopping 59% of creators are now teaming up with AI to turbocharge their workflows, boost earnings, and outsmart an economy where more than half of full-time creators are feeling the pinch from slower consumer spending. 5 Ways Ecommerce Creators Can Diversify Their Income If you're only doing brand deal, the potential to command sizable fees for such work might have initially attracted you to become an influencer. But just as most wannabe actors who head to Hollywood don’t become stars, most influencers don’t make a living exclusively from big-name brand deals. Getting started as an ecommernce influencer gives you complete control over which products to promote. Here are some tips to get started. Ready to take your reach to the next level? Elevate your online presence with smart linking solutions that connect you directly to your
      audience. It's time to grow your brand and make every click count. Get Started Contact Sales No credit card required Popular Social Apps to Deep Link Into and Make QR Codes For TikTok Instagram Facebook Twitter Snapchat Pinterest LinkedIn Telegram Facebook Messenger WhatsApp WeChat Weibo QQ Instagram : Instagram on iOS and Android supports deep linking and QR codes for the following app page types: Personal Profile Camera Home Profile TV Tag To make a Instagram deep link or QR code use the URL scheme instagram:// Facebook : Facebook on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Event Group Profile Newswire Page Profile Company Event Company Page Photos Company Page To make a Facebook deep link or QR code use the URL scheme fb:// Twitter : Twitter on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Search Profile Hashtag Share Status To make a Twitter deep link or QR code use the URL scheme twitter:// Snapchat : Snapchat on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To generate a Snapchat deep link or QR code use the URL scheme snapchat:// TikTok : TikTok on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Profile Video To generate a TikTok deep link or QR code use the URL scheme snssdk1233:// Pinterest : Pinterest on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Profile To generate a Pinterest deep link or QR code use the URL scheme pinterest:// LinkedIn : LinkedIn on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Company Profile To generate a LinkedIn deep link or QR code use the URL scheme voyager:// Telegram : Telegram on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home Join Chat Messenger To make a Telegram deep link or QR code use the URL scheme tg:// Facebook Messenger : Facebook Messenger on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: m.me Messenger To make a Facebook Messenger deep link or QR code use the URL scheme fb-messenger-public:// WhatsApp : WhatsApp on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a WhatsApp deep link or QR code use the URL scheme whatsapp:// WeChat : WeChat on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a WeChat deep link or QR code use the URL scheme wechat:// Weibo : Weibo on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Weibo deep link or QR code use the URL scheme weibo:// QQ : QQ on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a QQ deep link or QR code use the URL scheme mqq:// Popular Shopping Apps to Deep Link Into and Make QR Codes For Amazon Walmart Target Best Buy Ebay Flipkart Home Depot HSN Overstock Kohls REI Rent The Runway Etsy Aliexpress Shoppiday Taobao Bonobos Bol Macy's Amazon : Amazon on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Category Product To make a Amazon deep link or QR code use the URL scheme com.amazon.mobile.shopping.web:// Walmart : Walmart on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Search Product Home To make a Walmart deep link or QR code use the URL scheme walmart:// Target : Target on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home Product Category To make a Target deep link or QR code use the URL scheme target:// Best Buy : Best Buy on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Best Buy deep link or QR code use the URL scheme bestbuy:// Ebay : Ebay on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Ebay deep link or QR code use the URL scheme ebay:// Flipkart : Flipkart on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Flipkart deep link or QR code use the URL scheme https:// Home Depot : Home Depot on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home Category Product To make a Home Depot deep link or QR code use the URL scheme homedepot:// HSN : HSN on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home Product Department Category To make a HSN deep link or QR code use the URL scheme hsnapp:// Overstock : Overstock on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Sub Category Product Department Category Home Flash Deals To make a Overstock deep link or QR code use the URL scheme ostk:// Kohls : Kohls on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Kohls deep link or QR code use the URL scheme kohlsapp:// REI : REI on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Brand Product Category Home To make a REI deep link or QR code use the URL scheme rei:// Rent The Runway : Rent The Runway on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Rent The Runway deep link or QR code use the URL scheme rtr:// Etsy : Etsy on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home Category Listing Shop To make a Etsy deep link or QR code use the URL scheme etsy:// Aliexpress : Aliexpress on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Aliexpress deep link or QR code use the URL scheme aliexpress:// Shoppiday : Shoppiday on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Shoppiday deep link or QR code use the URL scheme shoppiday:// Taobao : Taobao on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Taobao deep link or QR code use the URL scheme taobao:// Bonobos : Bonobos on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Bonobos deep link or QR code use the URL scheme bonobos:// Bol : Bol on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Bol deep link or QR code use the URL scheme bolcom:// Macy's : Macy's on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Macy's deep link or QR code use the URL scheme com.macys.mobile:// Popular Music Apps to Deep Link Into and Make QR Codes For Apple Music Google Play Music Amazon Music Spotify Pandora YouTube Music iHeartRadio SoundCloud Shazam Mixcloud Tidal Music Streaming Viber Fizy Deezer Genius: Song Lyrics & More AXS Tickets Apple Music : Apple Music on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Apple Music deep link or QR code use the URL scheme intent:// Google Play Music : Google Play Music on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Google Play Music deep link or QR code use the URL scheme intent:// Amazon Music : Amazon Music on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Amazon Music deep link or QR code use the URL scheme amznmp3:// Spotify : Spotify on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Album Show Artist Home Episode Playlist Track To make a Spotify deep link or QR code use the URL scheme spotify:// Pandora : Pandora on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Pandora deep link or QR code use the URL scheme pandora:// YouTube Music : YouTube Music on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a YouTube Music deep link or QR code use the URL scheme youtubemusic:// iHeartRadio : iHeartRadio on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a iHeartRadio deep link or QR code use the URL scheme iheartradio:// SoundCloud : SoundCloud on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a SoundCloud deep link or QR code use the URL scheme soundcloud:// Shazam : Shazam on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Shazam deep link or QR code use the URL scheme shazam:// Mixcloud : Mixcloud on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Mixcloud deep link or QR code use the URL scheme mc:// Tidal Music Streaming : Tidal Music Streaming on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Tidal Music Streaming deep link or QR code use the URL scheme tidal:// Viber : Viber on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Viber deep link or QR code use the URL scheme viber:// Fizy : Fizy on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Fizy deep link or QR code use the URL scheme fizy:// Deezer : Deezer on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Deezer deep link or QR code use the URL scheme deezer:// Genius: Song Lyrics & More : Genius: Song Lyrics & More on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Genius: Song Lyrics & More deep link or QR code use the URL scheme genius:// AXS Tickets : AXS Tickets on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a AXS Tickets deep link or QR code use the URL scheme axsmobile:// Popular Entertainment Apps to Deep Link Into and Make QR Codes For Youtube Netflix HBO GO ABC Live Vimeo Hulu Fandango Nickelodeon EOnline Redbox Vevo Eventbrite JibJab Disney+ Youtube : Youtube on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Video Channel Profile To make a Youtube deep link or QR code use the URL scheme vnd.youtube:// Netflix : Netflix on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Netflix deep link or QR code use the URL scheme nflx:// HBO GO : HBO GO on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a HBO GO deep link or QR code use the URL scheme hbogo:// ABC Live : ABC Live on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home Vimeo : Vimeo on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Video To make a Vimeo deep link or QR code use the URL scheme vimeo:// Hulu : Hulu on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Hulu deep link or QR code use the URL scheme hulu:// Fandango : Fandango on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home Home To make a Fandango deep link or QR code use the URL scheme fandango:// Nickelodeon : Nickelodeon on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Nickelodeon deep link or QR code use the URL scheme nickapp:// EOnline : EOnline on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a EOnline deep link or QR code use the URL scheme eonline:// Redbox : Redbox on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Redbox deep link or QR code use the URL scheme rbapp:// Vevo : Vevo on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Vevo deep link or QR code use the URL scheme vevo:// Eventbrite : Eventbrite on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Eventbrite deep link or QR code use the URL scheme com-eventbrite-attendee:// JibJab : JibJab on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home Template To make a JibJab deep link or QR code use the URL scheme com.jibjab.messages:// Disney+ : Disney+ on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Movie Series Watchlist Originals To make a Disney+ deep link or QR code use the URL scheme disneyplus:// Popular Business Apps to Deep Link Into and Make QR Codes For Google Docs Google Sheets Excel Sharepoint Slack Zoom Cloud Meetings Cisco Webex ADP Mobile Solutions Workday Wrike Behance Swych Blackberry Access Google Docs : Google Docs on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Google Docs deep link or QR code use the URL scheme googledocs:// Google Sheets : Google Sheets on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Google Sheets deep link or QR code use the URL scheme googlesheets:// Excel : Excel on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Excel deep link or QR code use the URL scheme ms-excel:// Sharepoint : Sharepoint on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Sharepoint deep link or QR code use the URL scheme ms-sharepoint:// Slack : Slack on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Slack deep link or QR code use the URL scheme slack:// Zoom Cloud Meetings : Zoom Cloud Meetings on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Zoom Cloud Meetings deep link or QR code use the URL scheme zoomus:// Cisco Webex : Cisco Webex on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Cisco Webex deep link or QR code use the URL scheme wbx:// ADP Mobile Solutions : ADP Mobile Solutions on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a ADP Mobile Solutions deep link or QR code use the URL scheme adpmobile:// Workday : Workday on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Workday deep link or QR code use the URL scheme workday+https:// Wrike : Wrike on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Wrike deep link or QR code use the URL scheme wrikeapp:// Behance : Behance on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Project Home Profile To make a Behance deep link or QR code use the URL scheme behance:// Swych : Swych on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Swych deep link or QR code use the URL scheme swych:// Blackberry Access : Blackberry Access on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Blackberry Access deep link or QR code use the URL scheme blackberry:// Popular Food & Drink Apps to Deep Link Into and Make QR Codes For Yelp DoorDash Uber Eats GrubHub Starbucks Blue Apron Dominos Pizza Hut Drizly Postmates Tasty Chipotle Yelp : Yelp on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Review Profile To make a Yelp deep link or QR code use the URL scheme yelp:// DoorDash : DoorDash on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a DoorDash deep link or QR code use the URL scheme doordash:// Uber Eats : Uber Eats on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Uber Eats deep link or QR code use the URL scheme ubereats:// GrubHub : GrubHub on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a GrubHub deep link or QR code use the URL scheme grubhub:// Starbucks : Starbucks on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Starbucks deep link or QR code use the URL scheme starbucks:// Blue Apron : Blue Apron on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Blue Apron deep link or QR code use the URL scheme blueapron:// Dominos : Dominos on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Dominos deep link or QR code use the URL scheme dominospizza:// Pizza Hut : Pizza Hut on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Pizza Hut deep link or QR code use the URL scheme pizzahut:// Drizly : Drizly on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home Home To make a Drizly deep link or QR code use the URL scheme drizly:// Postmates : Postmates on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Postmates deep link or QR code use the URL scheme postmates:// Tasty : Tasty on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Tasty deep link or QR code use the URL scheme tasty:// Chipotle : Chipotle on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Chipotle deep link or QR code use the URL scheme cmg:// Popular Travel Apps to Deep Link Into and Make QR Codes For Google Places Airbnb TripAdvisor Uber Lyft Klook United Airlines Marriott Bonvoy My Disney Experience ParkWhiz Spot Hero Ford Pass New York Subway Map XO by JetSmarter Google Places : Google Places on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Places To make a Google Places deep link or QR code use the URL scheme comgooglemapsurl:// Airbnb : Airbnb on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Airbnb deep link or QR code use the URL scheme airbnb:// TripAdvisor : TripAdvisor on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Hotel Review Home Restaurant Review Hotel Review US User Review To make a TripAdvisor deep link or QR code use the URL scheme https:// Uber : Uber on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Uber deep link or QR code use the URL scheme uber:// Lyft : Lyft on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Lyft deep link or QR code use the URL scheme lyft:// Klook : Klook on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Klook deep link or QR code use the URL scheme klook:// United Airlines : United Airlines on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a United Airlines deep link or QR code use the URL scheme ualmobile:// Marriott Bonvoy : Marriott Bonvoy on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Hotel Page To make a Marriott Bonvoy deep link or QR code use the URL scheme intent:// My Disney Experience : My Disney Experience on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a My Disney Experience deep link or QR code use the URL scheme mdx:// ParkWhiz : ParkWhiz on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a ParkWhiz deep link or QR code use the URL scheme parkwhiz:// Spot Hero : Spot Hero on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Spot Hero deep link or QR code use the URL scheme spothero:// Ford Pass : Ford Pass on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Ford Pass deep link or QR code use the URL scheme fordapp:// New York Subway Map : New York Subway Map on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a New York Subway Map deep link or QR code use the URL scheme tagmanager.c.uk.co.mxdata.NewYorkSubwayMap:// XO by JetSmarter : XO by JetSmarter on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a XO by JetSmarter deep link or QR code use the URL scheme jetsmarter:// Popular Utilities Apps to Deep Link Into and Make QR Codes For My AT&T My Verizon T-Mobile My Sprint My Consumer Cellular My AT&T : My AT&T on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a My AT&T deep link or QR code use the URL scheme com.att.myatt:// My Verizon : My Verizon on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a My Verizon deep link or QR code use the URL scheme mvm:// T-Mobile : T-Mobile on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a T-Mobile deep link or QR code use the URL scheme tmoapp:// My Sprint : My Sprint on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a My Sprint deep link or QR code use the URL scheme mysprint:// My Consumer Cellular : My Consumer Cellular on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a My Consumer Cellular deep link or QR code use the URL scheme mycc:// Popular News Apps to Deep Link Into and Make QR Codes For USA Today NY Times Wall Street Journal Washington Post NPR Nat Geo BBC News CNBC Time Sports Illustrated New Yorker Magazine Reddit USA Today : USA Today on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a USA Today deep link or QR code use the URL scheme usatoday:// NY Times : NY Times on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a NY Times deep link or QR code use the URL scheme nytimes:// Wall Street Journal : Wall Street Journal on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Wall Street Journal deep link or QR code use the URL scheme wsj:// Washington Post : Washington Post on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: All To make a Washington Post deep link or QR code use the URL scheme washpost:// NPR : NPR on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a NPR deep link or QR code use the URL scheme nprnews:// Nat Geo : Nat Geo on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Nat Geo deep link or QR code use the URL scheme natgeo:// BBC News : BBC News on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: All To make a BBC News deep link or QR code use the URL scheme intent:// CNBC : CNBC on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: All To make a CNBC deep link or QR code use the URL scheme cnbctrending:// Time : Time on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Time deep link or QR code use the URL scheme timeus:// Sports Illustrated : Sports Illustrated on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Sports Illustrated deep link or QR code use the URL scheme bdh:// New Yorker Magazine : New Yorker Magazine on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a New Yorker Magazine deep link or QR code use the URL scheme com.condenet.newyorker:// Reddit : Reddit on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: All To make a Reddit deep link or QR code use the URL scheme intent:// Popular Finance Apps to Deep Link Into and Make QR Codes For American Express Bank of America Capital One Credit Karma Discover Mobile Wells Fargo Venmo Square Paypal Cash App American Express : American Express on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a American Express deep link or QR code use the URL scheme amexapp:// Bank of America : Bank of America on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Bank of America deep link or QR code use the URL scheme bofa:// Capital One : Capital One on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Capital One deep link or QR code use the URL scheme capitalone:// Credit Karma : Credit Karma on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Credit Karma deep link or QR code use the URL scheme creditkarma:// Discover Mobile : Discover Mobile on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Discover Mobile deep link or QR code use the URL scheme discovermobile:// Wells Fargo : Wells Fargo on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Wells Fargo deep link or QR code use the URL scheme intent:// Venmo : Venmo on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home User To make a Venmo deep link or QR code use the URL scheme intent:// Square : Square on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Square deep link or QR code use the URL scheme square-register:// PayPal : PayPal on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a PayPal deep link or QR code use the URL scheme paypal:// Cash App : Cash App on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To create a Cash App deep link or QR code use the URL scheme cash.app:// Popular Medical Apps to Deep Link Into and Make QR Codes For MyChart Anthem Anywhere Doctor On Demand Mayo Clinic Good RX Flo Period Pregnancy Plus MyChart : MyChart on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: To create a MyChart deep link or QR code use the URL scheme epicmychart:// Anthem Anywhere : Anthem Anywhere on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To create a Anthem Anywhere deep link or QR code use the URL scheme intent:// Doctor On Demand : Doctor On Demand on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To create a Doctor On Demand deep link or QR code use the URL scheme doctorondemand:// Mayo Clinic : Mayo Clinic on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To create a Mayo Clinic deep link or QR code use the URL scheme intent:// Good RX : Good RX on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To create a Good RX deep link or QR code use the URL scheme goodrx:// Flo Period : Flo Period on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To create a Flo Period deep link or QR code use the URL scheme flo:// Pregnancy Plus : Pregnancy Plus on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To create a Pregnancy Plus deep link or QR code use the URL scheme pregplus:// Popular Lifestyle Apps to Deep Link Into and Make QR Codes For Amazon Alexa Nest Ecobee Home Advisor Angie's List Houzz Zillow Trulia Apartments.com Abodo Amazon Alexa : Amazon Alexa on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To create a Amazon Alexa deep link or QR code use the URL scheme alexa:// Nest : Nest on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To create a Nest deep link or QR code use the URL scheme nestmobile:// Ecobee : Ecobee on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To create a Ecobee deep link or QR code use the URL scheme ecobee:// Home Advisor : Home Advisor on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To create a Home Advisor deep link or QR code use the URL scheme homeadvisor:// Angie's List : Angie's List on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To create a Angie's List deep link or QR code use the URL scheme angieslist:// Houzz : Houzz on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home Zillow : Zillow on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: All To create a Zillow deep link or QR code use the URL scheme intent:// Trulia : Trulia on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To create a Trulia deep link or QR code use the URL scheme trulia:// Apartments.com : Apartments.com on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To create a Apartments.com deep link or QR code use the URL scheme com.apartments.www:// Abodo : Abodo on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To create a Abodo deep links or QR code use the URL scheme abodo:// Popular Books & Reference Apps to Deep Link Into and Make QR Codes For HOOKED Nook Goodreads Google Translate Urban Dictionary Bible Olive Tree Bible HOOKED : HOOKED on iOS and Android supports deep linking into the following app page types: Home To create a HOOKED deep link use the URL scheme hooked:// Nook : Nook on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Nook deep link or QR code use the URL scheme nook:// Goodreads : Goodreads on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Profile To make a Goodreads deep link or QR code use the URL scheme com.goodreads:// Google Translate : Google Translate on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Google Translate deep link or QR code use the URL scheme googletranslate:// Urban Dictionary : Urban Dictionary on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make an Urban Dictionary deep link or QR code use the URL scheme com.urbandictionary.iphone:// Bible : Bible on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make a Bible deep link or QR code use the URL scheme youversion:// Olive Tree Bible : Olive Tree Bible on iOS and Android supports deep links and QR codes for the following app page types: Home To make an Olive Tree Bible deep link or QR code use the URL scheme biblereader:// Thank you for a great product! URLgenius makes my work SO much easier and more productive. - Social Media Manager I love URLgenius! It makes it SO much easier for my FOLLOWERS to become SUBSCRIBERS! - YouTube Marketer I get subscribers, likes and comments faster. I recommend URLgenius to all my friends! - YouTube Marketer You can use URLgenius to create deep links into Facebook profiles, groups, reviews, events, and more... - Social Marketing Strategist You can use URLgenius to create deep links into Instagram profiles, pictures, hashtags, IGTV, and more… - Social Marketing Strategist You can use URLgenius to create deep links into YouTube profiles, channels, videos, and more… - Social Marketing Strategist URLgenius: you've been such a big help to me and other people too! Keep up the good work! - YouTube Marketer It opens in the Canva app!!! OMG!! This is so amazing!! I'm a customer for life! Thank you!! - Designer, Social Media Consultant URLgenius exceeded our expectations, delivering between 250% - 450% increased conversion. The platform is now a key part of our strategy. - Paid Social Director, Global Brand I needed a clean way of deep linking my Facebook group to my clients from inside Manychat. URLgenius worked beautifully! - Facebook Marketer, Manychat User URLgenius has helped 2x our Amazon conversion - it makes the customer journey easier, and provides experiences that produce more sales. - Amazon Marketer, Agency CEO You can use URLgenius to create deep links into Messenger, Telegram profiles; Snapchat profiles, and more… - Social Marketing Strategist It's so GREAT being able to link directly to Instagram accounts - without the weird in-app browser experience! - Social Media Director, Cosmetics Brand Gotta say, URLgenius: your team honestly has some of the BEST customer service ever! - Software Engineer, Social Marketer URLgenius helped us gain 16% more YouTube subscribers on a monthly basis - delivering MORE streams and engagement for our Artists. - Record Label, Social Marketer Our digital team is very pleased with URLgenius and the KPIs obtained - including 35% higher follower conversion rates on large scale campaigns. - Social Media Director, Fashion Brand We love URLgenius and have rolled out the platform as a permanent part of our email marketing strategy. - Email Marketer Social pro tip: Use URLgenius to create links that open the native app on a user's device ... NOT in a mobile browser logged out! - Social Marketing Strategist The URLgenius platform is amazing - I'm a customer for life! Thank you so much!! - Graphic Designer We deployed URLgenius links in our email campaign and results were immediate - thousands more Snapchat followers in our first use! - Email Marketer, Snapchat Marketer I’m extremely happy with my URLgenius results! My conversion rate has gone from 40% to 65% when linking from Instagram into Spotify. - Musician, Social Media Marketer URLgenius lets us deeplink users from social media into our app - resulting in more opportunities for purchases, retention, and engagement. - App Marketer, Social Media Director Without URLgenius, we'd have to detect a user's OS, prepend intent schemes, and handle situations where the Amazon app isn't installed. - App Developer, Amazon Marketer After only two days, I'm MORE than convinced on the value of URLgenius. Thank you! - Content Creator, YouTube Marketer As a bot builder, if I want to send someone into an app, I use URLgenius. It's so easy ... I don't have to do anything. It's kind of ridiculous! - Chatbot Marketer, Strategist Solutions App Linking Deferred Deep Linking QR Codes Marketplace Sellers Influencers & Affiliates Resources Pricing Developer API Blog FAQs Deeplink Tester Company Privacy Contact Terms Of Service Follow us Facebook Instagram Youtube LinkedIn Copyright 2025 Pure Oxygen Labs. All rights reserved