Product
Solutions
Resources
Enterprise
Pricing
Product Overview
Learn about the AI-powered SurveyMonkey platform
Surveys
Collect actionable feedback for any use case
Forms
Seamless event registrations, payments, and more
Market Research
Market, industry, and buyer insights in just a few clicks
FEATURES
New at SurveyMonkey
Explore the latest product updates and feature releases
AI
Create surveys in seconds and spot insights fast
Integrations
200+ apps to connect with your favorite business tools
Research Panel
Reach an audience of 335M+ people in over 130 countries
Admin and Security
Flexible admin controls, data protection, and compliance features
See all features
POPULAR TEMPLATES
Customer Satisfaction Survey
RSVP and Contact Information Survey
360-Degree Employee Evaluation Survey
Event Registration Form
See all 400+ templates
USE CASES
Employee Feedback
Boost engagement with critical insights from employees
Customer Satisfaction
Measure how satisfied customers are with your product or service
Event Feedback
Listen to attendees to make sure every event hits the mark
Registration Forms
Create online forms to easily collect RSVPs, payments, and more
Market Research
Get insights from your target audience in as little as an hour
Net Promoter Score
Discover what delights customers and create more brand advocates
See more use cases
ROLES
Marketing
Customer Experience
Human Resources
IT
See more roles
INDUSTRIES
Technology
Healthcare
Professional Services
Consumer Goods
See more industries
LEARN
Research and Insights
Our original research on key business trends
Webinars and Events
Live virtual events and on-demand webinars
Best Practices
Articles to help you get the most out of surveys and forms
Customer Stories
How top brands drive growth with SurveyMonkey
Resource Center
Helpful guides and more from SurveyMonkey
Blog
Latest news and tips for using SurveyMonkey products and features
Trust Center
Our industry-leading security, compliance, and privacy practices
SUPPORT
Help Center
Get documentation, tutorials, and help by product
State of Surveys 2025
Learn how mobile is driving key survey design trends and more
Learn more
Contact Sales
Log in
Sign up free
Put customer experience at the heart of your business

Get the insights you need to delight and retain customers, and drive revenue growth with SurveyMonkey.

Get started
Explore plans

Trusted by 260K+ organizations worldwide

Why choose SurveyMonkey for CX?
Power your strategy with one platform to manage CX

With our flexible platform, it’s easy to drive action across product, marketing, and more to deliver real business value.

Get insights with speed and confidence

Start getting customer insights in days, not months with templates and intuitive analysis features.

Bring all your tools and insights together

Save time and make customer insights actionable by connecting SurveyMonkey with the tools you use everyday.

Measure, analyze, and close CX gaps

Easily benchmark customer experience using Net Promoter Score (NPS®) and Customer Satisfaction Score (CSAT) programs. Integrate data into 200+ business systems, including Salesforce, Marketo, and Tableau.

Listen to your customers to deliver exceptional experiences

Build and scale your voice of the customer (VOC) research to understand what’s working and opportunities to act. Empower teams across your organization to capture, analyze, and act on customer insights.

Create products and services customers love

Test product concepts and feature ideas with your target audience. Capture product feedback throughout the development lifecycle to drive adoption.

Some of the ways SurveyMonkey can help you improve the customer experience
NPS programs

Measure how customers perceive your brand through relational and transactional NPS.

Learn more

Customer satisfaction

Measure customer satisfaction after key interactions to pinpoint areas for improvement.

Learn more

Customer effort score

Use customer effort score (CES) insights to improve processes and minimize costly repeat interactions.

View template

Customer service feedback

Evaluate customer support interactions and act on issues faster.

View template

Website feedback

Survey your user base on security, design, and more to create digital experiences that delight.

View template

Event feedback

Create experiences that attract attendees and keep them coming back with pre- and post-event feedback.

Learn more

Product development

Pressure test and optimize your products to drive ROI and customer loyalty.

Learn more

Market research

Get insights from your target audience in minutes with SurveyMonkey Audience.

Learn more

Purchase feedback

Measure purchase satisfaction to help reduce friction in the buying process.

View template

Choose the plan that works for you
Basic

Always free

Sign up free

Create unlimited surveys or forms with 10 questions each and collect up to 25 responses per survey.

Individual Advantage
₩45,750

/ month

₩549,000 billed annually

See all features

Create unlimited surveys or forms with unlimited questions and collect up to 15K responses per year.

Team Advantage
₩36,000

per user / month

Starting at 3 users, billed annually

See all features

Create unlimited surveys or forms with unlimited questions and collect up to 50K responses per year.

Need an enterprise-grade solution?

SurveyMonkey Enterprise provides additional features like IT administration, SSO, user controls and permissions, HIPAA compliance and more.

Business email *
Phone number *
Country *
United States
I'd like to: *
Choose...

Get SurveyMonkey updates by entering your email. Privacy Notice applies.

Contact sales
Get tips and tools to empower your CX team

Learn about trends reshaping customer experience in a survey of CX industry pros and consumers.

Read report

Discover how the SurveyMonkey and Salesforce integration can help supercharge your CX strategy.

Learn more

Find out how Box captures insights across the customer journey and breaks down data silos.

Read case study

Learn how Lionbridge increased customer satisfaction with SurveyMonkey and Power BI.

Read case study
Ready to make CX your competitive advantage?

Get started

NPS, Net Promoter & Net Promoter Score are registered trademarks of Satmetrix Systems, Inc., Bain & Company and Fred Reichheld.

PRODUCT

Overview
Surveys
Online Forms
Market Research
Integrations
AI
Enterprise
Pricing

POPULAR TEMPLATES

Customer Satisfaction
Employee Engagement
Event Feedback
Product Testing
Net Promoter Score (NPS)
Course Evaluation
All Templates

RESOURCES

Customers
Blog
Resource Center
Trust Center
Support
Contact Sales

LEARN

How to Create Surveys
NPS Calculator
Margin of Error Calculator
Sample Size Calculator
AB Test Significance Calculator
Likert Scale
Online Quizzes
Free Survey Templates
Survey Best Practices
SurveyMonkey vs. Google Forms

ABOUT

Leadership Team
Newsroom
Vision and Mission
Social Impact and Inclusion
Careers
Hiring
Locations
Imprint
Log in
Sign up
English
Copyright © 1999-2025 SurveyMonkey
Privacy noticeTerms of useCookies noticeHealth Plan Transparency in CoverageCustomise