Accessible government data and statistics | USAFacts Economy Crime Government spending Health Immigration Education More About Subscribe Answers straight from the source. The data we deserve. What happens when the government shuts down? Get the facts What is the current inflation rate? Get the facts How many people cross the border illegally? Get the facts When does the One Big Beautiful Bill take effect? Get the facts Which states have the most crime? Get the facts Featured Explore the nonpartisan data behind some of today's hottest topics. Interactive video Just the Facts with Steve Ballmer Watch Steve tackle the issues in our new interactive video series that lets you explore the data in real time. charted The timeline to become a citizen You are either born into US citizenship, or you follow the lengthy process to become one. For some, this process can take decades. Trending 1 Affordable Care Act 2 Washington floods 3 Defense spending 4 Measles outbreak Our government is complex. Our data doesn’t have to be. Subscribe to our weekly newsletter to get data-backed answers to today’s most debated issues Did you know? In FY 2024, the federal government's budget deficit was $1.8T. Learn more In 2024, total debt owed by the government was equivalent to $106K per person in the US. Learn more In 2024, in the US there were 359 violent crimes for every 100,000 people. Learn more In FY 2024, the federal government provided $1.1T to state and local governments. Learn more $18.5K per student went to public schools in the US (2021–2022 school year) Learn more The median household income in the US was about $82,000 in 2024 Learn more In November 2025, the unemployment rate was 4.6%. Learn more In 2024, the US imported $4.14T and exported $3.23T in goods and services. Learn more In FY 2024, the federal government's budget deficit was $1.8T. Learn more In 2024, total debt owed by the government was equivalent to $106K per person in the US. Learn more In 2024, in the US there were 359 violent crimes for every 100,000 people. Learn more In FY 2024, the federal government provided $1.1T to state and local governments. Learn more $18.5K per student went to public schools in the US (2021–2022 school year) Learn more The median household income in the US was about $82,000 in 2024 Learn more In November 2025, the unemployment rate was 4.6%. Learn more In 2024, the US imported $4.14T and exported $3.23T in goods and services. Learn more Articles We break down complex issues using real data, not opinions. All More topics Immigration Population Economy Environment Crime Defense and security Government spending Health Education Data guides See all data guides We dug through reams of data to break down everything from housing to immigration. The drug abuse and mental health crises Data can help make sense of epidemics that are affecting Americans. Immigration channels in the US, both authorized and unauthorized Immigrants influence many facets of life in the nation, from demographics to the economy. Discover comprehensive data on how immigrants shape the country, the challenges they face, and the impacts of global crises on immigration trends. Federal finances The US federal government’s finances affect nearly every aspect of daily life, from the roads people drive on to the taxes they pay. Explore data on how the government collects and spends money, where funds are distributed, and the financial challenges it faces. The drug abuse and mental health crises Data can help make sense of epidemics that are affecting Americans. Immigration channels in the US, both authorized and unauthorized Immigrants influence many facets of life in the nation, from demographics to the economy. Discover comprehensive data on how immigrants shape the country, the challenges they face, and the impacts of global crises on immigration trends. Federal finances The US federal government’s finances affect nearly every aspect of daily life, from the roads people drive on to the taxes they pay. Explore data on how the government collects and spends money, where funds are distributed, and the financial challenges it faces. We comb through the data so you don't have to Most people don’t spend their weekends buried in Census data. We do. Because you deserve the facts without needing a decoder ring. About USAFacts 90,000 governments There are over 90,000 government bodies in the US. Our goal is to bring in data from each and every one. 70+ Sources We read the footnotes, PDFs, and appendix tables most people skip. It’s where the good stuff is. 3,000+ counties Counties, parishes, boroughs, regions — whatever you call them, we have the numbers . Trendlines behind the headlines Our data shows up in reporting across the country. See where we’ve been featured: CNN ‘Everyone is hunkering down.’ Affordability crisis rattles mom-and-pop shops Everyone is hunkering down and building up cash. It’s never been this bad,” Scheffel told CNN in a phone interview. “It’s very uncertain and impossible to plan in this environment.” Small businesses are the backbone of the US economy, accounting for the vast majority of total businesses in the nation, nearly half of all employees and the bulk of the job growth. See our data Los Angeles Times Economic angst forces L.A. shoppers to find ways to spend less for the holidays Consumer price inflation in Los Angeles stood at 3.5% in September compared with the previous year, higher than the national average of 3%, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. See our data the washington free beacon Michigan Senate Candidate Abdul El-Sayed Deleted Post Calling Border Patrol 'White Supremacists' and Blaming US for Illegal Immigration While El-Sayed blamed bad U.S. policy decisions for illegal immigration, the data show otherwise. Recent federal surveys indicate that immigrants, legal and illegal, most often come to the United States because the country has more economic opportunities and a higher level of safety than other parts of the world, Central America in particular. See our data The Guardian Near Ohio air force base, food pantries and businesses grapple with effects of shutdown Across the country, around three-fourths of a million civilians work with the US military. Around half are thought to have been currently furloughed. See our data people magazine Parents Open Up About Why Their New Documentary on School Shootings Left Them Freaked Out for Their 8-Year-Old Between 2000 and 2022, according to USAFacts, there were 1,375 school shootings, resulting in 515 deaths and 1,161 injuries. (And in the first ten months of 2025, there have been 141 incidents of gunfire on school grounds across the country, killing 44 people, according to Everytownresearch.org. See our data The American Spectator Cautionary Tales: What Can November 2025 Teach the GOP About November 2026? Infinitesimal Hawaiian output aside, America imports 99.99875 percent of its coffee, according to USAFacts.org. America’s 2023 cocoa bean exports totaled $2.57 million. Imports were 309 times higher: $793 million. Especially given consumers’ price concerns, tariffs should not be self-mutilating See our data USAFacts is a not-for-profit, nonpartisan civic initiative making government data easy for all. Learn more about us Subscribe Subscribe to get more unbiased, data-driven insights sent to your inbox weekly. Browse Crime Defense & security Economy Education Environment Government spending Immigration Health Population More Video Guides and reports Editorial guidelines Research­ and initiati­ves Data sources FAQs USAFacts Instagram page USAFacts Facebook page USAFacts Twitter page USAFacts LinkedIn page USAFacts Threads page USAFacts TikTok page USAFacts YouTube channel USAFacts Reddit page © 2025 USAFacts. All rights reserved. Terms of service Privacy policy Consent Preferences