The USAP Portal: Science and Support in Antarctica - Welcome to the United States Antarctic Program Portal Quick Links Station Times Contact Us Home Search This Site Welcome to the United States Antarctic Program Portal For USAP Participants USAP Program Announcements USAP Participant Guide Deployment Packets USAP Online Learning Center POLAR ICE Calendars and Schedules South Pole Station Satellite Pass Schedules For The Public About the Program The Antarctic Treaty For the Press News About the USAP RSS Feeds Jobs and Opportunities Science Planning Summary McMurdo Station Webcams South Pole Station Webcams Palmer Station Webcams For Researchers and Educators Information for Proposers Educational Opportunities and Resources Research Opportunities Contact Us U.S. National Science Foundation Office of Polar Programs Geosciences Directorate 2415 Eisenhower Avenue, Suite W7100 Alexandria, VA 22314 Sign up for the NSF Office of Polar Programs newsletter and events . Feedback Form Alert As of midnight, December 20, 2024, the U.S. government is experiencing a lapse in appropriations. Until the situation is resolved, please refer to OPM.gov website regarding the status for federal employees.  We expect the U.S. Antarctic Program to remain operational under our contractor for the foreseeable future.  Should the situation change, we will post additional information on this website when it is legally permissible to do so. About the USAP About the Program About USAP Participants Environmental Policy and Compliance FAQs Science Discoveries News Office of Polar Programs News Jobs and Opportunities Media Inquiries USAP Sexual Assault and Harrassment Support Resources About Antarctica About the Continent The Antarctic Treaty Educational Opportunities and Resources Grantee Support Research Opportunities Information for Proposers Calendars and Schedules Science Support Vessel Science and Operations Travel and Deployment POLAR ICE Online Learning Center Surveys Program Operations Calendars and Schedules Logistics Vessel Science and Operations Information Technology and Communications Services Travel and Deployment Online Learning Center USAP Science About the Program Science Support Researchers and Science Projects Science Discoveries Research Opportunities Educational Opportunities and Resources Bidding Farewell to an Antarctic Legend USAP Headlines Wednesday April 30, 2025 After 30 incredible years of service, Ivan the Terra Bus has been retired from service to the U.S. National Science Foundation (NSF) McMurdo Station. Continue Reading Preparations Underway for a new Barge Pier at NSF McMurdo Station USAP Headlines Tuesday April 29, 2025 As part of the Antarctic Infrastructure Recapitalization (AIR) efforts, the U.S. National Science Foundation (NSF) is working with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to build a barge pier at NSF McMurdo Continue Reading Reminder from the NSF SAHPR Program Office for 2024-25 Antarctic Summer Season USAP Headlines Tuesday October 15, 2024 As the 2024-25 austral summer season begins, the NSF Sexual Assault and Harassment Prevention and Response (SAHPR) Program Office works closely with the Office of Polar Programs (OPP) to prevent sexual violence Continue Reading Weather anomaly experienced in the McMurdo Dry Valleys USAP Headlines Thursday September 05, 2024 An atmospheric river event in March 2022 led to record warm temperatures over much of Antarctica. Continue Reading New Antarctic Dragonfish Species Discovered USAP Headlines Tuesday September 03, 2024 A research team at the Virginia Institute of Marine Science at William & Mary has uncovered a new species of Antarctic fish, which could reshape how scientists view biodiversity in the Southern Continue Reading USAP Station Webcams Live Images from Antarctica Select a Camera to View Select a webcam to view... --------------------------------------------- McMurdo Station - Arrival Heights Webcam McMurdo Station - Observation Hill Webcam McMurdo Station - Lodging Construction Webcam McMurdo Station - McMurdo Pier Webcam South Pole Station - Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station Webcam South Pole Station - South Pole Radio Telescopes Webcam Palmer Station - Palmer Station Webcam Palmer Station - Torgersen Island Penguin Colony Webcam Office of Polar Programs News Sign up for the NSF Office of Polar Programs newsletter and events . Most Recent NSF introduces anonymous reporting system for safety issues in polar regions Office of Polar Programs News Tuesday November 25, 2025 The U.S. National Science Foundation Office of Polar Programs Polar Safety and Occupational Health team now offers an anonymous reporting system to report safety concerns related to work and research in polar regions. Update on RVIB Nathaniel B. Palmer Office of Polar Programs News Wednesday September 24, 2025 The U.S. National Science Foundation proposed terminating the lease of the research vessel Nathaniel B. Palmer in the president's Fiscal Year 2026 budget request. The vessel is planned to be returned to the operator after a final cruise in October 2025. Job opportunity: Supervisory program manager (chief program officer) position, NSF OPP Antarctic Infrastructure and Logistics team Publication of the USAP report based on findings from the Sexual Assault and Harassment Climate Survey Subscribe to USAP News View All Announcements Features Special Report Take a look at the National Science Foundation's plans for the future of science and logistics in Antarctica. McMurdo Station Master Plan Palmer Station Master Plan More and Better Science in Antarctica NSF Blue Ribbon Panel Response Contact USAP U.S. National Science Foundation Office of Polar Programs Geosciences Directorate 2415 Eisenhower Avenue Suite W7100 Alexandria, VA 22314 Sign up for the NSF Office of Polar Programs newsletter and events . Quick Links Jobs and Opportunities About the Program About USAP Participants USAP Participant Guide USAP Station Times Travel and Deployment POLAR ICE South Pole Satellite Communications About the Continent Help USAP Frequently Asked Questions Help and Support Email the USAP Feedback Form U.S. National Science Foundation Social Media About NSF Vulnerability Disclosure Inspector General Privacy FOIA No FEAR Act USA.gov Accessibility Plain Language An official website of the U.S. National Science Foundation.