Skip to main content Skip to navigation
P
A
WS
Search the USask
Search
Academics
Research
Indigenous
Campus
Community
About
 Apply
University of Saskatchewan

USask is a world leader in water and food security, vaccine development and infectious diseases, and human, animal and environmental health. A member of the U15 Group of Canadian research-intensive universities, we aspire to be the university the world needs. 

Study

Join 26,100+ students from 130 countries.

Admissions
Work

Grow your career at a top research university.

Job Postings
Give

Support our students and research.

 Donate
Play

With 15 athletic teams, there is always a game to watch.

Huskies
Happy Holidays

USask will be closed Dec. 25 - Jan. 1 (reopening Jan. 2)



 International Students

Learn the advantages of studying at USask:

Academic and Research Excellence

Highly respected academic programs and faculty
World-class, state-of-the-art facilities
High official rankings
Affordable tuition and various scholarships
Living in Saskatchewan, Canada
Affordable housing
You may be eligible to work in Canada while you study and after you graduate
Free Saskatchewan government health insurance
Ranked among the world's safest countries

Supportive 

Intercultural learning opportunities, one-on-one assistance, and transitional support
Undergraduate Students Graduate Students
Find a Program

We offer undergraduate and graduate programs in over 200 fields of study. Start your journey today.

UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS
BACHELOR LEVEL DEGREES, DIPLOMAS, CERTIFICATES

These include programs you can enter directly from high school, such as engineering, as well as professional programs that require some previous university experience, like nursing or law.

Undergraduate programs
GRADUATE PROGRAMS
MASTER'S AND DOCTORAL DEGREES AND CERTIFICATES

These include programs that require you to have earned a degree in a relevant field.

Graduate programs
Stories from USask News
USask’s economic impact measured in billions: new study

A new study shows that the University of Saskatchewan (USask) is providing a multi-billion-dollar impact to provincial and national economies, while preparing students for...

USask student leader named Rhodes Scholar, joins global changemakers

Emma Wintermute, president of the University of Saskatchewan Students’ Union (USSU) and an outspoken advocate for social change, has been awarded one of the world’s most...

Celebrating President Stoicheff’s legacy of leadership

The official portrait of University of Saskatchewan (USask) President and Vice-Chancellor Peter Stoicheff, painted by renowned Canadian artist Phil Richards, was unveiled during...

Discovery the World Needs
Research that improves lives in our community and beyond.

USask is one of the top research-intensive, medical doctoral universities in Canada, and is home to world-leading research in areas of global importance, such as water and food security and infectious diseases.

Proud member of the U15, a collective of Canada's leading research-intensive universities

Research at USask
The world needs...
DISCOVERERS
USask leads the way in tackling relevant, global issues such as vaccine development, sustainability and water and food security.


Ranked among the best in Canada and the world for water resources research


USask's VIDO emerges as Canada's leader in vaccine development


USask is ranked among the best universities in the world measured by research and global impact

 With the Pack
Located on Treaty 6 Territory and the Homeland of the Métis
We pay our respect to the First Nations and Métis ancestors of this place and reaffirm our relationship with one another.

Our main campus is located in the vibrant city of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan and is recognized as one of the most beautiful in Canada.

Campus Tours About USask

Was this page helpful?
Yes No

A-Z Search Maps Jobs Contact
Follow on Facebook
 
Follow on X
 
Follow on YouTube
 
Follow on Instagram
 
Follow on LinkedIn
 
Follow on Flickr
THE CAMPAIGN FOR THE UNIVERSITY OF SASKATCHEWAN

Thank you! With your support, USask's Be What the World Needs campaign raised a historic amount to help tackle the world's greatest challenges.

The University of Saskatchewan's main campus is situated on Treaty 6 Territory and the Homeland of the Métis.

© University of Saskatchewan
Disclaimer | Privacy | Accessibility

Last Updated: December 16, 2025