USD Home | University of South Dakota Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Apply Visit Request Information Open the main Menu Open the search panel Search Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs USD – Sioux Falls USD – Online Colleges & Schools Dual Credit Accelerated Programs Signature Programs Continuing Education Libraries Academic Calendars Admissions & Aid Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Admissions Law School Admissions Medical School Admissions Military & Veterans' Admissions Visit USD Tuition & Costs Financial Aid Research Undergraduate Research Graduate Research Business & Entrepreneurship Research Health & Medicine Research Humanities & Culture Research Learning & Leadership Research Public Service & Law Research Science & Technology Research Faculty & Staff Directory Student Life Housing & Dining Activities & Involvement Health & Wellness Academic & Campus Support Career Services Special Events & Traditions Arts & Culture Security & Safety Athletics About At a Glance Vermillion Campus & Community Sioux Falls Campus & Community Campus Maps, Directions & Parking Mission & History Purpose & Leadership Departments, Offices & Resources Accreditation & Consumer Information Contact Us Open the search panel Search Helpful Links A-Z Index myUSD News & Stories Calendars Coyote OneStop Academic Catalog Campus Map Coyote Athletics Online Bookstore Coyote Gear Support USD Resources For Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Apply Visit Request Information University of South Dakota, This Is Just the Beginning, Your Best Life Starts Here. This Is Just the Beginning, Your Best Life Starts Here. Featured 12/23/2025 11:42:31 AM USD Opera and Director Honored by The American Prize The University of South Dakota Opera’s “Notes on Viardot” received two awards from The American Prize for 2024-2025. 12/18/2025 5:27:26 PM Beacom School of Business Honors 2025 Award Recipients at 77th Annual Awards Dinner The University of South Dakota Beacom School of Business celebrated excellence in student achievement, faculty impact, staff leadership and alumni service during the 77th Annual Awards Dinner on Dec. 10, 2025, in the Dome Club on the USD campus. 12/18/2025 5:05:01 PM 40th Annual Stilwell Student Awards Exhibition to Open Jan. 23 The University of South Dakota Art Galleries is pleased to announce the 40th Annual Stilwell Student Awards Exhibition, opening with a public reception on Friday, Jan. 23, 2026, from 5-7 p.m. at the John A. Day Gallery in the Warren M. Lee Center for the Fine Arts in Vermillion, South Dakota. The award ceremony will begin at 6 p.m. 12/18/2025 4:03:31 PM Ellie Blue Receives U.S. Public Health Award Fourth-year medical student Ellie Blue is a recipient of a U.S. Public Health Service Award for her service to the Sioux Falls unhoused community. 12/18/2025 9:49:16 AM The Transformative Impact of Medical Research In South Dakota, health care challenges are shaped by geography, an aging population, workforce shortages, chronic diseases and mental health needs. The University of South Dakota’s Sanford School of Medicine is not only training South Dakota’s future doctors to meet these needs but is also leading innovative research efforts that impact the health and well-being of individuals in and beyond South Dakota. 1 of 3 Go to the previous slide. Go to the next slide. More News & Stories Rankings and Recognition 2025 Best National Universities U.S. News & World Report ranked USD No. 273 2025 Top Public Schools U.S. News & World Report ranked USD No. 152 2024 Best Education Schools U.S. News & World Report ranked USD No. 136 2025 Best 389 Colleges Princeton Review listed USD as one of the Best 390 Colleges USD at a Glance Majors and Programs DESIGNED FOR YOU At the University of South Dakota, you can create a path that reflects your unique interests and passions. Choose from more than 200 academic programs to find the right fit for you. Explore Our Offerings Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Colleges & Schools Your home is with the coyotes At USD you'll find a welcoming community, a vibrant atmosphere and countless opportunities to get involved. Go to the previous slide. Go to the next slide. Some of your greatest years are just ahead of you. Come build connections, create memories and experience the Yote Life. From move-in day to the moment you cross the graduation stage, this journey is yours to define. Whether you are joining groups with similar interests and passions or you are trying something completely new, there is a place here ready for you . Innovation and discovery happen here . USD provides students and faculty with the resources, facilities and support they need to be thought-leaders in research and creative scholarship. Our faculty are qualified and effective leaders who bring a wealth of experiences and insights to the classroom, assisting students with hands-on experience. We are always innovating. Explore the new natatorium , designed to serve both the campus community and the Vermillion community at large. Look across South Dakota and you'll find the Coyote community everywhere, with students, alumni and friends learning and serving in the rural areas of our state and our largest cities. When we say "We are South Dakota," we mean it . The health and well-being of our students is our top priority. At USD, we provide students with access to free or reduced services for any mental, emotional or physical needs . What are you waiting for? Take the next step and come find your future at USD ! of Welcome Home Visit USD " After my campus visit, USD felt like home. " Join us for a personalized visit to experience campus for yourself. Tour & Visit Campus & Community Athletics From Summit League titles to Olympic medals, there is always something to celebrate at the University of South Dakota. Cheer on NCAA Division I teams. Experience an electric game-day atmosphere. Be a part of the Coyote legacy. GoYotes Paths Tailored for You USD's main campus in Vermillion offers the full student experience with hundreds of program options. Our Sioux Falls campus specializes in flexible offerings and professional pathways. And our online programs give you the flexibility to learn from anywhere. It's your education, your way. Academics at USD Beacom School of Business Prepares Students for AI- and Data-Driven Workforce Artificial intelligence (AI) is fundamentally altering how business is conducted across the globe – from revenue growth and daily operations to marketing and customer engagement. As the state’s flagship business school, the University of South Dakota Beacom School of Business is at the forefront of this transformation, offering innovative programs and hands-on learning to equip students for success in an ever-changing workforce. Read This Story and More Take The Next Step Apply Visit Request Information 414 E. Clark Street Vermillion, SD 57069 877-COYOTES 877-269-6837 Contact Us Maps & Directions Social Media Links Instagram Facebook Twitter University Resources Alumni Employment Directory Policies Legal Accessibility Compliance Privacy EOAA/Title IX Terms of Use Helpful Links MYUSD portal About USD USD Athletics Request Information X Please review our website privacy policy. Review Privacy Policy Confirm