Skip to content
Products
Integrations
Customers
Resources
Pricing
Book a Demo
Get Started for Free
Hit your commerce goals
Scale with confidence. Unlock incremental revenue and profit with AI-powered onsite and  channel optimization—driven by deep business insights for long-term growth.
Discover AMP
Talk to us
Your growth problems are connected. Your solution should be too
 Rising acquisition costs. Leaky funnels. One-time buyers. DTC growth isn’t broken—it’s just fragmented. AMP helps you solve these challenges with AI-powered tools that work together, not in silos. Fueled by real customer data from Lifetimely, AMP turns disconnected growth tactics into a unified growth engine—so you can scale smarter without stacking more tech.
Real stories, real wins
Read the stories
Insights to Action
Unlock your flywheel. Efficiently acquire, convert and retain more customers with your unique business insights in Lifetimely. Approve AI recommendations and automatically power delightful profitable personalized shopping experiences. Unify your strategy with Lifetimely’s Cortex AI in real time and activate growth tactics instantly across integrations with Back in Stock, Bundles, Slide Cart, Meta, Google, Tik Tok, Klaviyo, Amazon and more.
Uncover the metrics that matter

Optimize your business with AI-powered insights and real-time, actionable, and automated analytics on P&L, CAC, LTV, customer behavior, and product performance. Leverage intelligent forecasting, and identify the biggest revenue opportunities to inform successful growth strategies.

Discover Lifetimely
Book a Demo
Not your average AI, Cortex gets sh*t done!

Cortex is not just another AI chatbot. It uses your Lifetimely data to uncover insights, suggest strategies AND with your approval, automatically take action to optimize your marketing channels and onsite personalization to drive growth.

Discover Cortex AI
Lifetimely and Cortex AI work hand-in-hand with our Revenue Acceleration suite
Collect sign-ups for sold-out products to send restock alerts and boost cash flow by taking pre-orders on in-demand items.
Discover Back in Stock

Install now on Shopify

Increase conversions and grow every order effortlessly with the #1 customizable slide cart on Shopify.
Discover Slide Cart

Install now on Shopify

Boost cart size and increase sales with product bundles, promos, and discounts tailored to your brand and strategy.
Discover Bundles

Install now on Shopify

Works with the platforms you already use and trust
See all integrations
Free Resources to help your business
Attribution for maximized ad spend: How to optimize performance channels

Learn how to drive sales by understanding which campaigns or platforms are most profitable

The ultimate guide to back in stock alerts for Shopify brands

Ensure that you capture every sale with customer alerts when you restock their desired product.

How to use UTM tracking links to track ad campaigns on Google Analytics

Understanding and using UTM codes is essential for tracking, analyzing, and optimizing marketing ads.

AMP it UP Seasonal Release
Play Video
Newest Product Updates for the Most Ambitious Brands
Read more
Join 45,000+ brands worldwide generating more revenue with AMP
Start a Free Trial with any of AMP’s products today, or speak with us to learn more.
Get Started for Free
Book a Demo
Lifetimely

Discover Lifetimely
Profit and Loss
CAC and LTV
Customer Journeys
Attribution
Custom Dashboards
Cortex AI
Connect Klaviyo
Connect Quickbooks
Integrations
Pricing
Shopify App Store

Compare Lifetimely

Triple Whale
Polar Analytics
BeProfit

Back in Stock | PreOrders

Discover Back in Stock 
Integrations
Pricing
Shopify App Store

Slide Cart

Discover Slide Cart
Pricing
Shopify App Store

Bundles

Discover Bundles
Pricing
Shopify App Store

Customers

Case Studies
G FUEL
Woolly Clothing
Snakehive
Equator Coffees
Zelmin’s
Wall of Love 

Resources

Support
Learning Center
eCommerce Benchmarks
Amplify Blog
Book a Demo
Product Updates

Company

About AMP
Careers
LinkedIn
YouTube
Newsroom
Legal

© Copyright 2025 AMP, all rights reserved. Terms and Privacy