The AI Powered SuperApp for Work | Motion Features Project Management AI Project Manager Plan and manage projects automatically AI Gantt Chart Visualize projects over time with auto-scheduling AI Workflows Automate repeatable projects and SOPs Time Management AI Task Manager Organize and prioritize your tasks AI Calendar Auto-plan your day with smart scheduling AI Meeting Assistant Simplify meeting scheduling and booking links Knowledge Management AI Chat The fastest way to go from question to done AI Meeting Notetaker Auto-capture meeting notes and summaries AI Dashboards Track project progress in one view AI Docs Assistant Help writing and organizing docs faster And More AI Sheets AI intelligence, spreadsheet flexibility, and automation efficiency — combined Integrations Connect your favorite tools to Motion Use Cases Service Businesses IT Service Providers Marketing Agencies Design Agencies Law Firms Consulting Businesses Construction Companies Real Estate Management Functional Teams Startups Sales Teams Executive Teams Resources Blog Expert insights, practical tips, and stories on productivity, AI, and work Resources Free guides, webinars, whitepapers, and reports Knowledge Base Step-by-step tutorials, FAQs, and documentation to help you get the most out of Motion Pricing Login Try Motion for free Try Motion for free Voted #1 hottest product by Amplitude Get an unfair advantage by using AI to double productivity The #1 Rated Productivity Platform for the AI Era. AI Projects, AI Tasks, AI Calendar, AI Meetings,
        AI Docs, AI Notes, AI Reports, AI Workflows, and more. Try Motion for free Try Motion for free Start your free trial. Cancel in 1 click. What AI tools would you like to use? AI Tasks AI Projects AI Docs AI Notetaker AI Calendar AI Workflows AI Reports Try Motion for free Start your free trial. Cancel in 1 click. Over 1 million top performers and teams trust Motion Motion is built for individuals and teams of all sizes Whether you are an individual, a 20-person team, or a 1000-person business “Motion saved me from under-performing at my job, I feel so much less stressed and finally have a healthy work-life balance” Matt J, Business Analyst “Motion helped me get promoted 12 months faster than peers” Jason H, Marketing Manager “Motion helped make our business an extra $700k/year because we were able to complete client projects faster” Evan H, Business Owner “Motion saved us what’s equivalent to $250k a year of time previously wasted in emails and meetings” Sean H, COO Stop using tech from the pre-AI era Your existing, average tools Normal Task Manager Endless lists, missed deadlines, forgotten tasks Normal Project Manager Requires babysitting and hours of daily, manual work Normal Docs Waste hours on drafting, reviewing, proofreading. Disorganized. Normal Calendar Lots of conflicts, never enough time Normal Meetings Take notes manually, miss important details Normal Search Spend hours a week finding stuff Normal Workflows Long SOPs that are difficult to follow Normal Busywork Spend 90% of time on repetitive work Motion's AI AI Task Planner Automatically creates and prioritizes tasks AI Project Manager Generates projects in seconds and manages statuses for you AI Docs Assistant Drafts and proofreads in seconds. Organizes itself. AI Calendar Assistant Plans your day for you and schedules meetings automatically AI Meeting Notetaker Takes perfect notes and follows-up with action items for you AI Search Assistant Instantly finds anything - docs, notes, project, task, communication AI Workflow Builder Automatically builds workflows based on SOPs AI Personal Assistant Focus on real work, let AI handle repetitive stuff Try Motion for free Start your free trial. Cancel in 1 click. AI Task Planner Motion's AI detects and prioritizes your most urgent and important tasks, automatically Motion takes all of of your projects and tasks — their priorities, dependencies, deadlines, durations, and more — and prioritizes them based on your preferences. It builds a perfect plan that optimizes itself hundreds of times a day, automatically. Do Date ≠ Due Date. Motion's AI ensures you'll never miss a deadline Just because you put a due date on something doesn’t mean it’ll get done. Motion’s AI creates the perfect plan by matching between your workload and time. When Motion thinks a task is at-risk, it proactively warns you days or weeks in advance. Gather all tasks from other apps in one global list, automatically Create tasks in Motion from anywhere — forward Gmail/Outlook/iCloud emails, turn Zoom/Meet/Teams meetings or Slack/Teams messages into tasks, or tell Siri to add tasks via voice command. Try Motion for free Start your free trial. Cancel in 1 click. AI Project Manager Create entire projects with AI. Save 4 hours per project No more creating hundreds of tasks one by one. Describe your project and add relevant docs. Motion instantly builds the entire project — tasks with deadlines and assignees, project stages, and more. Motion is over 90% accurate out of the box. All you need to do? A quick review and final polish. Stop babysitting your project list and chasing your team for updates Projects in Motion get done 32% faster by eliminating idle time between tasks. Motion keeps work moving — automatically updating statuses, assigning next steps, and flagging delays. No more endless emails, pings, or meetings just to check in. You get full visibility into progress and automatic reports for every project —without the micromanaging. Reclaim 10+ hours a week from busywork Motion analyzes your team's work  — tasks, projects, deadlines, assignees, priorities, dependencies, and more. Then builds the optimal plan for every team member. Motion auto-updates the plan with every change — like missed deadlines or new priorities. No 1-hour resync meetings needed. Stop using ancient, manual spreadsheets. Communicate and collaborate right inside Motion - skip endless Slack and emails without context Ask your teammates questions right inside a project, task, doc, or anywhere in Motion - communication should happen where the context is. Every relevant person should see the full discussion on every important decision. Try Motion for free Start your free trial. Cancel in 1 click. AI Meeting Notetaker Your AI executive assistant for every meeting Stop juggling note-taking, listening, and speaking. Motion’s AI takes perfect notes so you can focus on the meeting. Trained on 10K+ hours of proprietary meeting video data, Motion's Notetaker is more accurate than human notes 80% of the time — and just as good as the rest. More than notes — summaries, action Items & follow-ups Worried you’ll forget an action item? Motion autogenerates action items and assigns them. Can’t attend? Get the key takeaways in 30 seconds with an AI summary. Don't waste 20 minutes after every meeting writing a follow-up email: let Motion's email assistant handle that After a meeting, Motion can send a follow-up email to all attendees with summaries, notes, and action items. Still want to take your own notes? Your notes get combined with AI Don’t completely trust AI to take notes? No problem. Write down key points and Motion’s AI will magically combine its notes and yours for the full picture. The ONLY AI Notetaker that integrates perfectly with Docs, Calendar, Task Planner, and Project Manager Summaries, notes, recordings, and transcripts automatically become a Motion doc, linked right within Motion Calendar. Action items directly become tasks in Motion, assigned to the correct person and organized under the correct project. Recordings and full transcripts for you to review, labeled with AI Want to jump back to review part of the meeting? No problem - Motion provides recording and transcript for every meeting. The summary and notes are labeled with which part of the meeting they come from, so you can instantly go to the minute-mark you need. Try Motion for free Start your free trial. Cancel in 1 click. AI Docs Assistant Motion's AI transforms words in docs into organized projects and tasks Messy notes? Long brainstorms? Motion’s AI turns them into clean tasks and organized projects — automatically. No more wasting time turning thoughts into to-dos. Just ask AI to create a task mid-thought — without breaking your flow. No more scattered and forgotten tasks inside hundreds of notes Tasks buried in long or old notes? Motion finds them — even five folders deep — and pulls them into one clean, central view. You might forget a task in a note from five weeks ago. Motion won’t. Create docs — notes, processes, wikis, pages — all in one place Write notes, brainstorm ideas, document processes, or build your company wiki. Set docs as private to you or viewable to your team. Need to share a doc? Instantly publish any doc as a shareable link or even a live website. AI that actually knows all your work Motion isn’t a generic or fragmented AI assistant. Motion includes your docs, tasks, projects, and calendar — which gives it the context to hyper personalize everything it produces for you. You don’t need to spend hours writing prompts and giving it context. Create, edit, and summarize content with AI Search across all your notes and docs instantly Ask anything. Motion finds the answer fast. A single home for everything you do Embed tasks, projects, tables, images, attachments, and much more directly inside docs, so that you have all the context and never lose focus. Try Motion for free Start your free trial. Cancel in 1 click. AI Calendar Assistant Have an AI assistant schedule your day Motion takes all of your projects and tasks, prioritizes and timeblocks them on your calendar, and dynamically optimizes your schedule dozens of times a day, all done automatically. Your plan will always be perfect and up-to-date. Always know exactly what to work on next Motion will always tell you what’s the best task to work on at any moment, by optimizing across all your projects & tasks, their deadlines, priorities, dependencies...etc Automatically re-plan your day whenever anything changes Plans change all the time. With traditional planning tools, you waste 15 minutes adjusting your plan each time something changes. Motion does this automatically for you. Motion's optimization algorithm combined with AI ensures your schedule is always optimized, across both work and personal lives, to your preferences. Combine all your calendars - work or personal Turn all of your calendar accounts - Outlook, Google, or iCloud - into a single interface. Never get double-booked between work and personal lives. Schedule meetings in seconds — automatically Motion creates meeting booking pages, shows your availability, and schedules meetings at ideal times that maximize your focus time. Try Motion for free Start your free trial. Cancel in 1 click. AI Workflows Builder Turn SOP docs into Motion workflows in seconds with AI Step 1: Use Motion's AI Docs to create a Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) draft. Example: Create an SOP that explains how to onboard new employees. Step 2: Use Motion's AI Project Manager to turn the SOP draft into a step-by-step workflow with action items. Example: Create a workflow in Motion using your employee onboarding SOP. This workflow is a template that includes all of the projects and tasks to onboard a new employee. Step 3: Turn the workflow into a Motion project and automatically assign the work with Motion's AI Task Planner. Example: You hire a new employee and use the workflow to automatically create a project with all of the tasks to onboard your new employee. Motion automatically assigns the tasks to the right people. A process your team members can actually follow Your team members should focus on execution instead of learning complicated SOPs and project management. Motion’s AI automatically prioritizes a simple task list for each member based on your entire team’s projects and tasks. Try Motion for free Start your free trial. Cancel in 1 click. AI Business Intelligence Always know exactly when a project will finish Motion predicts the ETA of every project based on your team's capacity, and all the other ongoing projects. As soon as a project is off-track, Motion alerts you so that you can course-correct before it's too late. Complete peace of mind - never find out last minute a project won't meet deadline. Nothing ever slips through the crack. Stop overwhelming your team with overly aggressive deadlines Through our optimization engine, Motion can tell you how much over or under capacity an employee is, so that you can rebalance work. You'll never have wasted human resources sitting on the sidelines or burnt-out employees with an impossible workload. Analyze your business and processes with AI-powered dashboards to get 40% more efficient Motion's intelligent dashboards helps you visualize where your bottlenecks are and how to be more efficient. Understand the exact ROI of every project so you can allocate your resources correctly. Motion customers often see a 40% jump in efficiency after analyzing their productivity. Try Motion for free Start your free trial. Cancel in 1 click. What Individual Users say about Motion Find time for a workaholic “I work ~375 hours a month. Keeping up with work, volunteer, and personal life tasks has become a challenge, and I have been consistently dropping the ball. I have found that with Motion I am dropping that ball less and staying much more focused on what needs to be done, rather than trying to figure out what needs to be done.” Vanessa G (Verified User on G2) The Happiness Algorithm “I don’t usually write reviews. But Motion is revolutionary. The happiness algorithm they promote states it will help you: feel accomplished, get serious stuff done, and relax and sleep better. Check, check, and check. After week and half of use, I think my productivity is up 10x.” js5993 Changed my life. “Motion helps me be reasonable with my time. Before Motion, I was just go-go-go. Now, I realize how much I am putting on my plate and how unreasonable I'm being. Motion helps me prioritize my tasks and keep me on track. I use it everyday.” Charlotte R (Verified User on G20) This app is a game changer “I run a commercial commercial construction company and this app has been a game changer. As far as organization time management and project timelines it is phenomenal. This is probably the only application I use on a daily basis to help organize jobs tasks within jobs and my weekly schedule.” mbxer Motion has been my best friend in overcoming executive dysfunction. “I struggle greatly with procrastination and Motion has been instrumental in my academic and professional successes. Motion has taken the stress away from planning my daily workflow and it has helped me avoid many instances of execution paralysis. This has helped me enjoy my free time more, knowing that I will be able to get everything done on time.” Kate B (Verified User on G2) Motion: The app that helps me manage my ADHD “As someone­ with ADHD who struggles to stay focused and organized, I found gre­at joy in discovering the Motion app. This invaluable tool has be­come a lifeline, allowing me to effectively manage­ projects, priorities, and schedule­s — while accommodating my ADHD brain.” Francis M (Verified User on G2) The current tool I'm in love with is @useMotion “As someone­ with ADHD who struggles to stay focused and organized, I found gre­at joy in discovering the Motion app. This invaluable tool has be­come a lifeline, allowing me to effectively manage­ projects, priorities, and schedule­s — while accommodating my ADHD brain.” @taayjus After a few days with @useMotion, I can see this becoming my go-to app “I dumped all of my tasks into the app with some hard and soft deadlines and it managed to schedule my days beautifully. If things come up and I can't complete the task, it gets re-shuffled!” @MarkPoppen Use it everyday “Originally, I trialed Motion and a competing app. I decided to go with the competitor. But after several months, I had an epiphany of why Motion was better. It handled rescheduling in a much more automated and intuitive way! I switched back and I use it to plan everything.” DmitriNYC What Teams & Businesses say about Motion Motion saves MP Cloud from “babysitting” Jira Motion freed technology company MP Cloud from daily scrum meetings and managers having to spend hours a week "babysitting" Jira and Monday. Daean Chase VP Technology, MP Cloud Motion triples project management efficiency at Ally Advantage Motion's AI project manager automates resource allocation and capacity planning for Ally, saving hours a week wasted on manual coordination while ensuring client projects meet deadlines. Joel Peeples CEO, Ally Advantage Efficient uses Motion to get projects done 30% faster Motion keeps managers at Efficient up-to-date on all projects without spending hours chasing for updates. Motion makes it easy for employees to see their priorities and actually use a project management software. Alex Bass Founder & CEO, Efficient App Why Motion’s all-in-one platform is better than using 10 separate tools Try Motion for free Start your free trial. Cancel in 1 click. Everything is well-integrated into a single experience. No need to install 10 apps or open 50 tabs. 10x cheaper than combined cost of other tools. Context: AI models are 10x more accurate with the right context and data. Motion is hyper-personalized for you with all the context across all your projects, tasks, meetings, docs, notes, emails, messages...etc, and gets smarter each day you interact with it. We always use the most cutting-edge models available from Open AI, Anthropic, and other labs, fully covered as part of Motion’s subscription. Add your ideas, notes, tasks, projects, meetings to Motion in seconds - whether at or away from desk Try Motion for free Start your free trial. Cancel in 1 click. 1 person or 1,000-person team, Motion AI is personalized for you Try Motion for free Start your free trial. Cancel in 1 click. Motion includes all of the tools you use to be productive and organized — in one place And it modernizes and supercharges those tools with the power of automation and AI Motion replaces... To-do lists Project management apps Automated meeting schedulers AI Notetakers Docs Pass data between your favorite tools Motion integrates with... Zapier Zoom Google Meet Gmail Outlook Siri HubSpot Salesforce Teams Slack ...and hundreds more! Robust API and clear documentation to connect with all your internal or external systems With our API, you’ll be able to create, update, and manage your projects and tasks effortlessly. Our API is
        designed to fit your unique needs and help streamline your workflow. Try Motion for free Enterprise Grade Security Your data is fully private and secure We are SOC 2 Type 2 compliant, ensuring the highest security standards through an independent audit by a top
    security firm. All data is fully encrypted in transit and at rest to keep your information safe. Try Motion for free Start using AI to 10x your Productivity in Every Aspect of Work Try Motion for free Tech and media companies are talking about Motion Motion Pricing Download About Careers Contact Resources Resource Library Blog Affiliate Security Privacy Terms MSA Compare vs Wrike vs Asana vs ClickUp vs Monday Get started with Motion! How many team members do you plan to have using Motion over the next 6 months? 1 (Just me) Between 2 and 14 Between 15 and 24 Between 25 and 49 Between 50 and 99 Between 100 and 499 500 or greater Back Continue Welcome to Motion! Please confirm the email is correct (no typos). Confirm Change email By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy