All-in-one Product Adoption Software - UserGuiding NEW WEBINAR! Year-End Q&A: Everything UserGuiding Users Need to Know Watch now! → Product Features Product Tours Hotspots & Tooltips Onboarding Checklists Resource Centers Knowledge Base AI Assistant In-App Surveys Product Updates Analytics Segmentation Customization Integrations Use Cases User Onboarding Self-Service Support Feedback Collection Product Adoption Announcements & Updates Revenue Expansion Customers Pricing Resources Blog Latest updates and useful hints with UserGuiding flavour. Ebooks Your next favourite free resources to improve your skills. Product Updates Latest features and improvements by the UserGuiding Team. News Get the latest news about Product Adoption and UserGuiding. Webinars Become a user onboarding expert with our webinars. Newsletter Receive the latest news on onboarding and product adoption UG University Become a UserGuiding pro with our extensive video library. Partnerships See what kind of partnerships you can build with UserGuiding. Login English English Português (BR) Español Français START FOR FREE Product AI Assistant Knowledge Base Product Updates Announcement Modals Tooltips Customization Segmentation NPS Surveys Hotspots In-App Surveys Analytics Onboarding Checklists Product Tours Resource Centers User Onboarding Software Customers Pricing Resources Webinars Ebooks News Product Updates UG University Blog Newsletter Partnerships ProductLed Academy Free Trial Follow Us EN English Português (BR) Español Français BOOK A DEMO Boost Product Adoption with Self-Serve Experiences Drive revenue growth with superior self-service — built for product teams seeking the most effective solution. START FOR FREE BOOK A DEMO Maximize expansion & minimize support needs with UserGuiding’s All-in-One, High-Value Solution Multiple Tools Complicate Your Workflow UserGuiding provides the most comprehensive toolkit, enabling product teams to handle all tasks in one place. Learn More Get the Best ROI Without Overpaying UserGuiding delivers top-tier performance without the high costs, ensuring you get the most from your investment. Learn More Slow Implementations Hinder Progress Get started with UserGuiding in just 15 minutes—the fastest implementation for immediate results. Learn More UserGuiding helps you create and improve in-app experiences that drive adoption and product strategy , without coding. Effortlessly create user onboarding experiences Use the UserGuiding Chrome Extension to build whole onboarding flows right on top of your web app. Update and publish your content with just a few clicks; easy as that. ‍ 15-min one-time setup Preview instantly, go live within minutes One-click publish to update all content Create Your First Guide in 5 Minutes Breathe life into new or unused features Execute efficient feature adoption campaigns. Use UserGuiding’s in-app modals, tooltips, and hotspots to bring unused features to the spotlight. ‍ Improve product-wide adoption Increase usage rates Streamline feature rollouts Build a Feature Adoption Campaign Scale your support with in-app self-service help Create your own Knowledge Base, use it to train your AI Assistant, and streamline your in-app help delivery with a Resource Center. Improve customer engagement and satisfaction through consistent and accurate support. ‍ Offer instant self-service help Make support available in-app Reduce support load and costs Start providing Self-Service Help Take the guesswork out of your product strategy Use UserGuiding’s product usage analytics and in-app surveys to generate the insights you need to create a data-driven product strategy. ‍ Then execute it using the segmentation and personalization features. ‍ Analyze user behavior Collect real-time user feedback Personalize in-app experiences Deploy a Survey Now Your success story next 550 % Increase in number of trial conversions 47 % Achieved a feature adoption rate 80 % Decrease in need for demo calls 25 % Increase in User Activation Rates 50 % Increase in user session duration 95 % Decrease in time spent creating onboarding element 1,000+ Teams Scaling Successfully with UserGuiding’s Best Value Platform Join them — Take the first step toward growth; start your free trial today with confidence. BOOK A DEMO Sounds too good to be true? Let’s see how exactly it works: 1. Setup 2. Create 3. Publish 4. Measure Quick set-up in minutes Embed UserGuiding container code on your web app or website and download our Chrome extension. The whole setup takes just a few minutes. Create your first element Using our Chrome extension, you can create, edit, and test experiences on top of your own product, real-time. Share it with the world Decide on when and where you want your first element to appear and who you want to show it to, then hit that publish button, and voila! Analyze, iterate, repeat Create more in-app patterns to engage, educate, or collect feedback. Analyze user behavior and understand how they’re utilizing your in-app elements with UserGuiding’s analytics and user activity dashboards. Take their words, not ours UserGuiding is quickest and easiest solution to implement. ‍ Kathleen Brummitt @Indicata UserGuiding was the easiest to technically implement compared to other onboarding tools. Rémi Drogoul @Opinew It took us literally 2 minutes to add new feature to our initial product tour as step. Quynh Tran @GroveHr Showing the benefits of the product listed out in the UserGuiding checklist was enough to do the trick. Myra Yip @Keyhole Today, our product team has autonomy thanks to UserGuiding. ‍ Malu Vasconcelos @LogComex Integrate with your tech stack UserGuiding integrates with your tech stack to make your life easier and your in-app experiences better. See our available integrations. Check out integrations How UserGuiding can help you more Discover our features to get the most out of Userguiding AI Assistant Utilize an In-App AI Support Agent, providing 24/7 personalized multilingual assistance while reducing support support costs and improving efficiency. Knowledge Base Create support resources and deliver them both in-app and via a stand-alone hub. Enhance self-service help and reduce user confusion. Product Updates Create a standalone product changelog, promote in-app, get valuable feedback on-the-go. In-App Surveys Learn your users’ thoughts in seconds, create engagement surveys in just a few minutes. Collect the data you want, when you want. Announcement Modals Communicate what’s important, where it’s important. Make sure your customers are informed on every development. Customization Create and customize your own themes and turn your user onboarding flows into a native experience. Hotspots Provide additional information on top of your UI, without disrupting the user experience. Tooltips Make sure users know what’s going on, where it’s going on. Use tooltips to educate and engage users. NPS Surveys Track your NPS score easily on-app. Analyze user-specific data in real-time, and improve easily. Analytics Turbocharge your user onboarding with the power of analytics, leverage data to improve your onboarding content. Segmentation Create custom user segments and push personalized content for unique experiences that users engage with. Resource Centers Bring all your educational content together for a one-stop experience, in your app. Onboarding Checklists Significantly improve conversions by providing users with a simple to-do list that outlines the next steps in their onboarding. Product Tours Show users the real value of your product with interactive product tours. Security in UserGuiding UserGuiding takes an end-to-end approach to data security, privacy, and control — ensuring your data's safety and compliance with SOC 2 Type 2, GDPR, HIPAA, ISO 27001, and LGPD. Check out the Trust Center 1,000+ Teams Scaling Successfully with UserGuiding’s Best Value Platform Join them — Take the first step toward growth; start your free trial today with confidence. BOOK A DEMO START FOR FREE © UserGuiding 2025 - All rights reserved. Get Started Free UserGuiding Trial Book a Demo Pricing English English Português (BR) Español Français Policies Security and Trust Center Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Policy Information Security Policy Resources Product Updates Happy Customers On Board Newsletter Status Help Center Customer Support Integrations User Onboarding Software Aha Moment Product Adoption Product Tour Software Site Map Comparison Appcues alternative Userflow alternative Userlane alternative Userpilot alternative Pendo alternative WalkMe alternative Stonly alternative Product Fruits alternative Whatfix alternative TryChameleon alternative Latest from our Blog Great Product Experience Explained Through Real SaaS Examples 11 Jimo AI Alternatives & Competitors You Should Consider The State of Product-Led Growth in SaaS for 2026 How HealthTech Companies Onboard Their New Users: A Case Study of 13 Tools Real-World Employee Training Examples for Teams in Any Industry Cohort Analysis for Product Adoption: From First Value to Long-Term Retention Digital Transformation in Transportation (+Use Cases, Benefits, Examples) Get Started Free UserGuiding Trial Book a Demo Pricing Policies Security and Trust Center Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Policy Information Security Policy Resources Product Updates Happy Customers On Board Newsletter Status Help Center Customer Support Integrations User Onboarding Tools Aha Moment Product Adoption Product Tours Site Map Comparison Appcues alternative Userflow alternative Userlane alternative Userpilot alternative Pendo alternative WalkMe alternative Stonly alternative Product Fruits Alternative Nickelled alternative TryChameleon alternative Latest from our Blog Great Product Experience Explained Through Real SaaS Examples 11 Jimo AI Alternatives & Competitors You Should Consider The State of Product-Led Growth in SaaS for 2026 How HealthTech Companies Onboard Their New Users: A Case Study of 13 Tools Real-World Employee Training Examples for Teams in Any Industry Cohort Analysis for Product Adoption: From First Value to Long-Term Retention Digital Transformation in Transportation (+Use Cases, Benefits, Examples) EN English Português (BR) Español Français © UserGuiding 2024 - All rights reserved.