This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.

If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.

Accept
Decline
FEATURES
 
CUSTOMERS
 
PREMIUM
BLOG
 
LOGIN
 FREE SIGNUP
FEATURES
 
CUSTOMERS
 
PREMIUM
BLOG
 
LOGIN
 FREE SIGNUP
User engagement tools, that
help build better products

UserReport is a set of flexible tools, that tell you
who your users are, and what they want to achieve.

GET STARTED TAKE THE TOUR
WHAT IS USERREPORT?
Simple tools. Powerful features.

UserReport is based on two simple widgets – a survey and a feedback widget. Running as an
integrated part of your website or app, it enables you to have direct interaction with your users
and learn who your users are, what they are looking for – and how they think you can improve.

Survey Widget
 
Feedback Widget
 
Premium
SURVEY WIDGET
Get to know your audience with the survey widget
LEARN MORE TRY IT LIVE
Free and easy to use

Installing the survey is quick and simple. Create an account, add your website and put the code snippet on your website – then sit back and watch results tick in!

Demographics

There’s no limit to what UserReport can tell you about your users. How old they are, if they have children – if they like dogs or cats. Ask away!

Net Promoter Score

NPS tells you how much users like you and what they think you can do better. With UserReport your NPS can also be broken down on demographics!

Google Analytics integration

Google Analytics tells you what users are doing on your website. UserReport tells you who they are and what they want. Join the two for valuable user insights!

FEEDBACK WIDGET
Collect feedback and build better products
LEARN MORE TRY IT LIVE
Collect ideas. Fix bugs.

Based on ideas that come directly from your users, you’ll be able to build a brand or product that users will love and remain loyal to.

Users help you prioritize

Even if you have millions of users, UserReport makes it easy to prioritize features. Users vote on each others ideas and the most popular ones rise to the top!

Customizable and localized

The Feedback Forum can be customized with your own text, colors and logo. It’s also available in more than 60 languages, which means anyone can use it!

Easy to get started

Installing the Feedback Forum is quick and simple. Create an account, add your website and put the code snippet on your website – that’s it.

PREMIUM
Powerful features for publishers
LEARN MORE
Tailormade for publishers

Explore, validate, showcase and monetize your audience. Premium gives back power to the publisher.

Get the most from your data

Data is worthless if you can’t do anything with it. Premium turns your UserReport data into gold in several ways.

Showcase your audience

Kits validates and showcases your audience and shows you and advertisers just how good you are at reaching specific target groups.

Validate campaigns

Add inventory value and build trust with advertisers, by showing them that their campaign actually reached the audience you promised.

USE CASES
How UserReport helps if you’re a:
NEWS PLATFORM
CAR BRAND
BLOGGER
ONLINE SHOP
TRAVEL PLATFORM
TELCO
News Platform
#1
Get to know your audience!

By knowing who your main audience is, you can increase the value of your advertisement. Both your native ads and your display ads is increasing its value when you can tell advertisers who they will be in contact with.

#2
Stay ahead of customer preferences

With UserReport’s survey you can join several news publishers and gather data on the changing needs and preference of customers, enabling you to react instantly on the demands for new editorial content or services.

#3
Professionalise your sales pitch

With UserReport Kits you can setup a sassy sales kit in no time and look like a million. Showcase your blog and your audience in professional customised html pitch.

#4
Extend your audience

Not only can you use UserReport to validate your audiences, you can take it one step further and extend your audience for targeting and data sales based on your own data collection with UserReport.

GET STARTED
INSTALLATION
Quick and easy installation on any kind of website
Signup and add your website

Start out by creating a free account here. First step is to add some basic information about the website, which you want to install UserReport on.

Insert the code snippet

For each of your websites, you get a small piece of code, which should be inserted in your website. Don’t worry, it’s easy – and you only need to do it once.

Activate the tools you need

Once installed, you can start creating your survey or setting up your Feedback Forum without having to make changes to the code on your website.

YOU'RE IN GOOD COMPANY
Helping smart companies build
better products and stronger brands

“UserReport gives us
insights into the visitors’
digital brand experience
and how well the
website meets the users’
demands for quality.”

Stefan Asmussen
Toyota

“With UserReport, we are
now able to define our
customers even better
and adjust our website
and campaign activities.”

Malthe Cederborg
Saxo
OUR CUSTOMERS
FREE SIGNUP
Start building better products and customer relationships today
GET STARTED
PART OF SOMETHING BIGGER

UserReport is part of a powerful product suite from AudienceProject – a company devoted to helping publishers, brands, agencies and e-commerce navigate and succeed in an overly complex media industry, by providing simple and flexible products and services.

Learn more

LATEST FROM THE BLOG
How to build your email marketing list with UserReport
READ 
Product
Tour
Features
Customers
Premium
Company
About
Jobs
News
Resources
Blog
Support
Contact
Stay updated

Be the first to hear about new features in UserReport

GO
 
Privacy Policy
 
Terms and Conditions
 
© 2022 All rights reserved