UserZoom Platform | UserTesting | UX Research Capabilities Toggle Get Insights For customers and prospects Get Paid to Test For participants and side hustles Utility Contact Us Divider Select Language EN EN English DE Deutsch ES Español Sign in Sign in to Sign in to Sign in to Sign in as a Participant search Main navigation search Platform & Services Featured Card Network Solutions With unmatched reliability and reach, the UserTesting Network is the fastest path to customer insight at scale. Learn more Forrester Total Economic Impact(TM) study finds 415% ROI with UserTesting Get the 2025 TEI Study Divider Links Column 1 Platform Platform overview Target Reach the right audience Gather Comprehensive testing capabilities Analyze Identify insights and measure performance Amplify Share and scale insights across your organization Pricing Plans Column 2 Services Services overview Consulting Services Audience Services Insights Services Support Services Column 3 Popular features UserTesting AI Insights Hub Integrations Mobile testing Templates Solutions Featured Card Forrester Total Economic Impact(TM) study finds 415% ROI with UserTesting Calculate your ROI Top rated by TrustRadius Best of 2025 Award Learn how our end-to-end solution can help you and your team Get started Divider Links Use cases AI experiences Audience insights Mobile testing Pricing & packaging Usability testing See other use cases Teams Customer experience Design Digital experience Marketing Product management UX research Industries Retail High-tech Fin-serv Media & entertainment Healthcare Travel & hospitality Customers Featured Card Canva See how Canva uses human insight to make design accessible to everyone. Learn More Adobe Photoshop "UserTesting makes getting feedback from a wide range of users fast and easy for us at Adobe" Learn more Divider Links Customer Stories View all customer stories Ratings & Reviews Featured stories Burberry Costa Coffee Panera Bread For Our Customers Customer Knowledge Base Customer login UserTesting CommUnity UserTesting University Company Featured card Top rated by TrustRadius Best of 2025 Award Learn how our end-to-end solution can help you and your team See all reviews Forrester Total Economic Impact(TM) study finds 415% ROI with UserTesting Get the 2025 TEI Study Divider Links Column 1 About Us About us Careers Newsroom Partners Executive team Column 2 Initiatives Charitable giving Education partner program Insights for Impact Resources Featured Card Forrester Total Economic Impact(TM) study finds 415% ROI with UserTesting The Forrester ROI calculator lets you explore productivity gains and revenue growth tailored to your organization. Calculate your ROI Divider Links Digital Resources All resources Insight+ Blog Guides Industry Reports Podcast Test templates Webinars Events Events Product Releases Latest release Previous releases CTA Watch a demo Watch a demo Contact Sales Contact Sales Menu Platform: UserZoom Innovation fueled by UX insights UserZoom empowers anyone to create digital experiences that delight customers and drive business growth. Get started Why UserZoom? Flexible and comprehensive Capture human insight throughout the product development lifecycle. Our comprehensive testing solution adapts to meet your team’s testing needs. Analyze, understand, and measure Quickly identify key insights and measure performance with analytics and visualizations designed to save time and simplify post-test analysis. Differentiate with design Design experiences your users love through a deep understanding of their wants, needs, and behaviors. Target any audience Quickly capture high-quality, diverse perspectives from the UserTesting Network, partner networks, and your own network. Define your audience and choose your sample size. We’ll handle the rest. Privacy, security, and compliance The confidence of knowing you have enterprise-level security with our SOC 2 Type II certified, GDPR, and HIPAA-compliant platform. How it works Design Recruit Launch Analyze Share Design your study Leverage the widest range of testing capabilities on the market—test everything from ideas, designs, and prototypes to websites, campaigns, and competitive brands. Mix and match usability testing, surveys, information architecture testing, and more for unparalleled flexibility. Recruit your target audience Quickly fill your studies with top-quality participants from a global network of participants who have opted in to provide feedback. Our machine-learning-powered distribution engine helps you find the right audiences with over 200 demographic filters for any type of test. You can also invite your audiences through live intercepts or share a custom study link via email, text, Slack, and social media. Seamlessly launch and schedule studies UserZoom will automatically send study invites and reminders to participants. For moderated studies, invite your team to collaborate during sessions from a virtual observation room–completely out of sight from the participant. Get automated insights Accelerate your analysis with automated transcripts, synced playback, timestamped notes, and auto-generated charts and visualizations. Evangelize insights Use video clips, highlight reels, and quotes to create engaging and impactful user stories with your insights and empower your team with the data they need to make quick, confident decisions. Pricing to scale with your business Whether you’re an early-stage startup or an established enterprise business, we have the right plan to meet your needs and scale research across global teams as your business grows. Find the right plan Solutions for every team Researchers Make user research faster, easier, and more inclusive for your entire organization. Designers Gather feedback, validate designs, and move projects forward quickly and efficiently. Product managers De-risk and prioritize product investment decisions with confidence. Marketers Improve digital experience, campaign, and brand performance. Insights that drive business outcomes The world’s most innovative companies trust UserZoom The combination of both rapid and qualitative research with remote testing at scale and quantitative metrics provides statistical significance for stakeholders. Martin Hicks Senior Research Manager, Lloyd's Bank UserZoom is the high-performance supercar of research platforms. And you're just an incredible partner too. People are excited to use the tool and then they're also excited to get to talk to your UX research experts. John Wyatt UX Leader, Bottomline UserZoom's research tools have transformed our delivery of insight, and our roles would be virtually impossible to perform without them. Outputs from our UserZoom testing help us positively impact the lives of our customers every day. Darren Blane Lead UX Designer, Legal & General Get the insights you need to fuel exceptional user experiences Start here Talk with us Human understanding. Human experiences. Social Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Quick Links About Us Contact Us UserTesting Human Insight Platform Login Careers UserZoom UX Research Platform Footer Platform & Services Platform overview UserTesting Human Insight Platform UserZoom UX Research Platform Intellizoom Pricing Plans UserTesting Platform pricing plans Solutions Team Solutions Customer experience UX design Digital experience Marketing Product management UX research Capabilities Integrations and plugins Professional Services Templates Mobile testing Company About UserTesting About us Accessibility statement Executive team Newsroom Careers Giving back Charitable giving program Insights for Impact Education partner program Support Trust Center Do Not Sell or Share Cookie policy Cookie preferences GDPR policy Privacy policy Anti-Corruption Policy Trust Center Legal & other Privacy center Customer terms Resources Digital Resources All resources Insight+ Usability Testing Product Design Blog Customer stories Guides Industry Reports Podcasts Template Gallery Additional information UserTesting CommUnity UserTesting University Customer Knowledge Base Customer FAQ Contributor help Contributor FAQ Get the latest news on events, research, and product launches Oh no! We're unable to display this form. Please check that you’re not running an adblocker and if you are please whitelist usertesting.com. If you’re still having problems please drop us an email . By submitting the form, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use . © UserTesting 2025