User.com - Marketing Automation Platform Product CUSTOMER DATA PLATFORM Visitor Tracking Segmentation Engine 360° Contact Profiles Company Profiles PERSONALIZATION Product Recommendations Website Experience NEW Personalization Studio NEW NO-CODE AUTOMATIONS Journey Builder A/B/X Testing Triggers & Events ANALYTICS Revenue Insights Dashboards & Export LOYALTY PROGRAM Points & Rewards Coupons & Wallet SALES Pipeline View Sales Inbox Tasks & Reminders Scheduler SUPPORT LiveChat & chatbot Helpdesk & Tickets CHANNELS Email SMS WhatsApp NEW Mobile Wallet LiveChat & Chatbot Mobile Push Notifications WebPush Notifications In-App Messages Website experience NEW Pop-ups & Forms Landing Pages NEW WhatsApp Reach your customers where they already are Join closed BETA Uma Turn intention into action. In seconds. Use  Case templates Explore templates tailored to your goals. Solutions FOR TEAMS Marketing An all-in-one marketing tool Support Streamline customer experience Product Product analysis & reports Sales Simplified processes for growth FOR INDUSTRIES Education Better engage a learner base E-commerce All the tools for cross & upselling Travel Customized web experiences Finance Proven tech to the next level SaaS More leads & better conversion Real Estate Foresight for better decisions Web Hosting Experiences for each buyer Healthcare Unified and omnichannel data TEMPLATES B2B Templates for any business B2C Actions geared to convert E-commerce Expand transactions plus value SaaS And sales, marketing & support Ready to get started? Schedule a demo Chat to sales Customers Partners Learn Knowledge Base Integrations Blog University Free Tools API Docs Mobile SDK Language English Español Polski Français Language Español Français Polski English Log in Log in Get a Demo Transform behavior into personalized experiences Make every user experience relevant without the dev time ✔ Conforme au RGPD  ✔ Support client dédié Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. 200+ reviews JOIN THOUSANDS OF TEAMS AUTOMATING THEIR WORKFLOWS Easy Drag & Drop Editor GDPR & CCPA-compliant Dedicated Customer Support Personal At Scale Who said that you can’t be personal at scale? Regardless if you are selling to or supporting your customers User.com delivers the best omnichannel communication experience. Present the right message in the right channel for the right user, always at the right time. “What would we do without User.com? To see where we are at, and our potential where we will be with the product, it’s really been an amazing experience.” Luizza Couto, Qconcursos Learn more Hundreds of integrations to empower your team with dynamic data Connect your tools and your team with hundreds of apps available, your team’s favourite tools are just a click away. See all integrations Trusted by thousands of teams. Security and Privacy is at the heart of User.com Learn more about security GDPR Compliant Backed by the highest levels of privacy and security for your and your users personal data. SSL-Certified Built for banks and finance your data is safeguarded by the highest standards of encryption. Pen Tested & Audited User.com is regularly tested and audited to ensure the performance of our security systems. Success with expert help Experienced and credentialed in automation, our success managers is someone who knows your business and works with you to help you reach your goals. One-on-one coaching and guidance Get daily and weekly support on marketing, sales, and product plus strategic guidance with ideas and inspiration to help you achieve your team’s needs and goals quicker. Designed for any level Regardless of your experience, our dedicated experts will come alongside and help you and your team grow by sharing insights about the platform, plus ways to connect with your customers in moments that matter most. The Platform Benefits The ultimate source of truth to unlock your team’s growth potential A powerful platform to help you convert, engage, and retain more users. Trusted by thousands of companies as their solution to communicate with their customers. Better data to connect with your users Get a better pulse on your users, with timelines, behavior tracking, plus custom events, that gives you a more engaged and responsive audience. Engaging multi-channel campaigns Plan out your entire customer journey emails and multiple paths depending on their engagement, or instant triggers you specify. Easy Team Collaboration Invite team members with multiple permission levels, to work with you and get insights - build campaigns, automations, audience lists, and more together. Deliver an amazing customer experience A single workspace to provide great user experiences - plus build on touchpoints to automate the best repeatable outcomes along the way. Filters to target based on almost anything Use the powerful filter engine to target, users, companies, or products, based on touch point, event, location, or any other data to send campaigns. Drag & Drop Builder The drag and drop intelligent automation workspace is totally customizable, with tons of triggers, actions, and conditions, which makes any path limitless. Grow your business automatically Don't waste time on repetitive tasks. Let automations handle it. Dedicated Customer Support GDPR & CCPA-compliant Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. The platform that helps your team turn touchpoints into experiences. Let's stay in touch Sign up for the latest news and updates about User.com Success! Look for updates coming soon! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Product Features Mobile App Integrations Changelog Ressources Knowledge Base University Blog API Docs Mobile SDK Docs Free Tools User.com About Us Our Customers Jobs Partners Uptime Status Szkolenie Contact User.com is part of © 2025 All rights reserved. We use cookies. Terms of Service Security Overview Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Mentions Légales SLA User.com - Parc d'activités des 4 vents - 3 avenue Antoine Pinay, 59510 Hem