AI customer communication for sales & support – Lime Connect (ex Userlike) Products Solutions Pricing Resources Demo Login Free Trial DE EN ES FR IT NL Products Platform Your complete solution for AI-powered customer communication Connect AI New Automate +73% of your interactions with AI Agents Message Center A shared workspace for your team and AI WhatsApp Marketing Engage your audience with interactive campaigns Live Chat & Messaging Drive sales and support success with modern messaging Website Chat Mobile App WhatsApp Email Instagram Facebook Messenger SMS Data privacy European software with enterprise-class security features Solutions Industries Tailored industry solutions with Lime Connect Manufacturing Utility Automotive E-commerce Data privacy European software with enterprise-class security features Customer stories Blog Help Center The customer communication suite AI-powered messaging that works with your team Lime Connect is the all-in-one platform that helps your team sell more and support faster. With live chat, AI agents, automation and one shared inbox built to turn conversations into revenue. Sign up for free Book a demo Recognized AI-messaging solution Award-winning platform trusted by leading teams Lime Connect is recognized as a leader by independent comparison platforms based on verified reviews from real users. Read customer stories Connect AI This is what AI-powered customer messaging should feel like Connect AI is your all-in-one platform, where every conversation is powered by intelligent automation. Let AI Agents automate tasks and Copilot support your team – driving faster resolutions, higher productivity and better customer experiences. Automate your conversations Message Center One space for your conversations Lime Connect brings live chat, email, WhatsApp and other digital channels into one smart inbox. AI agents and your team work hand in hand to build stronger customer relationships – so you can scale conversations, not headcount. Explore Message Center Website Messenger Turn conversations into customers With our powerful live chat window, you can proactively engage visitors and route each conversation to the right agent or AI chatbot. Deliver faster responses, higher conversions and a better experience from the first click. Turn website visitors into customers WhatsApp Campaigns Reach customers where they already are With Lime Connect, your WhatsApp marketing goes beyond one-way broadcasts. Share interactive newsletters with segmented audiences, and jump into personal chats that outperform email by 5 to 10x. Start with Campaigns Proven performance, backed by experience Your new favorite revenue machine 77% inquiries solved by AI chatbot > 80 % WhatsApp campaign opening rate 15 + years on the market A solution you can rely on European software you can trust for security and compliance GDPR & data security Lime Connect is a GDPR-compliant chat solution, born and hosted in Germany. Learn more Web accessibility Lime Connect meets the requirements of the European Accessibility Act, ensuring accessible web messaging for all users. Full documentation ISO27001 Lime Connect is ISO27001 certified, ensuring enterprise-grade information security, risk mitigation and data protection at every level. Full documentation Testimonials What our customers say 01 / 01 We were particularly impressed by Lime Connect’s excellent value for money and simple integration process. We have been able to avoid any problems or customisation requests thanks to our personal contact person who is always available to help. Tanja Schmidt Customer Service Representative TUI Austria We use Lime Connect as a service chat for all our customers’ concerns. The tool enables us to communicate directly and easily in real time. Requests can be processed quickly and forwarded efficiently to the responsible employees. This allows us to significantly improve our customer service. Sabrina Hofmann Team Digital Services Gühring AG The AI chatbot is easy to maintain and offers many features, taking the pressure off our team. Our account manager is always available, and the onboarding process was straightforward. The excellent built-in analysis tools also allow us to assess the quality of our customer service. Jochen Hofmann Senior Marketing Manager PSD Bank Nürnberg Lime Connect offers a wide range of options and is constantly developing them further. They take customer feedback seriously and actively seek opportunities to gather it in order to take it into account as effectively as possible. The support provided by the service staff is excellent — they are always quick to respond, helpful and friendly, and the overall quality is high. Silke Raschke Head of Customer Service Dampsoft GmbH For us, website chat and WhatsApp, in addition to lead generation, is primarily a tool to improve the user experience on our website. Since there is a lot of information on the Toyota website, it’s not always easy to find exactly the information that the customer needs at that moment. Lime Connect provides us with a quick way to get website visitors on the right track. Roland Blask Customer experience specialist Toyota Talk to an expert Discover how Lime Connect helps you respond faster, personalize at scale and build lasting customer relationships. Get a demo Home support@lime-connect.com Lime Connect (Userlike) GmbH Register Nr.: HRB 73211 Features AI Automation WhatsApp Sales & Support WhatsApp Campaigns Message Center Data Privacy & GDPR Video Calls Integrations Solutions Manufacturing Utility Automotive E-commerce Resources Blog Help Center FAQs Contact Support API Status Company About us Career Customer Stories Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Imprint DE EN ES FR IT NL Copyright Lime 2025 / Privacy Policy / Terms and conditions / Cookie Settings Chat with us!