skip to main content
UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA
GIVE
Visit us on Twitter
 
Visit us on Facebook
 
Visit us on LinkedIn
 
Visit us on Instagram
 SITES A-Z
ABOUT USG
 
OUR INSTITUTIONS
 
STUDENTS
 
NEWS & REPORTS
 
INITIATIVES & PRIORITIES
Georgia Degrees Pay
Powerful data tools that put affordability and transparency at your fingertips, helping you find the right program to launch your future. 

This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Notice at https://www.usg.edu/dataprivacy. Questions or Requests, please complete this form.

OK
Learn more about our USG Institutions

U.S. News & World Report named UNG a best value for a public university in Georgia.

Ranked one of the best returns on investment in the state for public colleges by Georgetown’s Center on Education and the Workforce.

Offers the lowest tuition among USG metro Atlanta institutions where students can earn their bachelor's degree.

Students enrolling Fall Semester 2022 will pay nearly 10% LESS in fees, and tuition has not risen in three years.

Home to Georgia’s flagship school of aviation, logging 25,000 flight hours last year.

No. 1 graduation rate for student athletes among all NCAA Division II public universities in 2021.

Ranks No. 10 in the Best Public University category by U.S. News & World Report.

At 21:1, averages the lowest student/faculty ratio among all colleges in metro Atlanta to provide students a truly individualized learning experience on campus.

Gordon State's RN to BSN degree program ranks in the top five in the state.

MBA ranked No. 5 for affordability on the 2022 Best MBA Programs list by Top Management Degrees.com.

Ranked No. 35 public regional university in the South by U.S. News & World Report for tuition costs, graduation rates and faculty resources.

Provides free access to lifelong learning opportunities including educational programs, research databases, over 1.5 million online images and 85,000 cubic feet of records dating back to 1732.

U.S. News & World Report named VSU among the 20 most economically diverse schools in the nation.

Ranked No. 1 Most Affordable College in Georgia by University HQ

92% of 2021 University of Georgia grads are employed or attending grad school within 6 months.

U.S. Department of Education ranked DSC among the top 10% most affordable public four-year or above institutions in the nation.

Ranked No. 20 by U.S. News & World Report on its Top Performers on Social Mobility list for 2022.

No. 7 in the College Consensus Rankings of the 50 Best Historically Black Colleges and Universities for 2022.

U.S. News & World Report ranked their Online MBA and Nursing Graduate Programs No. 1 in Georgia.

Ranked among the top public universities by U.S. News & World Report for “National Universities Where Most Accepted Students Enroll.”

According to payscale.com, mid-career salaries for GSU grads average around $90,000.

Ranked one of the “Best Colleges in Georgia of 2022” for its accreditation, quality, cost and potential future earnings.

Recognized as the #1 Best Value of all colleges and universities in Georgia by James Magazine.

Offers every Georgian free high-speed internet, access to the latest tech, small business resources, career readiness tools, lifelong learning opportunities and more at 408 public libraries across the state.

Elementary and special education baccalaureate students have a 100% job placement rate upon graduation.

Home to one of the nation’s largest medical schools by class size and the state’s only school of dental medicine.

Recently ranked by collegeraptor.com as one of the top 10 colleges in the nation with tuition under $20,000 a year.

Named “Lowest Cost City for Higher Education” among the nation's Best College Towns and Cities by WalletHub.

THE USG FAMILY

The University System of Georgia is comprised of Georgia's public colleges and universities, Georgia Archives and the Georgia Public Library Service. Visit our institutions page for a comprehensive list.

LATEST SYSTEM NEWS
READ MORE NEWS
LATEST FROM OUR COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES
USG admission requirements for Academic Years 2025-26, 2026-27

The University System of Georgia (USG) has established test score requirements and test-optional standards for admission for Academic Years 2025-26 and 2026-27 for all USG institutions.

Campus Spotlight features stories from schools across the system

A roundup of impactful stories from University System of Georgia's institutions.

Career planning tool for student success before and after graduation

The University System of Georgia has launched a new career planning tool for students at its 26 public colleges and universities to provide additional career counseling services and connect them to information about the field they want to work in.

LATEST FROM THE NEWSROOM
Regents Give Final Approval for Georgia Southern University–East Georgia State College Consolidation

The Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia gave final approval to consolidate Georgia Southern University and East Georgia State College. The move clears the way for the new institution to operate under the Georgia Southern University name, led by President Kyle Marrero, beginning Jan. 1, 2026.

Valdosta State University Presidential Search Committee Named

The Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia named members of the Valdosta State University Presidential Search Committee. The committee will conduct a national search for a permanent president to lead South Georgia’s flagship comprehensive university.

USG Enrollment Surges to Record High, Marking Third Year of Growth

University System of Georgia enrollment climbed this fall to an all-time record of 382,142 students. The 4.8% increase in enrollment over Fall 2024 marks a third consecutive year of growth for the system.




CONTACT

270 Washington Street, S.W.
Atlanta, GA   30334
U.S.A.

SERVICE OF PROCESS
Christopher McGraw,
  Vice Chancellor Legal Affairs
Steffanie Morrison,
  Assoc. Vice Chancellor Legal Affairs
Marial Ellis,
  Asst. Vice Chancellor Legal Affairs
WEBSITE INFORMATION
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ETHICS & COMPLIANCE REPORTING
Report Ethical Concerns
Report Free Speech and Censorship Concerns
USG INSTITUTIONS
Map & Information
Institutional Directories
INFORMATION FOR:
Current Students
Prospective Students
International Students
Online Students
Veterans and Service Members
Faculty and Staff
USG Retiree Benefits
Vendors & Suppliers
POLICIES & REPORTS
University System of Georgia Policies
NEED HELP?
Human Trafficking Notice
DIVISIONS
Academic Affairs
External Affairs
Fiscal Affairs
Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance
Operations
ABOUT
University System of Georgia
Board of Regents
Chancellor
Campus Consolidations
Comprehensive Administrative Review
Newsroom
Employment
Staff Directory
Contact Us
Open Records Requests
Location
UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA
© Copyright 2025. All Rights Reserved.