 Project consultant – Full-time or freelance | USG Professionals MENU nl fr en nl fr en Contact Freelancers About us Team Executive search About us Team USG Easy app Employers About us Team Industries Blogs & inspiration Freelancers Executive search USG Easy app Employers Blogs & inspiration Freelancers About us Team Executive search About us Team Employers About us Team Industries Find your new job Keyword or function Jobtype Field Place or postcode Only in 10 km 25 km 50 km 75 km 100 km Search vacancies Apply spontaneously Take the next step as project consultant You have 2-5 years’ experience in ICT, Science, Engineering, Finance, Facility, Legal of HR and you are looking for assignments as a project consultant. You want to grow in your field and enhance your skills. USG Professionals puts your career into top gear. We invest in your talent Become a multi-skilled professional Partner with USG to upskill and upgear fast. You can pick from various specialisations. With trainings and best practices, you’ll broaden and deepen your knowledge and skills, including adaptability, persuasion and innovative mindset. You will become a versatile, go-ahead expert in your field. Work for leading companies USG Professionals is a trusted business partner for companies in various industries. Project-based or permanent. Join 400 other USG professionals by deploying your specialist skills to help organisations tackle their challenges. Innovation = better performance USG Professionals links up with innovative companies and we harness innovation ourselves to give you the very best support. Through our experts and an ever-expanding network, we recruit people with future-proof skills. Inspiring you to take the next step in your career. Go for a long-term career The various services of USG Professionals are perfectly complementary. So we’re always able to offer you the best next step for your career, based on your skills profile. USG Easy for project consultants Download the USG Easy app now, enjoy all the benefits and accelerate your career. Quick & easy Match your skills, expertise, and ambitions with projects at top companies. Tailor-made support Enjoy support from our experts and broaden your knowledge and skills with training courses and network events. Raise your profile in the market Keep up-to-date with the latest developments in your sector and build a sustainable career. Discover more Projects at leading companies Toyota Delhaize Partena Honda 3D Systems Holcim Sibelco DHL BNP Paribas Fortis Coca-Cola Unsolicited application Don’t immediately see your dream assignment? Or finding it hard to choose? Send us your details and we’ll guide you on your next career step. Apply now Testimonials “I love variety: a new challenge, a new environment every so often. That’s why working as an ICT consultant appeals to me. USG Professionals offers a wide range of industries, so I can switch from one to the other.” Kai Chun Wong ICT consultant “My job as science engineer allows me to learn a lot about different domains and industries in a short space of time. My last project was as a validation engineer; now I’m Q&A business system engineer at a major pharmaceuticals company.” Arno Lievens Science consultant “As a consultant you learn a huge deal in a short space of time. You’re constantly having to adapt to a new corporate culture, which refines both your hard and your soft skills. Plus, USG Professionals gave me the chance to work as a legal consultant at an international client, a highly varied job!" Charlie Grell Legal consultant Work as a project consultant You will work for leading companies. You can also access the training and education you need to hone your skills. With an ever-expanding network of experts at your fingertips. Interested? Join us now. Apply now Latest project vacancies We have found jobs job for you. You cannot access this page or are no longer logged in. Log in again. An error has occurred. Please try again later. Close You have from jobs viewed. Jobs All jobs Projects Permanent position Navigate to Expert program Start2Freelance About us Team For Employers Make an appointment Specializations Engineering Science ICT HR Legal Finance Facility Contact us Spontaneous application Contact For permanent employees at USG Professionals Timesheets info@usgprofessionals.be Frankrijklei 101 2000 Antwerpen Member of Privacy Policy Admission numbers General conditions of use Disclaimer Cookie policy