United States Military Academy West Point Skip to main content secondary-nav Request More Info APPLY NOW Mon-Fri: 9:00 am-4:00 pm ET (845) 938-4041 606 Thayer Rd, West Point, NY 10996 Virtual Tour IN-PERSON VISIT GET APPLICATION HELP Search ✖ Search Prospective Cadets Parents Visitors Old Grads Community Cadets Faculty & Staff primary menu Apply Now About Academy Leadership History of West Point Modernization Plan Accreditation and Assessment Academy Events Academy News Academic Calendar Admissions Why West Point Steps to Admission Admissions Events Admissions Tours Tuition and Service Commitment Contact Admissions Team Summer Leaders Experience Virtual Tour Start an Application Application Login Academics Academic Program Majors and Minors Annual Theme Enrichment Opportunities Departments Military Education Military Program The Corps of Cadets Military Training Branch Education Athletics Physical Program Intramural Sports NCAA Teams Cadet Journey Leadership Development Milestones and Traditions Cadet Life Cadet Support Cadet Community The Journey Continues Research West Point Werx USMA Library West Point Press Prospective Cadets Parents Visitors Old Grads Community Cadets Faculty & Staff Request More Info APPLY NOW Mon-Fri: 9:00 am-4:00 pm ET (845) 938-4041 606 Thayer Rd, West Point, NY 10996 Virtual Tour IN-PERSON VISIT GET APPLICATION HELP Your browser doesn't support HTML video. Unlock Your Full Potential West Point is the world's preeminent leader development institution. Members of the Long Gray Line live by the motto "Duty, Honor, Country" and serve as leaders both in and out of uniform. Start a West Point application Unlock Your Full Potential West Point is the world's preeminent leader development institution. Members of the Long Gray Line live by the motto "Duty, Honor, Country" and serve as leaders both in and out of uniform. Start a West Point application The U.S. Military Academy at West Point The U.S. Military Academy's mission is "to build, educate, train, and inspire the Corps of Cadets to be commissioned leaders of character committed to the Army Values and ready for a lifetime of service to the Army and Nation." Learn more about West Point Start Your Journey Apply Now Forging the Future Leaders of America At West Point, our Corps of Cadets, 4,400 strong, represents the Nation's best. With an acceptance rate of just 12%, admission to West Point is highly competitive. We seek more than academic excellence; we look for well-rounded individuals who excel in leadership, physical fitness, and above all demonstrate unwavering character. Our rigorous selection process identifies those rare individuals who possess not only the ability to succeed at West Point but also the desire to serve their country as Army officers and beyond. If you're ready to challenge yourself and answer the call to leadership, West Point awaits. Learn more about admission to West Point Academic Excellence, Leadership for Life At West Point, academics and leadership go hand in hand. With 28 research centers , 36 majors , and a 7:1 student-to-faculty ratio , you’ll be challenged in the classroom and beyond as you grow into a leader of character. 28 Research Centers 36 Majors to Choose from 7:1 Student-to-Faculty Ratio Transforming to Address AI Challenges Explore West Point's approach Leader Development at West Point Cadets learn to live honorably, lead honorably, and demonstrate excellence during their time at the academy through a structured, integrated approach designed to produce leaders of character committed to the Army Values and ready for a lifetime of service to the Army and Nation. Academic Program West Point's Academic Program prepares graduates to think creatively and to express original ideas within a broad curriculum that balances the physical sciences and engineering with the behavioral and social sciences. Explore Academic Program Leadership Development Character is central to the 47-month West Point leadership development experience. This emphasis extends beyond the Honor Code and is woven into the Academic, Military, and Physical Programs to support the West Point motto - "Duty, Honor, Country." Explore Leadership Development Military Program West Point's Military Program is unmatched, providing a professional foundation in the American military ethic and the Army's core values and training in individual and small-unit leadership skills. Explore Military Program Physical Program West Point's Physical Program prepares cadets for the physically demanding requirements of an Army officer. Cadets develop the ability to maintain personal and unit fitness, foster the warrior spirit, build an appreciation for teamwork, and inspire the will to win. Explore Physical Program Your Path to Success Starts Here A West Point education sets you apart. With a guaranteed $70K salary upon graduation and 100% job placement , you’ll launch your career as a leader of character, ready to make an impact from day one. $70K Guaranteed Salary Upon Graduation 100% Job Placement after Graduation An Experience Like No Other The U.S. Military Academy is the premier leader development institution in the world. The Academy's integrated 47-month experience is unlike that at any other college.  Cadets are exposed to unique opportunities and forge bonds that last a lifetime.  West Point graduates are leaders of character in all walks of life - members of the Long Gray Line  - who are committed to the values of Duty, Honor, and Country. Learn more about the Cadet Journey Academy News & Events United States Military Academy launches the Department of Chemical and Biological Science and Engineering West Point expands academic modernization with development of Department of History and War Studies West Point Continues Academic Modernization to Meet Future Warfare Demands Cadet Cyber Team/EECS squad places second at NSA Cyber Exercise Dec 15 Fall Term End Exams (TEEs) Monday, December 15, 2025 Dec 19 December Graduation Friday, December 19, 2025 Dec 20 Winter Break Saturday, December 20, 2025 Jan 05 Reorganization Day Monday, January 5, 2026 Start Your Journey Apply Now Research with a Purpose Research is a strength of West Point and provides context to the classroom. West Point cadets are driven and faculty are world-class. The Army leverages this talent to solve its most complex problems. Explore research at West Point Partner with West Point Experience West Point Prospective cadets can get a taste of life at West Point virtually or in-person.  Learn what it's like to attend the world's preeminent leader development institution. Schedule an in-person tour Explore Summer Leaders Experience Take a virtual tour Follow Us on Social Media Keep up with what's happening at West Point. Community Public Affairs West Point Directory West Point Garrison Report a Website  Issue Learn More DoD Accessibility/Section 508 SHARP Equal Opportunity Jobs at West Point Trademark Information Privacy Policy Cadet Student Services Cadet Consumer Information Useful Links Board of Visitors Field Force Login Congressional Staff Login Request a Transcript FOIA External Links Disclaimer PAOinformation@westpoint.edu 606 Thayer Rd, West Point, NY 10996