Official list of embassies from the U.S. Department of State USEmbassy.gov [Skip to Content] Websites of U.S. Embassies, Consulates, Diplomatic Missions, and Offices Providing Consular Services Find by Country or Area Letter A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z A Afghanistan Albania Algeria Angola Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan U.S. Mission to ASEAN U.S. Mission to the African Union ⇧ B Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bolivia Bosnia & Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi ⇧ C Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Costa Rica Côte d’Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic ⇧ D Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominican Republic ⇧ E Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia U.S. Mission to the EU ⇧ F Fiji Finland France ⇧ G Gabon Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana The Gambia ⇧ H Haiti Holy See Honduras Hong Kong and Macau Hungary ⇧ I Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy U.S. Mission to the ICAO ⇧ J Jamaica Japan Jordan ⇧ K Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyz Republic ⇧ L Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Lithuania Luxembourg ⇧ M Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique ⇧ N Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Macedonia Norway U.S. Mission to NATO ⇧ O Oman U.S. Mission to the OAS U.S. Mission to the OECD U.S. Mission to the OSCE ⇧ P Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal ⇧ Q Qatar ⇧ R Republic of Congo Romania Russia Rwanda ⇧ S Samoa San Marino Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syria ⇧ T American Institute in Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad & Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan ⇧ U U.S. Mission to the UN-Geneva U.S. Mission to the UN-Rome U.S. Mission to the United Nations Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Uzbekistan ⇧ V U.S. Mission to International Organizations in Vienna Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam ⇧ W No posts could be found that matched the specified criteria. ⇧ X No posts could be found that matched the specified criteria. ⇧ Y Yemen ⇧ Z Zambia Zimbabwe ⇧ Footer Disclaimer This site is managed by the U.S. Department of State. External links to other Internet sites should not be construed as an endorsement of the views or privacy policies contained therein. State.gov Travel.state.gov Privacy Policy Cookie Settings We use cookies to make our website work better and improve your experience. By continuing to use the site, you agree to our privacy policy. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Cookie Settings We use cookies to make our website work better and improve your experience. By continuing to use the site, you agree to our privacy policy. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Cookie Settings Cookie Settings