United Service Organizations Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer Menu Close USO Homepage uso-logo-dark.svg Programs | Find a USO | Stories | Take Action | About Us | Give Monthly Search Volunteer Donate Multiply Your Impact for the Holidays Your gift today will be matched 4x to help bring vital support to service members facing the holidays away from home. GIVE A MATCHED GIFT TODAY We're with all service members & military families From the moment they enlist, through their assignments and deployments, and as they transition back to their communities, the people serving today can rely on the USO because of your support. Close San Antonio, Texas How an Airman’s Passion to Serve Led Him to a Successful Career in the Air Force When they enlist From the moment recruits swear an oath to military service, the USO stands behind them as they volunteer to serve our country. USO volunteers welcome new recruits at USO locations inside Military Entrance Processing Stations (MEPS). Introduce new recruits and their families to the wide range of USO support offered around the world. Provide a friendly, relaxing environment as they begin their military careers. Send a Care Package Tweet Share Close Southwest Asia We’re With Tucker: A Soldier Deployed to Iraq in Search of Community On the front lines When troops are ordered into combat zones, the USO provides a home away from home to help bridge the distance. Deliver the comforts of home through care packages , snacks, and refreshments. Provide entertainment by supporting celebrity USO tours , movies and video games. Connect service members with phone calls home and free Wi-Fi access inside our centers. Learn more about our centers Share a Message of Support Tweet Share Close Fayetteville, North Carolina We’re With Brett: A Father Staying Close to His Kids Throughout Deployment via the USO and Their Family’s Love of Reading With their families The USO keeps military families strong, no matter where their service may take them. Connect soldiers and their families with phone calls home and video chats. Strengthen communities with military spouse networking and activities for kids . Provide wellness activities with family workshops, gaming and fitness programming. All Family Programs Gift a phone call home Tweet Share Close Eastern Europe In Remote Locations in Syria, Service Members and the USO Work Together to Improve Troops’ Quality of Life Away from home We’re always by the side of our service members – no matter where they are – with our global network of USO centers, programs and volunteers. Programs to build stronger relationships with home and each other. Holiday Care Packages , delivered for winter, spring, summer and fall, feature seasonal items to help troops celebrate American holidays. State-of-the-art Mobile USO vehicles offer service members the same support the USO provides in an airport or installation location. Learn more about programs delivered worldwide Become a Volunteer Tweet Share Close Bethesda, Maryland USO is a kind face in the darkest hour - Read More In their hour of need When war takes a physical toll, the USO is there to offer comfort and support to wounded, ill and injured troops and their families. Provide information, programming and community support at two warrior centers near Washington, D.C., and another in Landstuhl, Germany. When a service member makes the ultimate sacrifice , the USO embraces loved ones at every step of their journey to Dover Air Force Base, Delaware. Support military families through partnerships with military veteran organizations. Make an Honor Gift Tweet Share Close Tacoma, Washington One-on-one support during transition Transitioning home When military service to the nation is complete, the USO helps service members and their families successfully transition into civilian life. Develop a clear plan for the future as they transition out of the military . Offer one-on-one support and access to local community networks and resources to help service members reach personal and professional goals. Host summits, workshops and networking events for transitioning service members and military spouses. Learn More About USO Pathfinder Tweet Share When they enlist Close When they enlist From the moment recruits swear an oath to military service, the USO stands behind them as they volunteer to serve our country. USO volunteers welcome new recruits at USO locations inside Military Entrance Processing Stations (MEPS). Introduce new recruits and their families to the wide range of USO support offered around the world. Provide a friendly, relaxing environment as they begin their military careers. Send a Care Package Tweet Share On the front lines Close On the front lines When troops are ordered into combat zones, the USO provides a home away from home to help bridge the distance. Deliver the comforts of home through care packages , snacks, and refreshments. Provide entertainment by supporting celebrity USO tours , movies and video games. Connect service members with phone calls home and free Wi-Fi access inside our centers. Learn more about our centers Share a Message of Support Tweet Share With their families Close With their families The USO keeps military families strong, no matter where their service may take them. Connect soldiers and their families with phone calls home and video chats. Strengthen communities with military spouse networking and activities for kids . Provide wellness activities with family workshops, gaming and fitness programming. All Family Programs Gift a phone call home Tweet Share Away from home Close Away from home We’re always by the side of our service members – no matter where they are – with our global network of USO centers, programs and volunteers. Programs to build stronger relationships with home and each other. Holiday Care Packages , delivered for winter, spring, summer and fall, feature seasonal items to help troops celebrate American holidays. State-of-the-art Mobile USO vehicles offer service members the same support the USO provides in an airport or installation location. Learn more about programs delivered worldwide Become a Volunteer Tweet Share In their hour of need Close In their hour of need When war takes a physical toll, the USO is there to offer comfort and support to wounded, ill and injured troops and their families. Provide information, programming and community support at two warrior centers near Washington, D.C., and another in Landstuhl, Germany. When a service member makes the ultimate sacrifice , the USO embraces loved ones at every step of their journey to Dover Air Force Base, Delaware. Support military families through partnerships with military veteran organizations. Make an Honor Gift Tweet Share Transitioning home Close Transitioning home When military service to the nation is complete, the USO helps service members and their families successfully transition into civilian life. Develop a clear plan for the future as they transition out of the military . Offer one-on-one support and access to local community networks and resources to help service members reach personal and professional goals. Host summits, workshops and networking events for transitioning service members and military spouses. Learn More About USO Pathfinder Tweet Share Your support can help 5 million service members and their families 250+ locations around the globe 20,000 annual volunteers Program-Participants_blue_outline 6.5 million USO program and service participants 32,000+ service members provided USO Entertainment around the world 350,000 Transition program attendees network Created with Sketch. 3.3+ million messages of support sent 250+ locations around the globe 20,000 annual volunteers Program-Participants_blue_outline 6.5 million USO program and service participants 32,000+ service members provided USO Entertainment around the world 350,000 Transition program attendees network Created with Sketch. 3.3+ million messages of support sent Mapbox © Mapbox | © OpenStreetMap | Improve this map For the People Who Serve™ We go where no other nonprofits can to make service members feel supported and understood. Share a message of support Share a message Gift a phone call home Gift a call Follow us on Facebook Like us Sign Up for Updates Be the first to learn about news, service member stories and fundraising updates from USO. Email Mobile Phone Number Submit By participating, you agree to the Mobile Messaging Terms for recurring autodialed donation messages from USO to the phone number you provide & to the Privacy Policy . No consent required to buy. Msg&data rates may apply. Take Action The USO relies on your support to help service members and their families. Ways to Support Programs Find a USO Stories Take Action Corporate Partners Leadership Giving Memorial Giving Ways to Support About Us The Organization Leadership Careers Contact Us FAQs Give Monthly Search uso-logo-light United Service Organization Ways to Support USO Admissions Policy Careers Wishbook Media Room Find A USO Volunteer Share Your Story USO Store follow facebook twitter youtube instagram linkedin The USO is a not-for-profit organization and not part of the Department of Defense (DoD). The appearance of DoD visual information does not imply or constitute DoD endorsement. Telephone: +1 (888) 484 3876 Address: PO Box 96860   
Washington, DC 20077-7677 Contact FAQs Terms of Use Privacy State Disclosures ©2025 USO, Inc. All Rights Reserved.