Singapore Cloud VPS, Dedicated Server Hosting and Domain Registration Products Cloud SSD VPS Dedicated Server Managed WordPress Hosting Web Hosting Domain Names Microsoft 365 Web Security SSL Certificate Sucuri Website Security Cloudflare Booster Imunify360 Adaptive Defense Symantec Endpoint Protection Email Spam Filtering Community Contact us Login Create Account Best Web Hosting Provider We provide Complete Cloud Hosting Solutions Usonyx aim to provide complete cloud hosting solutions from VPS to Dedicated Server. Get on board with us and enjoy the best web hosting experience. Dedicated Server All of Usonyx servers are powered by Dell PowerEdge series and connected to massive pool of Singapore premium bandwidth that are great for maximum responsiveness and reliability to cater heavy visitor traffic demand in Asia. More SG Domain Name Express your great idea with the perfect domain name! Search and register your favourite domain name, Websites with localized domains tend to be more stable in search results during search engine algorithms change compared to .COM. More Hosted in Singapore The Hosting Capital of Asia Singapore, the most popular hosting destination for top quality websites in Asia. Singapore comprises 54% of datacenter capacity in South East Asia Web GIANTS like Netflix, Oracle, and IBM have chosen to host in Singapore. Usonyx Data Center, Rack Central 1 (RC1), a carrier-class Tier 3 Internet Data Centre located in Tai Seng Drive, Singapore. Connectivity Interconnect with other PEN enabled facilities across Asia-Pacific for fully automated bandwidth provisioning Facility 155,000 sq ft dedicated data center facility with 1,500 IT rack capacity, Tier III facility certified by Uptime Institute. Security Our Data Center combines stringent physical security measures with electronic access control systems to ensure the safety and security of hosted equipment. 24×7 Multilingual Customer Service Support We have the Customer Service Center provides single point of contact, round-the-clock support for all customers worldwide. Optimised & Redundant Network We built our network with redundancy in mind; our two geo-location data centers in Singapore were connected at the speed of 2x10Gbps! Experience the network performance via our looking glass here. 99.9% Uptime Guarantee The availability of your hosting service is our top priority. We stand by that fact with our uptime guarantee with the built in of the redundant network and enterprise grade of hardware in place. We are located in AZ Paya Lebar, Singapore Usoynx, began in 2000, the wholly owned subsidiary of Exabytes Group of Companies, a leading cloud solutions provider in Southeast Asia. Rate Us Our Customers Found This Helpful Warning :  Undefined array key "template" in /home/usonyx/public_html/wp-content/plugins/gd-rating-system/rating/base.embed.php on line 226 Usonyx Valued Customers As Featured In WebHostingSecretRevealed.net The Web Hosting Power House of South East Asia? We were delighted to have WebHostingSecretRevealed founder Jerry Low stop by Exabytes (our parent company) to conduct an interview with us and write a case study of our company. WHSR has built a reputation for creating in-depth hosting guides, insightful industry articles, and unbiased web hosting reviews for different brands and providers across the web. Follow us We accept: Verified by Copyright © 2023 USONYX PTE LTD. All prices in Singapore Dollars (S$) and inclusive of GST. All trademarks and copyrights belong to their respective owners. About Us Partner Program Affiliate Program Billing Server Speed Test Policy Reviews Corporate Governance Announcement: We wish to inform you Usonyx will now be operating under Exabytes. Click here for more information.