Skip to main content

An official website of the United States government

Here’s how you know keyboard_arrow_down

Jump to main content

USPTO - United States Patent and Trademark Office
User account menu
About UsJobsContact UsMyUSPTO
Search:
Search
Main navigation
Patents
Trademarks
IP Policy
Learning and Resources
Find It Fast
Creating heaven from organized chaos

Ted Hoff co-invented the microprocessor, found in nearly every modern electronic device.

Public Events 
Initiatives 
New to Intellectual Property?
Patent basics
Trademark basics
Identify what kind of IP you have
Inventor & entrepreneur resources
Access our free services
Training and education events
USPTO in your region
Latest news
Blog
Remarks
Montana selected for new USPTO community engagement office location

The USPTO reimagines its community engagement footprint as an agile model to meet innovators where they are.

USPTO extends comment period for One Challenge NPRM

We are extending the comment period for the “Revision to Rules of Practice before the Patent Trial and Appeal Board,” or One Challenge NPRM, until December 2, 2025.

USPTO launches new Streamlined Claim Set Pilot Program to further reduce patent pendency

Under this new initiative, certain pending utility patent applications that have no more than one independent claim and ten total claims may be advanced out of turn for their first Office action.

Trilateral Offices meet to discuss ways to enhance patent quality and improve efficiency

USPTO Director John A. Squires hosted the Trilateral Offices for the 43rd annual meeting at the USPTO headquarters in Alexandria, Virginia.

USPTO launches new AI Pilot for pre-examination utility application search

The Artificial Intelligence Search Automated Pilot Program will provide applicants with AI prior art search results to improve examination quality and efficiency.

mail
Subscribe
article
More news
Scams are on the rise
Common signs of trademark scams

Whether you've applied for a patent or registered for a trademark, scammers may try to exploit you. Learn how to spot fake communications or offers and protect your intellectual property.

Patent scams Trademark scams

USPTO.GOV ACCOUNT

Create an account for a streamlined, personalized experience

USPTO HOUR

Tune in to our series to learn more about the USPTO

VIDEO

How to check your trademark application status
share Share this page     print Print this page
Additional information  about this page

Receive updates from the USPTO

Enter your email to subscribe or update your preferences
Subscribe
About the USPTOSearch for patentsSearch for trademarks
US Department of Commerce
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Financial and Performance Data
Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
Freedom of Information Act
Inspector General
NoFEAR Act
USA.gov
USPTO - United States Patent and Trademark Office
Follow us 
USPTO Facebook page
 
USPTO Instagram page
 
USPTO Linkedin page
 
USPTO X page
 
USPTO Youtube page