University of Southern Queensland | UniSQ Skip to content Toggle navigation Open Search Search Term Search Close Search UConnect Study Study Degrees and courses Mature-age students Career Finder Pathways to Uni High school students Key dates Undergraduate study Parents and guardians Study online Postgraduate study Information for Schools Fees and scholarships Research degrees and PhD International students UniSQ Stories Find out how to apply to study at UniSQ. Apply to UniSQ Current Students Current Students New to UniSQ Your study UniSQ Handbook Important dates Services and support Careers and graduation Student life and opportunities Students as Partners Student events Get in touch and find answers to frequently asked questions. Need help? Ask UniSQ Research Research Higher degrees by research Graduate Research School Partner with us Research institutes and centres SQNNSW Innovation Hub iLAuNCH CRDC ACDC Explore our areas of research strength. UniSQ flagships Alumni Alumni Alumni benefits Alumnus of the Year Awards Contribute to UniSQ Career services Connect with UniSQ and your fellow alumni. Update your details About About Governance and leadership Our schools Jobs at UniSQ Our values and culture UniSQ News Locations Accommodation UniSQ Events Contributing to our communities There are many ways you can make a difference, and your support can transform lives. Give to UniSQ Open Search Library International Contact UConnect Search Term Search Close Search You'll lead from here Achieve your goals in 2026. Explore our degrees and start working towards your new future. Personalised campus tour Explore UniSQ with a tour tailored to your interests. Book now. The latest from UniSQ From award-students to groundbreaking new research – peruse our newsroom and stay up to date. Find a degree Arts and Communication Aviation Business Education and Teaching Engineering and Surveying Health Information Technology Law Sciences and Agriculture + New degrees Other study options Pathways Double degrees Short courses Be ambitious and find your dream degree career Explore careers Already know what you want to study? Apply Enquire World-class UniSQ is within the top 2% of universities worldwide. Positive experience We’re rated five out of five stars by postgraduate starting salary. Priority research UniSQ is one of only six lead Australian Trailblazer universities and spearheads space manufacturing research of national priority. Discover more UniSQ News Professor Paul Mazerolle appointed next UniSQ Vice-Chancellor Outstanding achievements honoured at 2025 Alumni Awards Explore all news UniSQ Events Explore all UniSQ upcoming events. Find out more Choose your location Toowoomba A thriving learning community located in Australia’s largest inland city. Springfield A close-knit study environment located just 30mins from Brisbane. Ipswich A vibrant learning atmosphere located just 30mins from Brisbane. Online A first-class education with the ultimate flexibility. Learn your way, wherever you are. UniSQ Brisbane Located in Australia’s fastest-growing city, Brisbane. UniSQ Brisbane is a vibrant engagement hub for business, industry, and government collaboration. Learn more Let us help you find what you're looking for iconnect Our locations: UniSQ Toowoomba - Student Central (R Block) UniSQ Springfield - Atrium (B Block) UniSQ Ipswich - Library (H Block) Call us Phone: +61 7 4631 5316 Free call: 1800 269 500 Monday - Friday 9am - 5pm (AEST) Public Holidays - Closed Live chat Monday - Friday 9am - 5pm (AEST) Public Holidays - Closed Ask UniSQ Find answers to frequently asked questions and get in touch. UniSQ acknowledges the First Nations of southern Queensland and their ongoing connection to Country, lands, and waterways. We pay deep respects to Elders past and present. Quick links Study Current Students Research Alumni About Information for Undergraduate study Postgraduate study Pathways to Uni Research degrees and PhD International students Engage Contact News Events Locations Give to UniSQ Connect UniSQ on Twitter UniSQ on Facebook UniSQ on Youtube UniSQ on linkedin UniSQ on Instagram UniSQ on TikTok Apply to UniSQ Enquire now © University of Southern Queensland 2025. UniSQ is a member of the Regional Universities Network. CRICOS: QLD 00244B, NSW 02225M  TEQSA: PRV12081 | About site