Skip to main content
Trade Agreements
Countries & Regions
Trade Topics
News
About
Trade Agreements Countries & Regions Trade Topics News About
"I am convinced that American workers, farmers, ranchers, and service providers can compete with anyone else in the world, in this market and beyond – so long as they have a level playing field."
News
December 22, 2025
Op-Ed by Ambassador Jamieson Greer: The Year of the Tariff
Press Release
December 17, 2025
Ambassador Greer Reported to Congress on the Operation of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement
Press Release
December 12, 2025
United States Seeks Mexico’s Review of Alleged Denial of Workers’ Rights at Bernhard Schulte Shipmanagement México / PMI Norteamérica Facility
Press Release
December 12, 2025
United States Seeks Mexico’s Review of Alleged Denial of Workers’ Rights at Mondelez Mexico Facility
Press Release
VIEW MORE
Leadership
United States Trade Representative
Jamieson Greer

Ambassador Jamieson Greer was confirmed by the U.S. Senate as the 20th United States Trade Representative on February 27, 2025. As a key member of President Trump’s cabinet, Ambassador Greer has made it a priority to put America First on trade by combating unfair foreign trade practices, expanding market access for Made in America products, and ensuring the United States has balance and reciprocity in its trading relationships.

Ambassador Greer returns to USTR after previously serving as Chief of Staff to Ambassador Robert Lighthizer during President Trump’s first term. In that role, he was deeply involved in the Administration’s implementation of tariffs on China and subsequent negotiation of the U.S.-China Phase One Agreement. He also was a critical part of USTR’s efforts to negotiate, and obtain congressional approval for, the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA).

Outside of government service, Ambassador Greer was a partner at a Washington law firm where his practice focused on international trade and national security issues. Earlier in his career, Ambassador Greer served in the U.S. Air Force Judge Advocate General’s Corps, including a deployment to Iraq.

He received his J.D. from the University of Virginia School of Law and a joint Master in Global Business Law from l’Institut d’Etudes Politiques de Paris (Sciences Po) and l’Université de Paris I Panthéon-Sorbonne. He graduated with a B.A. in International Studies from Brigham Young University.

Priorities

Pursuing trade and economic policies that put the American economy, the American worker, and our national security first.

Learn More  
Stay in the Know
Get direct updates from USTR in your inbox.
SUBSCRIBE
600 17th Street NW
Washington, DC 20508
News
Press Releases
Reports and Publications
Fact Sheets
Speeches and Remarks
Blog and Op-Eds
Initiatives
Presidential Tariff Actions
USMCA
WTO
Free Trade Agreements
About
Organization
Leadership
Policy Offices
Advisory Committees
Archives
Careers
Internship
LEGAL
USTR.gov/open
Privacy & Legal
Notices
FOIA & Privacy Act
Attorney Jobs