Choose UTC | University of Tennessee at Chattanooga Skip to main content Open search field Search Hide Search UTC New Brandbar Menu About Academics Campus Life Admissions & Aid Athletics Give I am... » ...a student. ...a veteran. ...an alum. ...a parent. ...faculty or staff. Quick Links » Calendar Campus News Canvas Change Password Class Schedule Crisis Resources Library Mocs Mail+ MocSync MyMocsNet O365 Apply Now About Academics Campus Life Admissions & Aid Athletics Give I am... » ...a student. ...a veteran. ...an alum. ...a parent. ...faculty or staff. Quick Links » Calendar Campus News Canvas Change Password Class Schedule Crisis Resources Library Mocs Mail+ MocSync MyMocsNet O365 UTC RAVE Alert Image BUILD CONNECTIONS Make lasting memories Create lasting friendships and community contacts at UTC. Apply Now Become a Moc! Take the first step to your own best. APPLY TODAY! Learn more about Become a Moc! Explore UTC Discover our treasures and the possibilities of your future. Learn more about Explore UTC Financial Aid and Scholarships See how affordable a UTC education really is. Learn more about Financial Aid and Scholarships UTC Cares Find the support you need including counseling and crisis support resources. Crisis and Counseling Resources Image Housing College doesn't just happen in a classroom. See all our housing options UTC News Get the latest news at UTC. Learn more about UTC News UTC Events Calendar Find out about the latest events happening at UTC. Learn more about UTC Events Calendar In Crisis? We are here for you with a 24/7 Crisis Response Service. Learn more about In Crisis? Image Be that Moc Inspire, nurture and empower At UTC our goal is to inspire, nurture and empower scholarship, creativity, discovery, innovation and entrepreneurial initiatives. Find your place at UTC Student organizations, athletics, campus recreation and more. Learn more about Find your place at UTC Strategic Plan View and download Learn more about Strategic Plan Space holder Latest News Top 20 of ’25: A year’s worth of cheers Dr. Mina Sartipi named interim vice chancellor for research at UTC Ask, observe, connect: Finding answers that make an impact John “Art” Phillips Sales Institute established at UTC with gift from Phillips family Inventanooga showcases student pitches from future innovators UTC Vice Chancellor for Research Reinhold Mann announces retirement UTC researchers and Hamilton County educators turn NSF project into hydrogen energy publication Golden girls of nursing: UTC legends reflect on a legacy A decade, four sisters and one University at fall 2025 commencement University of Tennessee at Chattanooga University of Tennessee at Chattanooga 615 McCallie Ave, Chattanooga, TN, 37403 423-425-4111 UTC Info for Students Faculty and Staff Alumni and Friends Parents Emergency Preparedness Parking Visit Social Media Links UTC Shortcuts MyMocsNet O365 Change Password People Directory Event Calendar Work at UTC CAS Login Questions? © 2025 University of Tennessee at Chattanooga. All rights reserved. 615 McCallie Avenue   |   Chattanooga, TN 37403   | (423) 425‑4111 Title IX Statement | Privacy Statement | Accessibility | Web Services A comprehensive, community-engaged campus of the University of Tennessee System and partner in the Tennessee Transfer Pathway . Scroll to the top