The University of Texas at Austin retweet icon bullhorn icon reply icon info icon flickr icon tumblr icon vimeo icon reddit icon podcast icon angle-down icon angle-left icon angle-right icon angle-up icon ban icon hamburger icon book icon bookmark icon bug icon caret-down icon caret-left icon caret-right icon caret-up icon chain icon check icon check-circle icon chevron-down icon chevron-left icon chevron-right icon chevron-up icon circle icon circle-o icon clone icon close icon download-cloud icon code icon download icon ellipsis icon envelope icon warning icon external-link icon eye icon eye-slash icon facebook icon github icon google-plus icon heart icon heart-o icon home icon info-circle icon instagram icon linkedin icon lock icon medium icon minus-circle icon send icon pause-circle icon play-circle icon plus-circle icon question-circle icon quote-left icon quote-right icon rss-square icon search icon share-alt icon slack icon snapchat icon ticket icon twitter icon wheelchair icon youtube icon Skip to main content The University of Texas at Austin Menu Header: Audiences Students Faculty & Staff Families & Visitors Alumni Athletics Search Header: Utility links Maps Directory UT Direct Give Apply The University of Texas at Austin About Academics Academic Experience Areas of Study Extended Campus Cockrell School of Engineering College of Education College of Fine Arts College of Liberal Arts College of Natural Sciences College of Pharmacy Dell Medical School Graduate School Jackson School of Geosciences LBJ School of Public Affairs McCombs School of Business Moody College of Communication School of Architecture School of Civic Leadership School of Information School of Law School of Nursing School of Social Work Texas Statement on Academic Integrity Admission & Aid Be a Longhorn What Starts Here Changes the World. It's more than a motto. It’s what we prove each and every day, as Texas and its Exes advance discovery and innovation on a global stage. Join us. Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions School of Law Admissions Dell Medical School Admissions Campus Visits Financial Aid Tuition & Costs Campus Life Texas Statement on Academic Integrity A statement that defines our character as a flagship university and affirms our duty to teach with academic honesty. Learn more Arts & Culture Campus Destinations Health & Well-being Housing & Dining Life in Austin Report Misconduct Safety & Security Student Involvement Research & Innovation TEXAS Energy Led by top-ranked schools, multidisciplinary programs and world-class researchers, UT brings together experts from across the university, industry and government. See Our Impact Overview Texas Energy Texas Entrepreneurship Texas AI Medical Center Student Research Units & Centers Libraries Off-Campus Research Sites Experts Guide News Pause button Pause button What Starts Here Changes The World Celebrate the Season at Longhorn Lights The Year in Tower Lightings: 2025 Tackling Dementia From Every Angle UT News Texas Today Calendar Boundless Ambition With Texas Roots At The University of Texas at Austin, we are leading and innovating at scale. From classrooms to stadiums, studios to labs, what starts here doesn’t just set a high standard — it raises it, empowering generations to achieve more and lead with purpose. The Longhorn Experience A better way, a better outcome, a better world. The UT experience reflects the spirit of Texas itself: bold, ambitious, always striving. UT students dive into hands-on research, solve real-world challenges and shape their own paths in a city known for innovation and creativity. Be a Longhorn 1 Public University in Texas 7 Public University in the U.S. Big Ideas. Bigger Impact. From advancing health care to redefining industries, UT researchers tackle the problems that matter most. Our faculty and students make breakthrough discoveries that earn global recognition, transform lives and create a ripple effect felt across Texas and around the world. Learn More About UT Research 1291 PATENTS IN THE LAST 10 YEARS 4660 EXTERNALLY SPONSORED PROJECTS 1.14 TOTAL EXPENDITURES IN FY24 1.14 billion dollars Learning With Purpose For generations, UT has prepared visionary leaders ready to meet the future head-on. We equip our students to ask big questions, expand their minds and advance society — driving progress that lasts well beyond their time on the Forty Acres, the nickname for UT’s original central campus. Explore Degree Programs 76 Undergraduate and Graduate Programs in the Top 10 170 Areas of Study For Texas, For the Future As the state's flagship university, UT exists first and foremost to serve Texas and Texans. We fuel innovation, develop tomorrow's leaders and partner with communities, industries and government to create a stronger, brighter future for all. See Our Impact on Texas UT ADDS 18 18 billion dollars TO THE TEXAS ECONOMY PER YEAR 122 122 thousand Jobs Supported Across Texas By Alumni Connect with UT Austin Find us on Facebook Find us on X Find us on Instagram Find us on Linkedin Find us on Youtube Starts with you Contact Us Disability Resources Emergency Information Jobs Policies & Reporting Site Policies State & System Resources Digital Accessibility Policy Web Privacy Policy © The University of Texas at Austin 2025