Utility and Energy Transmission & Distribution News | Utility Dive Skip to main content CONTINUE TO SITE ➞ Don't miss tomorrow's electric utility industry news Let Utility Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox. Daily Dive M-F Storage Weekly Every Tuesday Load Management Weekly Every Wednesday In partnership with Renewable Energy Weekly Every Thursday In partnership with By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Topics Sign up Search Sign up Search Generation T&D Grid Reliability Electrification Load Management Renewables Storage DER Regs Corp News The image by Chris Light is licensed under CC BY-SA 4.0 DOE orders Indiana coal units totaling more than 950 MW to run past retirement dates The Energy Department’s "emergency” orders affect generating units that Northern Indiana Public Service Co. and CenterPoint Energy planned to shutter on Dec. 31. Read more ➔ Top stories Senate Democrats end permitting reform talks over offshore wind freeze Energy industry dealmaking soared in 2025 on large utility, IPP mergers Prepaid leases, data center dollars key for DERs in 2026: Enphase executive Home efficiency upgrades could offset data center loads while creating jobs: report Trump administration halts all large-scale offshore wind projects under construction in US The Latest Mario Tama via Getty Images Opinion Using scenario modeling to address uncertainty in the clean energy transition Scenario modeling and forecasting gives us the ability to answer multiple “what-ifs” and explore many futures before committing to one, making it a crucial tool during the energy transition, writes Kaushik Telgaonkar. Grid Security & Reliability Joe Raedle via Getty Images Why the SPEED Act may slow down after passing the House In January, lawmakers face the expiration of a temporary government funding deal and impending midterms, complicating the bill's advancement. But observers say there is more urgency now than ever before to reform energy infrastructure permitting. Generation Scott Olson via Getty Images Texas sues Xcel over Panhandle fires The state is asking for monetary compensation, as well as court orders preventing Xcel from recovering fire costs from customers and from marketing its equipment as safe. Updated Dec. 22, 2025 Grid Security & Reliability Mario Tama via Getty Images Opinion What the Western REC registry shake-up means for corporate clean energy The process of rebuilding the Western Renewable Energy Generation Information System creates near-term uncertainties and risks, Roger Ballentine of Green Strategies writes. Renewables Retrieved from R. Eskalis/NIST . NIST adds to AI security guidance with cybersecurity framework profile Organizations have a new resource to map AI considerations onto the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s most famous security blueprint. Grid Security & Reliability Retrieved from Federal Energy Regulatory Commission . FERC members raise alarms about PJM failure to meet reliability target PJM says several factors could close the capacity shortfall, including a new load forecast next month that could be significantly lower than the last due to stricter vetting of potential large loads and a reduced economic outlook. Generation The image by Peretzp is licensed under CC BY-SA 3.0 FERC orders PJM to craft large load colocation rules The decision is a win for independent power producers with gas-fired and nuclear power plants in the PJM Interconnection, according to Capstone analysts. Generation Jeff Swensen via Getty Images The week in 5 numbers: PJM did it again In other news, 2025 is shaping up to be another record year for new energy storage installations. With Ford entering the market, the industry expects continued growth, despite some bumps in the road. Generation Mario Tama via Getty Images California PUC lowers utilities’ return on equity by 0.3 percentage points During a hearing to vote on the proposal, commissioners discussed the difficulty of balancing affordability for ratepayers with the need for utilities to access capital as they manage wildfire risk. Updated Dec. 19, 2025 Regulation & Policy Getty Images House passes permitting reform bill with anti-offshore wind amendment The amendment was “absolutely critical for preserving the Trump administration’s ability to continue its much-need reviews of ocean wind projects,” said Rep. Chris Smith, R-N.J. Renewables Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images Court agrees to rehear $14B climate funding freeze case The nonprofit recipients of $14 billion in Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund grants frozen by the EPA are scheduled to have their case reheard by the full U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in February. Renewables Ron Jenkins via Getty Images Opinion Energy evolution: Meeting the demands of an AI-powered world By pairing human expertise with AI-driven insights and forging collaborations across industries, we can build an energy ecosystem that is reliable and affordable for all, EPRI’s Remi Raphael writes. Generation Permission granted by PJM Interconnection PJM capacity prices hit record high as grid operator falls short of reliability target A 6.6-GW shortfall could trigger a backstop procurement to bolster PJM’s reserve margin, according to Jefferies analysts. Generation The image by Steven Baltakatei Sandoval is licensed under CC BY-SA 4.0 DOE orders 730-MW TransAlta coal plant in Washington to keep running The Department of Energy could issue similar emergency orders for at least five other coal-fired power plants set to shutter at the end of the month, according to Earthjustice. Generation Mario Tama via Getty Images Turing test-inspired tool compares virtual power plants to gas peakers EnergyHub’s “Huels test” asks whether a grid operator can distinguish between a gas peaker plant and a VPP based on their operational characteristics. To pass, the VPP must match the visibility, “schedulability” and availability of a peaker. Load Management, Efficiency & Demand Response Diana DiGangi/Utility Dive Large load tariffs could streamline interconnection by shrinking queues: Enverus “Anyone with an acre of land they think they could put a data center on is putting in an interconnection request,” said energy research analyst Adam Robinson. Generation Mario Tama via Getty Images Manufacturers prefer price hikes over reshoring to combat tariff effects A survey revealed 86% of manufacturers plan to pass on at least some of their cost increases. Raw material price increases averaged 5.4% for 2025 but are projected to see an overall increase of 4.4% in 2026. Regulation & Policy Getty Images Opinion Hybrid heating: A bridge to decarbonization or a road to obsolescence for gas utilities? Combining heat pumps with gas furnaces can help manage winter peaks, lower energy costs and cut carbon emissions. But this approach requires well-structured regulatory frameworks and cost-recovery mechanisms, West Monroe experts write. Building & Transportation Electrification Courtesy of NineDot Energy 2025 on track for record storage deployments: WoodMac “Despite new federal policies and tariffs, the market fundamentals remain exceptionally strong,” said Allison Feeney, a research analyst at Wood Mackenzie. Energy Storage Courtesy of Ford Motor Co. Ford scraps EV plans, shifts to stationary energy storage Ford will convert plants in Kentucky and Michigan to produce lithium iron phosphate batteries, including 20-foot DC container systems of the type used by data centers, utilities and large-scale industrial and commercial customers. Building & Transportation Electrification Courtesy of BlueOval SK SK On pivots to stationary energy storage after Ford joint venture ends The manufacturer says it will continue to supply EV batteries to Ford. However, it plans to focus more on “profitable and sustainable growth” in the U.S. by selling to other customers as well, including stationary energy storage systems. Energy Storage Kena Betancur via Getty Images Opinion New role for nuclear power emerges in New York energy plan New York’s recently-approved energy plan indicates that new nuclear power plants could lower the cost of reaching a carbon-free power system by 2040, Clean Air Task Force advocates write. Generation David McNew via Getty Images SBTi opens pilot for power sector net-zero standard The Science Based Targets initiative is looking for companies in the energy industry to test the practicality and usefulness of the draft framework. Generation Getty Images Power producers ask FERC to reverse MISO’s $280M capacity auction ‘adjustment’ The Midcontinent Independent System Operator faces two complaints over its handling of a software error that affected the results of its last planning resource auction. Generation Darren McCollester via Getty Images ISO-NE opposes refund to BP Energy Retail Co. for $6M in billing errors Eversource Energy and the Retail Energy Supply Association urged the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to approve a resettlement for all affected power suppliers. Regulation & Policy More stories Get the free newsletter Subscribe to Utility Dive for top news, trends & analysis Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Storage Weekly Every Tuesday Select Newsletter: Load Management Weekly Every Wednesday Select Newsletter: Renewable Energy Weekly Every Thursday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Most Popular DOE orders Indiana coal units totaling more than 950 MW to run past retirement dates Trump administration halts all large-scale offshore wind projects under construction in US Senate Democrats end permitting reform talks over offshore wind freeze Energy industry dealmaking soared in 2025 on large utility, IPP mergers Library resources Playbook How to build a secure, future-ready utility grid Custom content for Semtech Playbook Mega Project Framework: Programmatic Strategies for a New Energy Era Custom content for POWER Engineers and WSP Infographic How to Turn Compliance Into a Competitive Advantage Custom content for Veriforce View all Company Announcements View all | Post a press release What We're Reading Washington Post Supersized data centers are coming. See how they will transform America. Bloomberg Alphabet to Buy Data Center Partner Intersect for $4.75 Billion Reuters Equinor says it is complying with stop work order for US offshore wind project View all Events View all | Promote an event Industry Intel Integrating Geospatial Data and Analytics Into Your Cloud Strategy: A Game Changer For Utilities Webinar - on demand • Provided by Korem Reducing Grid Strain With Automated Energy Management for EV Charging Webinar - on demand • Provided by Amply Utility Dive news delivered to your inbox Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Storage Weekly Every Tuesday Select Newsletter: Load Management Weekly Every Wednesday Select Newsletter: Renewable Energy Weekly Every Thursday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Explore About Editorial Team Contact Us Newsletter Purchase Licensing Rights Press Releases What We're Reading Reach our audience Advertising Post a press release Submit an opinion piece Promote an event Related Publications Smart Cities Dive Waste Dive Industry Dive is an Informa TechTarget business. © 2025 TechTarget, Inc. or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved. | View our other publications | Privacy policy | Terms of use | Take down policy . Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell This website is owned and operated by Informa TechTarget, part of a global network that informs, influences and connects the world's technology buyers and sellers. All copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. TechTarget, Inc.'s registered office is 275 Grove St. Newton, MA 02466. Search Home Topics Generation T&D Grid Reliability Electrification Load Management Renewables Storage DER Regs Corp News Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Get Utility Dive in your inbox The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Storage Weekly Every Tuesday Select Newsletter: Load Management Weekly Every Wednesday Select Newsletter: Renewable Energy Weekly Every Thursday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter.