Skip to content
REQUEST INFO
VISIT
APPLY
GIVE
SEARCH
Academics
Admissions & Aid
Campus Life
Research
About
WELCOME TO ROCKY TOP

Request more info

Schedule a visit

This is where you’ll make discoveries, memories, and lifelong connections. Visit campus and picture your life as a volunteer.

Admitted to UT?
Confirm enrollment now

Programs you’re looking for

Study what you love while working alongside supportive, expert faculty who prioritize hands-on research and service-learning.

Explore 900+ programs of study

Discover 70+ fully online programs

Dig deeper with research

All of my faculty care not only about my work and my research but me as a person and how I’m doing.

JULIET
(’23)
Communication and Political Science
Franklin, TN
Welcome home

Volunteers come from around the globe, and UT quickly feels like home. Whether you’re an undergraduate or graduate student, our 450+ student clubs will make it easy for you to find your people.

Discover life on campus
 

You’ll find everything you need on our 920-acre campus. Vols have over 30 dining options, several recreational facilities, and access to an on-campus Student Health Center.

Come see us

There’s an undeniable energy on our campus, located in the heart of Knoxville. It’s a city with a small-town feel where you could walk downtown for ice cream at Cruze Farm Dairy and Ice Cream or kayak on the Tennessee River. There’s always something to do here!

Plan your visit

Explore Knoxville

Invest in your success

Your goals for the future matter to us at UT, and we want to help you achieve them. Between our student success initiatives, attentive professors, and financial aid and scholarship opportunities, you’ll find support every step of the way toward your degree.

Learn more about tuition and aid

When I got accepted into UT, I received scholarships that allowed me to continue my education as well as … my extra endeavors that I wanted to pursue such as doing research or studying abroad.

TYLER
(’24)
Microbiology and Neuroscience

$84M

in scholarships and grants offered to students in 2025

94%

of first-year students received scholarships and grants in 2025

50%+

of students graduate with no debt

The Volunteer spirit

We are the Volunteers: selfless leaders who light the way toward a better future through community engagement, research, and innovative thinking. The Volunteer spirit shines through our students who are using their unique talents to make life and lives better for their communities near and far.

A selfless act

“Six weeks compared to the rest of his life was miniscule,” Lady Vol swimmer Margaret Marando (’25) said after taking a break from competition to donate bone marrow to a four-year-old boy with leukemia.

Read Margaret’s story

A role model

“My decision to go into community health education really came from the idea of wanting to teach people about health and wellness,” Lady Vol volleyball player Morgahn Fingall said. “I want to be able to reach communities on a personal level.”

Learn how Morgahn is making an impact

Become a Volunteer

Life as a Vol is sweet. From Big Orange Fridays and singing “Rocky Top” in Neyland Stadium to research and service-learning, the experiences you have here at UT will inspire you in whatever the future holds.

Request more info

Apply now

The University of Tennessee
Knoxville, Tennessee 37996
865-974-1000
The flagship campus of the University of Tennessee System and partner in the Tennessee Transfer Pathway.
ADA
Privacy
Safety
Title IX
Employee Hub
Employment
Tools
A-Z Index
Calendar
Contact Us
Directory
Email
Event Scheduling
DASH Home
Map
MyUTK
News
Campus Links
Alumni & Friends
Athletics
Employment
Faculty & Staff
Global Engagement
Leadership
Libraries
One Stop Student Services
Outreach
Parents & Family
X
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram