Skip to main content
Welcome to University of Toronto

The University of Toronto will be closed from Dec. 24, 2025 to Jan. 2, 2026, inclusive. Happy holidays to the U of T community!

Main menu tools
Email
Quercus
Acorn
 
Campus status
Search
Jump to menu
Jump to...	
Main navigation
FUTURE STUDENTS
CURRENT STUDENTS
ALUMNI
FACULTY AND STAFF
DONORS
VISITORS
U of T News

‘Thank you all’: A holiday message from U of T President Melanie Woodin

U of T invites bold, forward-thinking researchers to consider joining our research and innovation community.

UTogether: Your guide to the U of T community
UTogether connects you with everything you need to thrive at U of T.

There’s so much to experience on our three campuses this fall — and UTogether is here to help you navigate our vibrant university ecosystem. This is your roadmap to essential student, faculty and staff resources, academic and wellness supports, campus maps, leadership messages and more. Take a tour of this resource to discover your U of T!

Explore UTogether
Latest news
December 22, 2025
U of T research reveals overlooked source of microplastic pollution
December 18, 2025
Decoding our memories: U of T researcher explores brain chemistry with new Connaught mid-career funding
December 17, 2025
Startup Xanadu among four quantum computing companies to receive federal support
More U of T News
Upcoming events
January 22, 2026
Psychopathy Unmasked: The Rise and Fall of a Dangerous Diagnosis
January 9, 2026
Digital Threats to Democracies: A Data Science Approach to Political Communication during Conflict & Crisis
January 13, 2026
Catalyst Seminar Series: Supporting vulnerable populations
More U of T events
U of T Celebrates

The University of Toronto is home to some of the world’s top faculty, students, alumni and staff. U of T Celebrates recognizes their award-winning accomplishments.

Explore U of T Celebrates
COMMUNITY

U of T self-driving car team takes top spot at AutoDrive Challenge II

Inside our Autumn 2025 issue: AI in the classroom, a new climate institute, sharing Black history, relationship research and much more.

Explore the issue
Education

AI Strategy

Teaching in the age of AI

As machine learning reshapes higher education, U of T is preparing students to become ‘super humans’

Main navigation repeated
Future students
Current students
Alumni
Faculty and Staff
Donors
Visitors
Jump to menu repeated
News & Media
About U of T
Give to U of T
Academics
Undergraduate programs
Graduate programs
Research & innovation
University life
Libraries
UTogether
A to Z Directory
Quick links
Contact
Careers
Accessibility
Privacy
Site feedback
Site map
 
Campus status
Quick links
St. George campus
Mississauga campus
Scarborough campus
Campus maps
Campus safety

Statement of Land Acknowledgement

We wish to acknowledge this land on which the University of Toronto operates. For thousands of years it has been the traditional land of the Huron-Wendat, the Seneca, and the Mississaugas of the Credit. Today, this meeting place is still the home to many Indigenous people from across Turtle Island and we are grateful to have the opportunity to work on this land. Read about U of T’s Statement of Land Acknowledgement.

        SOCIAL MEDIA DIRECTORY

UNIVERSITY OF TORONTO - SINCE 1827