Skip to main content
menu
search
Home
close
pause
BUILT FOR THE FUTURE
Explore our stories
south
POPULAR LINKS
Current students
Find a course
Find an expert
Webmail
How to apply
Industry hub
Research hub
Giving
EXPLORE
For students
Explore our course areas and find resources to help you get to where you want to be.
For industry
Collaborate with us to drive innovation and access top talent.
Research
Learn about our cutting-edge research and discover our latest findings.
Architecture in action

 

Discover how our staff and students harness creativity and technology to foster innovation and create positive change.

See all news
arrow_forward
WEBPAGE
Reimagining healthcare spaces through architecture

Learn how Rhiannon Brownbill uses architecture to create more humane and healing healthcare spaces.

Read more
arrow_forward
NEWS
Spacecraft manufacturing facility established

UTS and Space Machines Company are creating Australia’s largest industrial-scale spacecraft manufacturing facility.

Read more
arrow_forward
NEWS
Vale Frank Gehry 1929–2025

The UTS community will remember the invaluable legacy Frank Gehry gave us in the form of an iconic building that transformed Sydney’s landscape forever.

Read more
arrow_forward
STORY
Designing a sustainable urban future

How architects are preparing the cities of today for the challenges of tomorrow.

Read more
arrow_forward
NEWS
Many rooftops are perfect for solar but owners and renters can’t afford it. Here’s our answer

Solar panels can be a low priority for cash-strapped homeowners – but a ‘use it or lend it’ program could help

Read more
arrow_forward
Design curious?

What will homes look like in the future? How is new technology changing the way homes are designed and built? In this episode of Curiosities, Professor of Architecture, media presenter, and UTS academic Anthony Burke explores your curious questions about design, innovation, and the future of the spaces we live in.

play_arrow
Architecture Professor answers questions on smart design and the housing crisis
Read transcript
Why UTS?

Study in the heart of Sydney’s technology precinct at Australia’s #1 ranked young university. Our courses are highly-regarded, developed in partnership with industry leaders using practice-based learning approaches. No matter what path you choose, you'll learn the skills to become an innovative and creative thinker, driving positive change in society.

trophy

TOP-RANKING

#1 young university

In Australia, ranked for excellence in teaching, research impact, industry engagement and international outlook.

Times Higher Education Young University Rankings 2024

workspace_premium

INTERNATIONALLY RECOGNISED

Top 100 worldwide

Ranked #96 globally, UTS stands among the world's leading universities, recognised for academic excellence and industry impact.

QS World University Rankings 2026

payments

GRADUATE OUTCOMES

93.3% employed

Measured three years post-graduation, reflecting strong career readiness and employer demand for UTS graduates.

2024 Graduate Outcomes Survey – Longitudinal

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF COUNTRY

UTS acknowledges the Gadigal people of the Eora Nation, the Boorooberongal people of the Dharug Nation, the Bidiagal people and the Gamaygal people upon whose ancestral lands our university stands. We would also like to pay respect to the Elders both past and present, acknowledging them as the traditional custodians of knowledge for these lands.

City Campus

15 Broadway, Ultimo, NSW 2007

Get in touch with UTS
FOLLOW US
A MEMBER OF
Use arrow keys to navigate within each column of links. Press Tab to move between columns.
STUDY
Find a course
Undergraduate
Postgraduate
How to apply
Scholarships and prizes
International students
Campus maps
Accommodation
ENGAGE
Find an expert
Industry
News
Events
Experience UTS
Research
Stories
Alumni
ABOUT
Who we are
Faculties
Learning and teaching
Sustainability
Initiatives
Equity, diversity and inclusion
Campus and locations
Awards and rankings
Leadership and governance
STAFF AND STUDENTS
Current students
Help and support
Library
Policies
StaffConnect
Working at UTS
UTS Handbook
Contact us
Copyright © 2025
ABN: 77 257 686 961
CRICOS provider number: 00099F
TEQSA provider number: PRV12060
TEQSA category: Australian University
Privacy
Copyright
Disclaimer
Accessibility