Home | The University of Texas System Skip to main content Employee Resources Search terms Search icon The University of Texas System Toggle navigation About News Institutions Regents Leadership Offices Home UT Austin pioneers 3D printing method for computer chip manufacturing Learn more UTMB Health, UTHealth Houston, awarded $50 million by the state of Texas to lead clinical trials UT Permian Basin Civil Engineering program receives Odessa Development Corporation investment Scientists from UT Dallas, UT Southwestern honored in 2026 O'Donnell Awards Latest News American Society of Anesthesiologists honors Chancellor John Zerwas, MD October 13 The American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) has presented The University of Texas System Chancellor John M. Zerwas, MD, with its Distinguished Service Award—the Society’s highest honor recognizing members who have made transformative contributions to the field of anesthesiology. TRC4 awards $18m in second round of grant funding for trauma care research October 10 The Trauma Research and Combat Casualty Care Collaborative (TRC4), an initiative of The University of Texas System, today announced a new round of grant awards totaling $18,000,000 to fund groundbreaking trauma research and product development across UT institutions. UT Regents award 12 Professors for Outstanding Teaching October 9 The University of Texas System Board of Regents has announced 12 recipients of the 2025 Regents Outstanding Teaching Awards. The honorees – faculty from UT academic and health institutions – were selected for their extraordinary classroom presence and innovative teaching methods. UT System Chancellor announces executive leadership team August 21 Upon officially being named Chancellor of The University of Texas System at the August 20 meeting of the Board of Regents, John M. Zerwas, MD, has announced his executive leadership team.  Zerwas served as Executive Vice Chancellor for Health Affairs since 2019 before being named Interim Chancellor on June 1, 2025. Taylor Eighmy officially named president of UT San Antonio ahead of historic merger of the UT System’s two San Antonio institutions August 20 Austin, TX — The University of Texas System Board of Regents has officially named Taylor Eighmy, PhD, as the inaugural president of the new University of Texas at San Antonio, the result of the merger between The University of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA) and The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio (UT Health San Antonio).  The appointment comes at the end of a year-lon It’s Official: UT System Board of Regents Confirms Appointment of John M. Zerwas, MD, as UT System Chancellor and James E. Davis as UT Austin President August 20 AUSTIN, Texas — The University of Texas System Board of Regents has officially appointed John M. Zerwas, MD, as chancellor of The University of Texas System, and James E. Davis as president of The University of Texas at Austin. UT System Board of Regents names sole finalists for UT System Chancellor and UT Austin President July 21 Today the UT System Board of Regents named John M. Zerwas, MD as sole finalist for the chancellorship of The University of Texas System and James E. Davis as sole finalist for the presidency at The University of Texas at Austin. UT System Regents Name Dr. Melina R. Kibbe Sole Finalist for UTHealth Houston Presidency July 14 The University of Texas System Board of Regents has named Dr. Melina R. Kibbe MD, as the sole finalist for the presidency of The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth Houston). Dr. Kibbe currently serves as chief health affairs officer at UVA Health and dean of the University of Virginia School of Medicine. Visit the Newsroom Texas Credentials for the Future Texas Credentials for the Future helps students distinguish their education and talent with in-demand, industry-recognized skills. Promise+ UT System ‘Promise’ helps undergraduate students at UT institutions pay for college. Chancellor's Council Executive Committee The Chancellor's Council Executive Committee is a group of dedicated supporters and friends of The University of Texas System. SmartBook The UT System SmartBook ​​provides an annual overview of key enrollment, staffing, finance, research and other data for all UT institutions. Connect With Us UT System on Twitter UT System on Facebook UT System on Instagram UT System on LinkedIn State of Texas Map with UT Institutions The University of Texas at Arlington President Jennifer  Cowley, Ph.D. The University of Texas at Austin President James E.  Davis The University of Texas at Dallas President Prabhas V.  Moghe, Ph.D. The University of Texas at El Paso President Heather  Wilson, Ph.D. The University of Texas Permian Basin President Sandra  Woodley, D.B.A The University of Texas Rio Grande Valley President Guy  Bailey, Ph.D. The University of Texas at San Antonio President Taylor  Eighmy, Ph.D. Stephen F. Austin State University President Neal  Weaver, Ph.D. The University of Texas at Tyler President Julie V.  Philley, M.D. The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center President Daniel K.  Podolsky, M.D. The University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston President Jochen  Reiser, M.D., Ph.D. The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston President Melina R.  Kibbe, MD The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center President Peter W.  Pisters, M.D. University Lands 2.1 million acres across 19 West Texas counties that produce income for the Permanent University Fund . UT System Links and Contact Information Academic Institutions UT Arlington UT Austin UT Dallas UT El Paso UT Permian Basin UT Rio Grande Valley UT San Antonio Stephen F. Austin UT Tyler Health Institutions UT Southwestern UTMB Galveston UTHealth Houston UT MD Anderson UT System About SmartBook Office of the Chancellor Board of Regents Leadership Offices Directory UT4U Outlook Web Access Info Center Policy Library Regents' Rules & Regulations Reports to the State Audit Reports Privacy Statement Linking Notice Copyright Accessibility Open Records Resources Careers Document Library seekUT UT System Dashboard Contact UT System State Links State of Texas Fraud Reporting Texas Homeland Security Texas Veterans Portal Statewide Search The University of Texas System UT System on Twitter UT System on Facebook UT System on Instagram UT System on LinkedIn © 2025 The University of Texas System. 210 West 7th Street, Austin, Texas 78701-2982. (512) 499-4200 The University of Texas System Menu × About News Institutions Regents Leadership Offices Employee Resources