The University of Texas at Tyler | UT Tyler Skip to main content UT Tyler Toggle menu Academics Academics Academics Overview Program Finder Colleges & Schools Academic Calendar Catalog Academic Success Services Library What Can we help you find? Search Search Popular Searches Canvas Request a Transcript Academic Advising Admissions & Aid Admissions & Aid Admissions & Aid Overview Tuition, Financial Aid & Fees Visit Admitted Students First-Year Admissions Transfer Admissions Graduate Admissions International Admissions What Can we help you find? Search Search Popular Searches Virtual Tour Patriot Premiere Scholarships Student Life Student Life Student Life Overview Housing & Dining Student Organizations University Center Health & Wellness Greek Life Study Abroad Student Government What Can we help you find? Search Search Popular Searches Athletics Bookstore Commencement Research Research Research Administration Department of Research Administration Centers Clinical Research Research Compliance Human Research Protections Program What Can we help you find? Search Search Popular Searches Undergraduate Research Internal Grants Faculty Compliance About About About UT Tyler Athletics Office of the President News Events Community Engagement University Advancement Offices What Can we help you find? Search Search Popular Searches Virtual Tour Maps & Directions Career Opportunities Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Health Información en Español Request Info Visit Apply Give Toggle search What Can we help you find? Search Search Popular Searches Academic Calendar Study Abroad Majors & Minors UT Tyler Request Info Visit Apply Give Toggle video Your F ut ure Is Here Prepare for a career in public health, healthcare administration, rehabilitation or
                                          exercise and movement science through hands-on and holistic instruction. School of Health Professions Make a positive impact in your community as a caring, service-oriented professional
                                          in the fields of education, psychology or counseling. College of Education and Psychology Launch your career or pursue graduate studies with our programs spanning the humanities,
                                          natural sciences, communication and the arts. College of Arts & Sciences Gain the solutions-oriented skills used day-to-day in the healthcare field and become
                                          an asset to any healthcare team. Ben and Maytee Fisch College of Pharmacy Find Your Program Whether you’re exploring your interests or have the next stages all planned out, discover
                                 your passion among our 52 undergraduate and 46 graduate programs spanning business,
                                 education, engineering, the arts and sciences, and the health professions. Search Search Undergraduate Graduate Online Doctoral UT Tyler at a Glance 11602 Students Including 8,338 undergraduates across five campuses and online offerings. 1 of 139 Universities In the nation recognized as an R2 Research University by the Carnegie Classification
                                    of Institutions of Higher Education. 80 % Of Our Students Receive Financial Aid Reflecting our reputation as one of the most affordable University of Texas System
                                    schools. The Impact of a UT Tyler Education UT Tyler feels like a small school in that almost every professor I’ve had has been
                              genuinely interested in helping me to succeed not only in their classroom but in my
                              career as well. Rachel Smith ’25 Bachelor of Science in Nursing Read Rachel’s Story A big part of being at UT Tyler is getting exposure to fantastic instructors and teachers.
                              A lot of times, college is about figuring things out, but you will never have to do
                              that alone at UT Tyler. Michael McClendon ’09 BS in Biology; Co-founder of Sage's Vintage Read Michael’s Story I am beyond grateful to my professors for ensuring that students had every resource
                              to be successful. Professor Aws Al-Shalash was always encouraging and pushing me to
                              new levels. Fátima-Antonia Delgado ’22 BS in Mechanical Engineering; Quality Engineer II at Boeing Read Fátima-Antonia’s Story My career counselor for the MBA program helped me every step of the way and provided
                              great advice for completing the curriculum according to my schedule. Cody Wingfield ’23 BS in Communications, MBA Read Cody’s Story Advancing Healthcare for East Texas We don’t just do — we also think about the effects of what we achieve and how we serve
                                 our region. Through a multipart effort to advance healthcare across East Texas, we
                                 graduate medical, nursing, pharmacy and allied health professionals ready to improve
                                 patient outcomes. Our National Institutes of Health-funded research not only leads
                                 to transformative discoveries but also sets the stage for outreach efforts that connect
                                 underserved communities with life-saving care. Health at UT Tyler Upcoming Events Browse More Events Start Your Journey Here Virtual Tour Schedule a Visit Request Information Apply Connect With Us UT Tyler Contact Us 3900 University Blvd. Tyler, Texas 75799 enroll@uttyler.edu 903.566.7000 Instagram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn UT Tyler Athletics Careers at UT Tyler Faculty/Staff Directory Directory of Offices Campus Maps & Parking Locations Campus Police Calendar UT Tyler Library Bookstore Cowan Center UT Health East Texas State of Texas Texas Homeland Security Statewide Search State Auditor’s Office Texas Veterans Portal UT System CARES Act Reporting Fraud Reporting Mental Health Resources Open Records University Academy Clinical Research Report a Web Problem Instagram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn UT Tyler Policies About This Site Privacy Campus Maps Title IX Accessibility Disability Resources Linking Policy Required Links & Policies ©