Universiti Utara Malaysia Alumni • Vacancy Facebook Twitter Instagram Telegram Youtube About Overview Vision & Mission Objectives Philosophy Logo & Emblem History The University's Mace Annual Report University Educational Goal UUM's Niche Areas Leadership Chancellor Pro-Chancellor Board of Directors University Management University Senate Directors Professors Council Administration Chancellery VC & DVC's Office Registrar's Office Bursary Library Organisation Chart Academics Colleges College of Business College of Arts and Sciences College of Law, Government and International Studies Graduate Schools Othman Yeop Abdullah Graduate School of Business Awang Had Salleh Graduate School of Arts and Sciences Ghazali Shafie Graduate School of Law, Government and International Studies Postgraduate Studies Unit, UUM COB Administration Academic Affairs Teaching & Learning Quality Assurance International Accreditation Co-Curriculum Industrial Training UUM Kuala Lumpur Campus Admissions Application Guidelines Foundation Undergraduate Postgraduate Distance Learning International Affairs Fees Postgraduate Financial Aid Online Payment Campus Life Services Student Affairs One Stop Centre Health Services IT Services Development & Maintenance Safety & Security Islamic Affairs Sports & Recreation Student Residential Hall Clubs & Associations Discover UUM Facilities Dining & Cafe Attractions Campus Map Research Research and Innovation Management Centre Innovation & Commercialization Centre Centre of Excellence (CoE) UUM Experts UUM Journals UUM Press Universiti Utara Malaysia The Eminent Management University We are an AACSB Accredited University With the largest number of students in Asia CLICK HERE FOR MORE INFORMATION The University in a Green Forest Welcome to your new nature-surrounded home Campus Virtual Tour Your Future Starts Here You are our future, and we want it to be bright Take the Next Step A great place to think big thoughts The Best Years of Your Life Have a good time while getting an education Seize the Day This is where leaders are born Fly High with Us! A very warm welcome to Universiti Utara Malaysia (UUM), the eminent management university, a university that is driven by the motto Knowledge, Virtue, Service. UUM is a public university of management as defined by our support for the economic, social, and cultural prosperity of our communities. We are measured by the success of our students, staff, and partners and committed to research, innovation, and the dissemination of knowledge of public values. We are, and always will be, an inclusive university. UUM has an ambitious new vision, to be a leading public university of management recognised for our global impact. We welcome you, and we look forward to a glorious journey with you! Prof. Dato' Dr. Mohd Foad Sakdan Vice-Chancellor Universiti Utara Malaysia Undergraduate Explore infinite possibilities. Our undergraduate programmes do more than educate, they are carefully designed to give the best learning experience and nurture future leaders. Postgraduate Be at the forefront of innovation. Our postgraduate programmes do not only prepare you for careers advancement, but also equip you with the skills and knowledge to change lives. Giving2UUM The best way forward is together. Your contribution makes a difference and helps us build a better future. No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. ALUMNI You never graduate from here; you leave with us in your heart. We may have given you a degree, but we would not stop there! Join our growing network of alumni worldwide. Where We Are Our years of hard work and dedication to excellence have put us on the world map! News UUM-UNITAR Seal MoU to Strengthen Academic Innovation and Research 02 December 2025 UUM Strengthens Smart Campus Goals with Completion of DKG Upgrades 18 November 2025 UUM jumps 114 places in QS World University Rankings: Sustainability 2026 18 November 2025 More News News Archive News Archive More News Universiti Utara Malaysia 06010 UUM Sintok Kedah Darul Aman, Malaysia +604-928 4000 +604-928 3053 servicedesk@uum.edu.my UUM KL Campus 41-3 Jalan Raja Muda Abdul Aziz 50300 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia +603-2859 6000 uumkl@uum.edu.my Facebook Twitter Instagram TikTok Youtube Telegram © Universiti Utara Malaysia. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer • Privacy & Security Policy • Copyright About Overview Vision & Mission Objectives Philosophy Logo & Emblem History The University's Mace Annual Report University Educational Goal UUM's Niche Areas Leadership Chancellor Pro-Chancellor Board of Directors University Management University Senate Directors Professors Council Administration Chancellery VC & DVC's Office Registrar's Office Bursary Library Organisation Chart Academics Colleges College of Business College of Arts and Sciences College of Law, Government and International Studies Graduate Schools Othman Yeop Abdullah Graduate School of Business Awang Had Salleh Graduate School of Arts and Sciences Ghazali Shafie Graduate School of Law, Government and International Studies Postgraduate Studies Unit, UUM COB Administration Academic Affairs Teaching & Learning Quality Assurance International Accreditation Co-Curriculum Industrial Training UUM Kuala Lumpur Campus Admissions Application Guidelines Foundation Undergraduate Postgraduate Distance Learning International Affairs Fees Postgraduate Financial Aid Online Payment Campus Life Services Student Affairs One Stop Centre Health Services IT Services Development & Maintenance Safety & Security Islamic Affairs Sports & Recreation Student Residential Hall Clubs & Associations Discover UUM Facilities Dining & Cafe Attractions Campus Map Research Research and Innovation Management Centre Innovation & Commercialization Centre Centre of Excellence (CoE) UUM Experts UUM Journals UUM Press