Utah Valley University | Utah Valley University Skip to main content You have JavaScript Disabled! UVU's websites will not work properly without javascript. Please enable JavaScript to continue using UVU's websites as intended. Utah Valley University Apply to UVU myUVU Enter search terms I'm looking for: Admissions Campus Life Academics Visitors & Community Content Hub Alumni Give About Utah Valley University Enter search terms Apply to UVU myUVU Admissions Campus Life Academics Visitors & Community Content Hub Alumni Give About UVU: A Place For You Experience a university that takes your success personally. Start your UVU journey today. Request Info Apply UVU: A Place For You Experience a university that takes your success personally. Start your UVU journey today. Request Info Apply Come As You Are Located in the heart of Utah County, Utah Valley University is committed to student
                                 success. We provide real-world learning experiences near Utah’s tech epicenter and
                                 growing job market, along with a vibrant social scene. With a range of support centers and tailored academic advising, UVU invites students
                                    to come as they are and leave prepared to make a difference in the world. We focus on teaching all students and providing them with real-world experiences. What It's Like To Be A Wolverine Wolverines are gritty, courageous, and hard-working. They leave an impact wherever
                           they go, whether they’re walking the halls of campus or making a difference in their
                           communities. No matter your background or educational aspirations, we invite you to become a Wolverine
                           and accomplish incredible things at UVU. Campus Tours Student Life Campus Life Housing Academic Calendar Invest In Your Future To ensure all students can access high-quality education at UVU, we offer financial
                              aid, affordable tuition, and hundreds of scholarship options for in-state and out-of-state
                              students. Below, you’ll find links to scholarship applications, tuition information, and financial
                              aid options. Tuition Financial Aid and Scholarships #1 in Utah for best net price (Georgetown University CEW, 2023) #2 in Utah for social mobility (The Wall Street Journal, 2024) With over 46,809 students, there is a club or group for everyone 25:1 student-to-faculty ratio ensures personalized education Your Dreams Start Here With 300+ options ranging from certificates to master’s degrees, UVU has a path for you to achieve your dreams, whether you want to jumpstart your
                           career or continue on to grad school. Our dedicated faculty and state-of-the-art facilities ensure UVU is not just a place
                           to earn a degree — it’s also a place to explore your passions, cultivate your skills, and reach your career goals. Colleges and Schools Concurrent Enrollment UVU Online Honors Program Explore Colleges and Schools Smith College of Engineering and Technology College of Health and Public Service College of Humanities and Social Sciences College of Science School of Education School of the Arts Woodbury School of Business Full List of Colleges and Schools Find Your Degree Discover more than 300 degree and certificate options to match your career goals. With programs ranging from certificates to master's degrees, UVU has an option for
                              you to reach your career goals. Explore the programs below to find your unique degree
                              match. Explore By Course Field Explore By Program Explore Online Courses 109 Certificate Programs 65 Associate Degrees 110 Bachelor's Degrees 20 Master's Degrees 73 Online Programs Events View full Events Calendar Utah Valley University Student Admissions Campus Life Current Student Accreditation Employees Career Opportunities Employee Resources Directory People & Culture Community Athletics Visitors & Community Office of the President About UVU / History Alumni Engagement & Effectiveness Give to UVU Contact Us Utility Maps / Parking Service Desk Emergency Police Get Help Search Accessibility Title IX / Equal Opportunity News Events Utah Valley University 800 West University Parkway, Orem, UT 84058 (801) 863-8888 © Utah Valley University Terms of Use Privacy Statement Copyright Complaints Non-Discrimination and Accessibility Statement Linkedin Instagram Facebook YouTube Twitter Athletics