UW Homepage Skip to main content MyUW Calendar Directories Libraries UW Medicine Maps UW News Helpful Links Information Technology Workday HCM Husky Card UW Bothell UW Tacoma UW Facebook UW Twitter University of Washington University of Washington Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Quick Links About About the UW Diversity Global Impact Innovation Leadership Maps Population Health Sustainability Visit Academics Academic calendar Academic departments Colleges and schools Course descriptions Registration Student guide Time schedule Apply Admissions Financial Aid Continuing education Majors Student housing Transfer students Tuition and fees UW Online News & Events UW News Featured stories Arts UW Calendar UW Magazine Husky sports Newsletter Research Research at the UW Office of Research Research Lifecycle Centers and institutes Stats and rankings Campuses Bothell Seattle Tacoma Give Give now Ways to give My UW Giving Menu About About the UW Diversity Global Impact Innovation Leadership Maps Population Health Sustainability Visit Academics Academic calendar Academic departments Colleges and schools Course descriptions Registration Student guide Time schedule Apply Admissions Financial Aid Continuing education Majors Student housing Transfer students Tuition and fees UW Online News & Events UW News Featured stories Arts UW Calendar UW Magazine Husky sports Newsletter Research Research at the UW Office of Research Research Lifecycle Centers and institutes Stats and rankings Campuses Bothell Seattle Tacoma Give Give now Ways to give My UW Giving University Of Washington Featured Story Slideshow #ThisIsUW UW Arts & Sciences goes global Across five continents this summer, College of Arts & Sciences faculty, staff and students researched, volunteered, studied, interned and more. Check out some of their adventures. Read story #ThisIsUW Good Grips UW researchers from multiple fields are taking on one of the greatest challenges in robotics: the ability to grasp and use objects with superhuman skill and precision. Read story #ThisIsUW UW year in review A new UW president. A new glimpse of the cosmos. Cancer vaccines, a flight with Blue Angels, a rare 1544 ‘Divine Comedy,’ a Coast Salish story pole and much more: Watch this Husky roundup of 2025! Watch 2025 highlights #ThisIsUW Saving real lives with artificial intelligence Better treatments for cancer, autoimmune diseases, viruses and more are on the horizon thanks to AI-powered work from the UW scientists at the Institute for Protein Design. Read story #ThisIsUW Ghosts of the wilderness How UW-trained conservationists helped launch a movement to save some of the world’s most elusive animals. Read story Be Boundless ArtsUW Maps MyUW Athletics Social Libraries UW Medicine News & events Public Health Top 10 public health stories of the year In 2025, UW School of Public Health faculty and students worked alongside communities to improve public health. The top stories include transforming seaweed into soil, protecting workers from occupational hazards and promoting clean drinking water. Read highlights Year in Review 2025 social media highlights from UW News This year, the UW News social media team shared stories from the University of Washington community with reporters, news outlets and our social media followers. Here are some of favorite moments from 2025. 2025 Highlights UW President Wishing you a happy new year with gratitude and joy “As we conclude the autumn quarter with this season of joy and gratitude, I want to offer my sincere thanks to you and everyone in our incredible Husky community,” said UW President Robert Jones. Watch video Fast Facts Rankings Did you know? University of Washington Be boundless Connect with us: Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Pinterest Accessibility Contact Us Jobs Campus Safety My UW Rules Docket Privacy Terms Newsletter © 2025 University of Washington | Seattle, WA