Study
Life at UWA
Our research
Partners and community
About us
More
Study
Life at UWA
Our research
Partners and community
About us
More
Search
It all starts here.


UWA is a place where you learn to break barriers. To make noise. To make friction your fuel. To do more than just exist – to matter.

Study at UWA

Global top 100 university.

We are the top-ranked university in Western Australia (QS World University Rankings), with 13 subjects ranked in the world’s top 50.

Rankings and reputation

Challengers, changers.

Join the change makers. UWA students, academics and alumni stand up and stand out. Be part of research impacting the world – in health, the environment and our culture.

Our research

Your degree here, your edge out there.
Leave uni ready for the life you want. Grow from mentorships, professional development and networking, plus get real-world experience with optional internships and work placements in every single degree.

Your future career

Study at UWA
Rankings and reputation
Our research
Your future career
Previous
Next
Pause
Step forward

There’s new friends to make. New questions to ask. And actions that take you towards your tomorrow. Here’s how to find and start your journey at UWA.

Follow your passion

Shape a degree that’s uniquely yours, with real-world experience built in.

Find your people

Learning is just the start of life on campus.

See our impact

Lead change with our researchers while you study.

Campus opening hours
Book a campus tour
Our global impact
Events
About us
Admission pathways
Scholarships
Why choose UWA?
Contact us
Study your way

Combine your favourite subjects and learn from today’s thought leaders. Plus get real-world experience with the option to do internships and work placements in every degree.

Study at UWA

Courses you may like

Bachelor of Engineering (Honours)

Become an industry-ready engineer with real-world experience in just four years.

Bachelor of Biomedical Science

Make a positive impact on health and wellbeing of their communities.

Bachelor of Marine Science

Seek solutions to the threats facing our marine and coastal environments.

Find your people

This is a place for belonging. Where the best stories start. Here, friendships flourish and support is always just a conversation away.

Life at UWA

Sports and fitness 

Accommodation

Our campus  

Student clubs

Previous
Next
Be the difference

UWA academics don’t just study change, we lead it. And you can too. Learn from people who are the change; get inspired by their actions. Then be the change yourself.

Fighting against malaria

Research to eliminate one of the world’s deadliest diseases – malaria – will be accelerated thanks to a USD $4.7 million grant from the Gates Foundation for scientists at The Kids Research Institute Australia and The University of Western Australia (UWA).

Indigenous trailblazer awarded

Professor Pat Dudgeon AM, Australia’s first Aboriginal psychologist, has been awarded a prestigious national mental health prize in recognition of her outstanding leadership and lifelong contribution to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander mental health at both national and community levels.

Promoting fish diversity

New research has revealed the critical role of river-floodplain connectivity in sustaining fish species diversity on the floodplain of the Martuwarra Fitzroy River in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.

Change the world

From breakthrough medical discoveries to sustainable energy solutions, our research moves from paper to purpose to planet.

Our research

77

Ranked in the world

QSWUR 2025

5,081

Research outputs

UWA Annual Report

#1

In Western Australia 

QSWUR 2025

Feel the connection to place

UWA sits on sacred land, a place of learning for Indigenous Australians for tens of thousands of years. It’s where kaatdijin (knowledge) began, alongside the Derbal Yerrigan (Swan River) on Whadjuk Noongar Booja. 

Our history

Our community

Current students

Get everything you need in one place.

Staff Intranet

Stay in the know with all that’s happening here.

Alumni

Connect with and be inspired by our graduates.

Partner with us
Partner with us if you want your business to innovate, to transform, to matter. Our world-class experts, facilities and talent will help you make a difference.

Partners and community

Research partnerships

Solve real-world challenges and increase your ROI.

Consulting services

Get independent expertise, and access to specialised equipment and spaces.

Access student talent

Gain fresh thinking and engage with some of WA’s brightest student talent.

Back to top
THE UNIVERSITY OF WESTERN AUSTRALIA

35 Stirling Highway
Perth WA 6009 Australia

(+61 8) 6488 6000

Emergency
(+61 8) 6488 2222

CRICOS 00126G | PRV12169, Australian University

Accessibility
Jobs
Staff portal
Ask UWA
Privacy
Terms of use
Australia

The University of Western Australia acknowledges that its campus is situated on Noongar land, and that Noongar people remain the spiritual and cultural custodians of their land, and continue to practise their values, languages, beliefs and knowledge.

Indigenous commitment

Facebook
instagram
X
Youtube
LinkedIn
This page

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more

Accept