UW-Eau Claire Skip Nav Skip to main content Skip to main navigation Open Search Show main navigation Academics Expand Menu Item Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Colleges Academic Experience Academic Support Mark Stephen Cosby Honors College McIntyre Library Leaders in Healthcare Education Blugold Life Expand Menu Item Get Involved Housing Wellness Athletics & Sports at UWEC Meet Blugolds Dining Living in Eau Claire Music, Arts, & Culture Visit Expand Menu Item First-Year Visits Transfer Visits Group Visits Plan Your Trip What to Expect Virtual Tour Options Apply Expand Menu Item First-Year Student Transfer Student International Students High School Special Student Graduate Student Other Student UWEC Application Contact Admissions Tuition & Aid Expand Menu Item Tuition & Fees Financial Aid Scholarships Net Price Calculator About Expand Menu Item University Mission Campus History News Accreditation Campus Events and Calendars Collaborations and Partnerships Leadership Points of Pride Work at UW-Eau Claire Secondary Athletics Give Now Deposit myBlugold Placeholder for header/hero Congratulations, Class of 2025! 680 UWEC students have taken the next step in their academic and professional pursuits. See Commencement Highlights A Winter Wonderland That Feels Like Home Discover why UW–Eau Claire is known as Wisconsin’s Most Beautiful Campus. Nestled among a vibrant city and the beautiful Chippewa River, our campus is as warm and welcoming as it is breathtaking. Plan Your Campus Visit At UW–Eau Claire, you get the best of both worlds — hands-on academics and strong support — all in a close-knit, community-focused environment. Our stunning campus, set in one of America’s most vibrant small cities, is the perfect place to explore ideas and turn visionary dreams into real possibilities. Apply Today Everyday Extraordinary Something extraordinary happens here every day – and you can be a part of it. Explore more than 200 majors, minors, certificates, and graduate programs and find your perfect fit. What do you want to study? Search See all majors + minors See all graduate programs Widgets Meet Our December Grads Megan Eilers: Growing into green Megan Eilers’ journey of self-growth at UW-Eau Claire has led to bigger dreams for justice in science, law and service. Sydney Hoffman: Building a Blugold brand Driven, involved and passionate about the future, honors student Sydney Hoffman’s time at UW-Eau Claire has been a launching pad for professional success. From student leadership, honors research, hands-on industry experience and extracurricular involvement, she exemplifies the forward-thinking dedication of the Blugold brand. Launching his finance career in Eau Claire: Cole Morehouse A combination of college and community drew Cole Morehouse to UW-Eau Claire. And a combination of on- and off-campus activities have led him to a full-time job before he graduates Dec. 20. Only at Eau Claire Join a community where support, opportunity, and innovation come together. Engage in hands-on research with faculty and peers. Express yourself through theatre or music. Form friendships that last long after graduation. And immerse yourself in distinctive academic programs found only at UW–Eau Claire. Equal Opportunity For All Services for Students with Disabilities (SSD) is dedicated to helping every student succeed. Whether you need academic accommodations, accessible housing, assistive technology, or physical accessibility support, we’re here to ensure equal opportunity and success. Explore Accommodations Take Care of Yourself Counseling Services offers free, confidential support to help students navigate life’s challenges, from stress, anxiety, and depression to relationship concerns, adjustment issues, or academic pressures. Whether you’d prefer in‑person sessions, online care, or group workshops, our team is here to help you thrive. Explore Wellbeing Resources We hear it all the time: when you visit UW-Eau Claire, it just feels like home. Join us on campus to get a taste of all we have to offer. We can’t wait to meet you! Schedule a Visit You Are Home Here Four years goes fast when there’s so much to do. We put the world at your fingertips with popular study away programs, sports teams for all , and over 200 active student organizations . 1 / 8 2 / 8 3 / 8 4 / 8 5 / 8 6 / 8 7 / 8 8 / 8 Page Family Start Your Blugold Journey Visit Apply University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire 105 Garfield Avenue Eau Claire, WI 54701 715-836-4636 For Current Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents and Family For Alumni For Community For New Students Offices and Services Employment Opportunities Faculty and Staff Directory Media Info ©2025 University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire Notice of Nondiscrimination Campus Security Website Feedback Privacy Statement Website Login