Skip to page content
Skip to site search
Skip to footer
COOKIE NOTICE

We use cookies on this site to enhance your experience and improve our marketing efforts. By continuing to browse without changing your browser settings to block or delete cookies, you agree to the storing of cookies and related technologies on your device.Learn More

Agree
UW School of Medicine and Public Health
Refer a Patient
Careers
News
Clinical Trials
About
Donate
Find a Doctor
Conditions & Services
Locations & Clinics
Patients & Families
MyChart
Search
Flu and COVID-19 vaccines
:
Schedule a flu and updated COVID-19 vaccine
Through your MyChart account, you can now schedule an appointment for your flu and/or COVID-19 vaccine.
Schedule using MyChart
Essentials
Referrals
Northern Illinois
Specialty care
About

Essential services

This is where great things happen

UW Health is the integrated health system of the University of Wisconsin–Madison serving more than 867,000 patients each year in the Upper Midwest and beyond with more than 2,000 employed physicians and over 26,500 employees at six hospitals and more than 105 primary and specialty outpatient locations in Wisconsin and Illinois.

Learn more about UW Health

Doctors unlike other doctors
Find a doctor
State-of-the-art, conveniently located
Find a location
Treating the untreatable
Explore conditions and services
Patient services
MyChart
Appointments, billing, medical records, and provider messaging — all in one place
We're pleased to offer you the privacy and convenience of our secure online service that allows you to view portions of your medical record, receive test results, schedule simple appointments, view and pay your bills, and more.
Log in or sign up
Learn more
Connect with UW Health
How to schedule
Whether you're new to UW Health, an existing patient or needing a referral, learn about your options for scheduling an appointment.
Learn more
Getting started
For new patients
We will help you find a UW health doctor or clinic that meets your needs. We’ll also help you create a MyChart account.
Let's get started
Help Center
Where to look for information
When you're not sure where to look for information, check out our help page to find the resources you need.
Find the information you need
Patient services
Billing
Whether you need a price estimate for care, are looking for payment options, or have a question about billing, find the answers you need.
Find answers
Planning for care
Billing and insurance
Looking for a price estimate for care, or do you have a question about UW Health billing or charges specific to different clinic locations?
Learn more

Referrals and second opinions

Our doctors, working with your doctors. With amazing results.
For physicians
Referring patients to UW Health
Refer a patient
For patients
Together, we make sure you get the care you need
Find a doctor

Northern Illinois

New name, same great local care
Expert care, expanded
UW Health in northern Illinois
While the name has changed, UW Health continues SwedishAmerican's commitment to serving the Rockford community.
Learn more
Frequently asked questions
Finding the information you need
The swedishamerican.org website has combined with uwhealth.org. Now, patients from northern Illinois looking for physician, clinic location, billing or MyChart can now find all of their information in one place.
Learn more

Specialty care

Remarkable patient outcomes from prominent medical experts
Pediatrics
UW Health Kids
At UW Health Kids, you and your child are part of our family. From finding your baby’s pediatrician to treating complex health concerns, our teams provide personalized care.
Learn more
Cancer
A nationally recognized cancer program
If cancer strikes you or a loved one, consider the UW Health | Carbone Cancer Center, the only comprehensive cancer center in Wisconsin, as designated by the National Cancer Institute.
Learn more
Heart care
Nationally acclaimed heart care services
UW Health is your choice if you or someone you know needs open heart surgery, a heart procedure or expert treatment for conditions such as high blood pressure or elevated cholesterol.
Learn more
Neurosciences
Life-saving neuro care, from strokes to brain tumors
You don’t want to play head games with your neurological health. From dementia to strokes to spine and brain tumors, UW Health’s remarkable neurology and neurosurgery teams turn lives around every day.
Learn more

About us

Doing the unimaginable
Latest news, research and patient stories
Latest news
Delivering cutting-edge pediatric cancer care with a personal approach
Ranked among the 50 best pediatric cancer hospitals in the U.S., the strength of UW Health Kids' pediatric cancer care comes from the ability to provide the latest treatments in a personalized way. Care is tailored to each child's individual needs and unique family situations.
Read more
Clinical trials
Clinical trials advance health care for all
When patients like you participate in clinical trials, it improves health for all. These trials give our medical and research teams vital information to prevent, diagnose, and treat diseases. We invite you to learn more about clinical research underway at UW Health and how to get involved.
Read more
Patient stories
Remarkable patients. Incredible stories.
Hear directly from our patients and their families through these inspiring stories of healing. No matter the reason for coming to UW Health, our patients and their family members express incredible gratitude for their care.
Read adult patient stories
Read kids patient stories
Awards
14 years running
No. 1 in Wisconsin - U.S. News & World Report
Learn more
UW Health | Carbone Cancer Center
One of America's Best Cancer Hospitals
Health care equality
Leader in LGBTQ+ health care equality
Learn more
Social Impact and Belonging
Social Impact and Belonging
Our vision is to be a health system that creates belonging for everyone.
Learn more
Telehealth
e-Visits
Emergency & Urgent care
UW School of Medicine and Public Health
MyChart
Find a Doctor
Conditions & Services
Locations & Clinics
Patients & Families
Refer a Patient
Pay a bill
Careers
Refill a prescription
Price transparency
Obtain medical records
Clinical Trials
Order flowers and gifts
Volunteering
Send a greeting card
Make a donation
News
Find a class or support group
About UW Health
Social Impact and Belonging
Media Center
Contact Us
Make a donation
Notice of Privacy Practices (HIPAA)

Donations to UW Health are managed by the University of Wisconsin Foundation, a publicly supported charitable organization under 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code.

Language Access: Notice of Nondiscrimination

EnglishEspañol (Spanish)Hmoob (Hmong)繁體中文 (Chinese)Deutsch (German)العربية (Arabic)Русский (Russian)한국어 (Korean)Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)Deitsch (Pennsylvania Dutch)ພາສາລາວ (Lao)Français (French)Polski (Polish)हिंदी (Hindi)Shqip (Albanian)Tagalog (Tagalog – Filipino)

Copyright © 2025 University of Wisconsin Hospitals and Clinics Authority
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Employee home access
Top