University of Winnipeg Skip Navigation Website Search Search this site Show menu Admissions expand section Learn how to apply and begin your studies at UWinnipeg. Go to Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Studies International Collegiate High School Professional, Applied and Continuing Education Related Links Awards and Financial Aid Programs Housing Visit Academics expand section Learn more about our faculties and programs. Go to Academics Faculties Programs Centres and Chairs Colleges Related Links Academic Calendar Library Nexus Registration WebAdvisor Research Campus Life expand section There really is something for everyone in UWinnipeg’s campus life. Go to Campus Life Arts and Culture Bookstore Recreation Services Housing Restaurants Wesmen Athletics Student Wellness Related Links Art Gallery Events Calendar The Uniter UWSA About expand section UWinnipeg is a dynamic campus that connects people from diverse cultures and nurtures global citizens. Go to About President Administration Strategic Plan Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Indigenous UWinnipeg Employment Campus Services Conference and Events Services Related Links Campus Maps Directory Foundation UWCRC Visiting News Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Community Apply Visit Donate Search When you belong, You Win Play/Pause Find the program that’s right for you. View programs Study at UWinnipeg Education isn't about blending in—it's about standing out. At UWinnipeg, we'll help you build the future you want, one that's entirely your own. Undergraduate Studies Ready to start your university journey? Find your place in a close-knit campus community. Explore Request information How to apply Graduate Studies Broaden your horizons as part of our driven and creative graduate community. Explore Request information How to apply Professional, Applied and Continuing Education Build in-demand skills and connect with industry through intensive, career-focused programs. Explore Request information How to apply The University of Winnipeg Collegiate Curious about the high school on a university campus? Learn more Our Recent Stories Featured News Dec 22, 2025 2025 year in review Take a look back at the achievements, impact, and outstanding people who made 2025 worth celebrating. Thank you to all our University of Winnipeg community for another great year. Dec 22, 2025 Happy Holidays! Dec 22, 2025 UWinnipeg holiday closures Dec 19, 2025 Get ready for the 2025 Wesmen Classic Dec 19, 2025 Campus has reopened More news ACTIVITIES ON CAMPUS Upcoming Events More events 95.9 % OF UWINNIPEG GRADS ARE EMPLOYED WITHIN TWO YEARS $ 5.8 M DISTRIBUTED LAST YEAR TO UWinnipeg STUDENTS IN SCHOLARSHIPS, AWARDS, AND BURSARIES 400 + courses offered in more than 50 fields of study Contact Info 515 Portage Avenue Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada R3B 2E9 +1.204.786.7811 Contact us Information for Alumni Community Current Students Donors Employment Faculty and Staff Future Students International Students Media Parents Visitors Resources A-Z Index Directory Email Maps Nexus WebAdvisor Emergency Guidelines Contact Us Copyright Accessibility Privacy Policy Brand Guidelines Social Networks Donate The University of Winnipeg is located on Treaty One land in the heart of the Métis Nation. Land Acknowledgement This website would like to use cookies to enhance your browsing experience. You may change your preferences at any time. Learn more about our use of cookies. Decline Cookies Accept Cookies