University of Wisconsin-La Crosse Skip to main content Accessibility menu Skip to main content Skip to footer Future students Current students Community Alumni & friends Faculty & staff Admissions Academics Murphy Library Events Athletics, Rec Campus Life Arts Email & apps Email, Microsoft 365 (Office) Canvas WINGS Navigate Workday MyHealth Give Search Home Admissions Academics Murphy Library Events Athletics, Rec Campus Life Arts Close Not sure what you're looking for? Browse the A-Z index Search clear Search for Search within all of UWL this site events stories people knowledge base Quicklinks at your fingertips! Select which audience you belong to and we'll display quicklinks and announcements tailored to you. Choose Future students Choose Current students Choose Community Choose Alumni & friends Choose Faculty & staff UWL's Eagle Mark logo Schedule a visit! Apply online Spread your wings as a UW-La Crosse Eagle! Experience the power of a UWL education through high-impact learning and life-long friendships, all while surrounded by the epic beauty of La Crosse. Follow your path. We’ll show you the way. Quicklinks Campus Life Explore our academic programs Fast facts about UWL Campus Safety Cost and Aid Map and Directions Scholarships UWL Bookstore Housing Information Textbook Rental Choose another audience Academic calendar Get help/student success You’re kind of a big deal! You’re part of a group of truly amazing people. At UWL, we are inspired every day by the driven, active and engaged students who make us so proud. That’s right, you’re amazing! Quicklinks Course catalog Canvas support Class timetable Community Engagement for students Office 365 (email, calendar, collaboration) Residence Life MyUW (Workday) Student Organizations Dining, meal plans Financial information Pay for print Cashier's Office Eagle Help Desk Password reset Navigate Academic advising Choose another audience Get involved with UWL Here in La Crosse, people come together to work for the common good. At UWL, we live out the Wisconsin idea of public service and community engagement. We are proud to work with our many partners in La Crosse, giving back every day to a community that generously supports our teaching, learning and service mission. Work with the Community Engagement Office Quicklinks Advance your adult degree Attend an event Develop your organization Discover small business resources Engage with students Explore UWL-community partnerships Hire an Eagle Register for youth programs Visit campus Work at UWL Choose another audience Keep in touch Make a gift The "La Crosse Experience" stays with you for a lifetime. UWL pride stays strong long after graduation! Stay connected with our beautiful campus and the faculty and friends who made your "La Crosse Experience" so special. Quicklinks Lantern Magazine Alumni Calendar Class Notes Campus Events UWL Bookstore Athletic Schedules UWL Alumni & Friends Foundation Hire an Eagle Volunteer at UWL A-Z Directory Choose another audience Investing in our people Employment opportunities Experts. Scholars. Public servants. Community members. UWL consistently delivers a high-quality and life-changing experience. We’re able to do it because of you, our talented and dedicated faculty and staff. You are the reason for our excellence! Quicklinks Campus Connection Navigate Campus calendar MyUW (Workday) HR homepage Course Catalog Community Engagement for Instructors Community Engagement for Staff WISER Class timetable Digital Measures (Faculty Success) Office 365 (email, calendar, collaboration) Google Drive Eagle Help Desk Password reset Transferology Lab Choose another audience University of Wisconsin-La Crosse | uwlax.edu University of Wisconsin-La Crosse Welcoming Active Driven Engaged Duluth/Superior 280 miles Minneapolis 150 miles Green Bay 206 miles Milwaukee 200 miles Madison 142 miles Chicago 283 miles Dubuque 130 miles Des Moines 245 miles Rochester 70 miles Wausau 156 miles 2025 at UWL Relive the year through some of our favorite images Celebrating a year of milestones Discover UWL’s top 10 stories of 2025, highlighting achievements and exciting changes Saying more with less Say it in 6 competition challenges grad students to rethink communication, reflect on growth Graduating with fresh perspective December grad Abigail Stafslien-Dumale credits UWL for holistic view of healthcare November at UWL Relive the month through our favorite images Winter commencement set for Dec. 14 UWL to recognize nearly 700 new graduates Turning challenges into opportunity December grad Adrián Moreno reflects on challenging path that shaped him Work hard, play hard UWL intramurals help students build community, learn valuable skills Back-to-back champs! Men's cross country team secures second-consecutive national title Preparing talent for the AI era UWL receives $400,000 NSF grant to grow innovation-driven business partnerships Capstone Read the latest issue of the College of Arts, Social Sciences, & Humanities online magazine Eagle Edge Read the latest issue of the School of Education online magazine More news UWL Celebrates Year in review View the celebration! A dynamic & diverse learning environment. Acknowledging and respecting the contributions of all A top college in Wisconsin We are the No. 1 public university in Wisconsin with less than 25,000 students, according to U.S. News & World Report’s Best National Universities ranking. Learn more A top college in Wisconsin Opportunities to conduct research Our students learn and conduct research alongside faculty who care about their future and fuel their intellectual curiosity.  Nearly all of our students, 96 %, participate in at least one “high-impact” practice such as undergraduate research or service-learning projects. Learn more Opportunities to conduct research Beautiful Driftless Wisconsin location 128 acres. 360 degrees of incredible. La Crosse is recognized as one of the best college towns in America with plenty to see beyond the campus limits. The campus is surrounded by rivers and bluffs for hiking, biking, kayaking and more. Take a short walk to historic downtown. Learn more Beautiful Driftless Wisconsin location Close-knit campus community You will find no shortage of opportunities to lead or join a group working for a cause you care about.  See our 200 + student organizations. Learn more Close-knit campus community Hear from our students Jeremiah Wait Exercise and Sport Science "I'm so thankful for all of the great memories that I have from football, with my friends, and everyone who I've been able to associate with through college. I'm excited about my next adventure, but I will cherish the memories that I made in college for the rest of my life!" Vanessa Mbuyi, '21 Microbiology "People say bigger schools may have more opportunity, but I think UWL has those opportunities. And I’m able to keep the smaller classes, and I have the ability to talk to my instructor and go to office hours. Most of all, I’ve been able to keep the relationships I made as an undergraduate. And those connections have been really important." Mary Vaughan Mathematics "I have often wondered if I would have earned my Ph.D. if I had attended a different school for my undergraduate studies. As an undergrad, I worked hard, but I lacked confidence. It was my collective teachers and mentors at UWL that helped me seize the opportunities that have led me to where I am today — working across the world in Australia!" Audra Geis Communication Studies "I could not have predicted my college experience because the journey is just too good to pre-plan. I'm leaving with memories, life lessons and an abundance of knowledge in my field and stories to share." Lauryn Wiesman Spanish Education and Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages (TESOL) "What really attracted me to UWL was the small-town environment in a bigger city. I’m from Stratford, Wisconsin — a town of about 1,500 people. I wasn’t sure how I’d fit into a bigger place, but UWL still felt like home." Miranda Sibley Radiation Therapy "UWL taught me to never give up, be passionate in your purpose, be adventurous, and never take anything for granted." Ryan Crain, '18 Business Management "One of my UWL professors said, 'If you have questions or need help, call or email me.' Once I realized the professors at UWL — like at Western Technical College — were willing to help me, that helped me make the transition." Learn more about Ryan Crain, '18 Abby Siakpere, '18 Biology "My main reasons for coming to UWL were the Biology Department, the new science labs building, and the excellent reputation the biology program has." Learn more about Abby Siakpere, '18 Jackson Radenz Geography & Earth Science "I’ve gained confidence in myself and my ability to solve problems on my own and overcome shortfalls too, which I’ll need in the job market. I’m so grateful for the undergraduate research experiences I’ve had with my faculty mentor, Dr. Niti Mishra." Learn more about Jackson Radenz Maddie Kozel, '24 English "I never could have imagined how well prepared I would be at the end of my undergraduate education. My courses have set me up not only for academic success, but also for my communicative and interpersonal success in future jobs, classroom settings, and general society. I finally have an idea about all the possibilities my future holds." Dee Reed Communication Studies "I have made so many memories during this time in my life, and I wouldn't change any of it for the world. The biggest thing college has taught me is that I set my limits if I want something. I have everything I need within myself to achieve any goal, and I will always be truly thankful for that." Sarah Ziolkowski Economics & Finance "In these times, finding a good career post-graduation seemed insurmountable, but experiences with UWL professors were so helpful to me during the job-search process." uwl seal logo "Mens Corpusque" The university's official motto means mind and body. Our "mind and body" motto is incorporated all throughout campus. Student-centered and committed to a quality education for the person as a whole. Learn more about mind and body . 86 % of students participate in rec sports 3.32 Student-athlete cumulative GPA Empowering our students fostering curiosity & life-long learning . Celebrating a year of milestones Posted 2:11 p.m. Monday , Dec. 29 , 2025 Discover UWL’s top 10 stories of 2025, highlighting achievements and exciting changes Read more about Celebrating a year of milestones Mapping migration Posted 2:18 p.m. Friday , Dec. 19 , 2025 UWL French students give voice to immigrant journeys Read more about Mapping migration The beauty within campus Posted 9:37 a.m. Monday , Dec. 15 , 2025 Accountancy grad offers a look inside the UWL experience and how it prepared her for what’s next Read more about The beauty within campus Honoring Truman Lowe Posted 3:14 p.m. Thursday , Dec. 11 , 2025 Smithsonian hosts first major retrospective of UWL alumnus and Ho-Chunk artist Read more about Honoring Truman Lowe Unwrapping chocolate Posted 11:18 a.m. Tuesday , Dec. 2 , 2025 Students explore the complex, global history of chocolate from Mesoamerica to today Read more about Unwrapping chocolate More news Serving as a regional cultural center Preparing students for an ever-changing community. Ancient beads Posted 8:50 a.m. Thursday , June 6 , 2024 Study uncovers Indigenous trade networks before European arrival Read more about Ancient beads Mapping for change Posted 8 a.m. Tuesday , May 14 , 2024 Student-led mapping initiative creates resource for those facing food insecurity Read more about Mapping for change Engaging with art beyond sight Posted 2:33 p.m. Friday , May 10 , 2024 UWL students enhance Winona museum exhibition accessibility with classroom project Read more about Engaging with art beyond sight Locally sourced Posted 11:08 a.m. Wednesday , May 8 , 2024 UWL alumnus Benjamin Horn on the success of Free Range Exchange Read more about Locally sourced More news UW-La Crosse 1725 State Street La Crosse, WI 54601, USA Call us Choose a number below to give us a call If available, call the current office to receive detailed support. General information (608.785.8000) Current office Send feedback How can we help? Send us your feedback or questions. View our strategic plan UWL Forward Make a gift Invest in UWL UW-La Crosse social media UWL Facebook UWL Twitter UWL YouTube UWL LinkedIn UWL TikTok UWL Instagram Campus tour Our leadership Chancellor Academic Affairs Access, Belonging & Compliance Admin Finance Advancement Student Affairs Shared governance Universities of Wisconsin Employment Faculty/staff Students Human Resources Campus info Emergency Map & directions Parking Create connections Privacy statement © Copyright 2025 Theme Change the theme of the UWL website to match your preferences. Your choice will be saved with a cookie. Theme Light Dark Auto Font Regular Dyslexia Large Dyslexia large Cookie notice Close We use cookies on this site. By continuing to browse without changing your browser settings to block or delete cookies, you agree to our Privacy policy .