Skip to content
Skip to footer
University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee
Academics
Admission & Financial Aid
Research
Student Life
Athletics
About
Request Info
Visit
Give
Apply
Resources for You
Quicklinks
Site Search
UW-Milwaukee
Pause video
Congrats to the Class of 2025!
Watch the December 21 Commencement Livestream
The UWM Experience

At the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, our students are driven to improve the world around them. Through top academic programs in the arts, health, technology and more, students develop in-demand skills and dive into cutting-edge research. They gain hands-on experience working with businesses and community organizations in the city. As alumni, they use what they’ve learned to make our lives — and our state — better.

Explore Our Exceptional Academics
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Online Programs
Leading in Research

UWM faculty and students embrace challenges and ask big questions. They’re at the forefront of discovery, working hard to find solutions that fuel industries and improve lives. Their accomplishments have led to startups, new medical treatments, cleaner water, and a better understanding of ourselves and our universe.

Students have the opportunity to engage in this work from the start of their UWM career through our award-winning undergraduate research program and our many graduate research assistantships.

Discover Research Opportunities
UWM by the Numbers
209
Academic Programs
17:1
Student-to-Faculty Ratio
23,104
Students from 83 Countries
Hear From Our Panthers

Sidonie

Information Science and Technology major

“On-campus jobs helped me learn how to communicate professionally. Those skills I learned at UWM helped me land my job at ADAM Aerospace and travel the world representing the company.”

Brenden

Freshwater Sciences MS

“The accomplishment I’m most proud of in my graduate program is working for the McClellan Lab. The grad program does a really good job of giving us hands-on experience.”

Yazmin

Education major

“At UWM, I discovered my potential is limitless. I think what UWM does is prepare us for post-graduation. I studied abroad in Seville, Spain, and it taught me how to be independent.”

Student Life

Campus life is an important part of the college experience, providing opportunities to try new things and make lifelong friendships. Explore life at UW-Milwaukee.

Housing

View comfortable and convenient on-campus and community housing options that will enhance your living experience during your academic journey.

Athletics

Experience the thrill of competition and camaraderie through UWM’s Division 1 athletics program. Join your peers in the stands to cheer on your Panthers.

Student Support Services

Find the academic and personal support tools you need to excel both inside and outside the classroom.

Health & Wellness

Take advantage of recreational programs, health and wellness services, and more at UWM. See how we foster a healthy and active lifestyle for all students.

Spotlight Stories
Explore All News
How math and impatient driving inspired student’s award-winning startup
UWM creates strategies for artificial intelligence in the classroom
Using artificial intelligence to tease out answers to health care disparities
Lazarus Project to shine a new light on oldest map in UWM collection
UWM welcomes largest freshman class since 2009
Next Steps

Apply to UWM, where you’ll realize your potential.

Request Information
Apply
Visit
UWM collects information from website visitors. For information on what information is collected, how this information is used, and with whom the information is shared please review UWM’s website privacy statement.
Close
University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee

2100 E. Kenwood Blvd.
Milwaukee WI 53211

Contact
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Map & Directory
Safety
Free Speech
Employment
News
Events
For Business & Community
For Media
Website Privacy Statement
Accessibility
Feedback
Universities of Wisconsin

Copyright © University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee and University of Wisconsin Board of Regents.