Skip to main content
Students
Faculty/Staff
Media
Alumni & Friends
Community
Giving
Directory
Logins
Campuses
Stevens Point
Marshfield
Wausau
UWSP Online
Visit
Apply
 
About UWSP
About UWSP Overview
Our Welcoming Campuses
Career Support
Accreditation
Leadership and Administration
Maps & Directions
Strategic Plan
Directory
Campus Life
Campus Life Overview
Campus Security
Title IX
Student Experience and Transformation
Entertainment
FitRec
Get Involved
Fraternity and Sorority Life
Housing & Dining
Student Health Service
Sustainability
Academics
Academics Overview
Academic Calendar
Colleges
Course Catalog
Graduate School
Programs, Degrees and Certificates
Libraries
Student Resources
International Education
UWSP Online
Admissions & Aid
Admissions & Aid Overview
Why UWSP?
How to Apply
Campus Visits
Tuition and Financial Aid
Scholarships
Programs & Degrees
The College Tour
ZeeMee Student Portal
Family Portal
Contact Us
News
Athletics
Athletics Home
Calendar
Facilities
Ticket Information
Recruiting Inquiry Form
Staff Directory
Driving Directions
Resources for
Students
Faculty/Staff
Media
Alumni & Friends
Community
Quick Links
Giving
Directory
Logins
Campuses
Stevens Point
Marshfield
Wausau
UWSP Online
Visit
Apply
Congratulations, Graduates!
Ceremony video Commencement Highlight Video
Apply to UWSP Schedule a Visit Programs and degrees Request Information
One of America’s Best Values for Purpose-Driven Education

At UW-Stevens Point, we’re all about reimagining the world—one student at a time. Whether you’re into science, business, art or anything in between, we’re here to help you become exactly who you’re meant to be. And the best part? It’s all surprisingly affordable.

At a Glance
See all stats
Gold
AASHE STARS Sustainability Rating
Safest
UW college town by Safewise.com
Top
producing institution for Fulbright U.S. Scholars
Ready for what’s next? Hit submit on your application today!

Students can apply for FREE to UW-Stevens Point for Fall 2026! Use the Universities of Wisconsin app, the Common App or talk to your school counselor about Direct Admit Wisconsin. Don’t forget to check out our guaranteed scholarships for first-year students! Your future just got a whole lot more affordable.

Apply today! New Student Scholarships
Visit Campus

Experience the energy of campus life with a campus visit—explore programs, meet students and see where your future could begin!

Schedule a Visit
Discover Your Purpose Quiz
Your Climb Begins Here
Propel your journey of self-discovery with our Discover Your Purpose quiz. Find your unique talents and explore career possibilities. Your first step is only a click away.
Take the Quiz
Expanding Opportunities, Growing Programs
Our university is continuously expanding academic offerings to meet evolving student interests and workforce demands—discover new majors, certificates, and graduate programs designed for the future. Thinking about graduate school? With more than 30 advanced degree programs across four colleges, you’ll learn from expert faculty who are here to help you level up your career and reach new heights.
Programs & Degrees
MASTER OF SOCIAL WORK
Empowering Social Workers to Lead Change
The fully online MSW program at UW-Stevens Point prepares students to become skilled, ethical and justice-driven social workers—equipped to lead in rural communities and beyond through flexible, career-aligned study options.
Learn more
GIS PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATE
Advance Your Career
Earn your Geographic Information Systems Professional Graduate Certificate in just 4 courses (12 credits)—100% online and built for working professionals. With flexible pacing over two, three, or four semesters, this affordable program fits your schedule and accelerates your career in GIS.
Learn more
CANNABIS SCIENCE CERTIFICATE
Prepare to Lead in a Growing Industry
Earn a 9-credit Cannabis Science undergraduate certificate online in as little as 16 weeks. Explore cultivation, phytochemistry and cannabis law with expert faculty at UW-Stevens Point—the only program of its kind in the Universities of Wisconsin. Prepare for success in this fast-growing field.
Learn more
PROCESS CONTROL ENGINEERING CERTIFICATE
Boost Your Skills in Process Control Engineering
Designed with industry input, UW-Stevens Point’s online graduate certificate equips professionals in manufacturing and engineering with in-demand process control skills.
Learn more
Biology
Computer Information Systems
History
Sociology
Graphic Design
Media Studies
Music Education
Musical Theatre
Wildlife Ecology
Forestry
Fisheries and Water Resources
Paper Science and Engineering
Business Administration
Health Science and Wellness
Medical Laboratory Science
Elementary Education
View All
MORE THAN 100 DOORS WAITING TO BE OPENED
UNDERGRADUATE DEGREES AND CERTIFICATES

Which one will you choose? UW-Stevens Point offers 100 program options, 80 majors and 73 minors. All supported by world-class faculty eager to help you home in on your distinctive talents.

View All
Latest News
News & Events
UW-Stevens Point to offer new sport business program
College of Professional Studies Sentry School of Business and Economics

A new program at the University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point will offer students a gateway into careers that support the growing sports industry, from event promotion and merchandising to management and…

Read the Article
UW-Stevens Point alum returns to follow the path of her former professor

December 18, 2025

UW-Stevens Point professor translates award-winning experience to mentorship 

December 18, 2025

Art rooted in cycles of the natural world and Wisconsin’s seasons at UWSP’s Carlsten Art Gallery

December 11, 2025

Our Campuses
Wisconsin’s heartland is a place like no other. From snowboarding to kayaking, hiking to biking, locally-sourced food to artisanship, our campuses are steeped in rich experiences of culture and nature. Places like this really do exist.
Stevens Point
Our extraordinary 406-acre flagship campus in Stevens Point is renowned for its scenic beauty, but its diverse range of cultural, athletic and social landscapes are every bit as breathtaking.
Explore Schedule a visit
Marshfield
Picture state-of-the-art living and learning facilities nestled within an idyllic small-town setting and it’s easy to see why so many seek a world-class education at our Marshfield campus.
Explore Schedule a visit
Wausau
In a park-like setting just steps from the Wisconsin River, our Wausau campus offers a vibrant, educational community that just so happens to be in the heart of a city full of inspiration.
EXPLORE Schedule a visit
Online
UW-Stevens Point offers the freedom of learning 100% online with accredited programs, individual courses, and continuing education options.
Explore Talk to a counselor
UW-Stevens Point is ranked among the best public universities in the Midwest, according to U.S. News and World Report.
Learn more
UW-Stevens Point offers three distinctive campuses in the heart of Wisconsin where you will find supportive faculty and staff dedicated to helping you grow intellectually, culturally and professionally. No matter your background, no matter your major, the future you imagine is within reach when you Discover Your Purpose.
 

Connect with Us
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Twitter
TikTok
Explore
About UWSP
Admissions & Aid
Academics
Campus Life
News & Events
Employment
Resources
Student Resources
Faculty/Staff Resources
Human Resources
Title IX
Alumni and UWSP Foundation
Indigenous Land Acknowledgment Statement
Transcripts
Community Resources
Media Resources
Site Index
Old Website
Logins
accesSPoint
Canvas
Email
myPoint
Navigate (Staff)
Navigate (Student)
Office 365
SPIN
UWSP Logins
The University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point occupies lands of the Ho-Chunk and Menominee people. Please take a moment to acknowledge and honor the ancestral Ho-Chunk and Menominee land and the sacred land of all indigenous peoples.
 

University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point
2100 Main Street
Stevens Point, WI 54481-3897
715-346-0123 webmaster@uwsp.edu
UW-Stevens Point at Marshfield
2000 W. 5th Street
Marshfield, WI 54449
715-389-6530 uwspmarshfield@uwsp.edu
UW-Stevens Point at Wausau
518 South 7th Avenue
Wausau, WI 54401
715-261-6235 uwspwausau@uwsp.edu

Accreditation Information
Emergency Information
Employment
Title IX
Nondiscrimination Statement
Accessibility
Privacy Statement
Cookie Policy

FAFSA code: 003924

© 2025 University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point
Website Feedback