University of Wisconsin-Whitewater Skip to content Email Calendar/Events Directory Libraries Current Students Canvas Stellic WINS Navigate: Students One Stop Faculty and Staff Canvas Stellic WINS Navigate: Staff Workday More Resources Alumni Español ACADEMICS PROGRAM SEARCH Undergraduate Graduate Online Degrees STUDENT SUCCESS Academic Advising Undergraduate Research Tutoring Center Center for Students with Disabilities General Education Program Study Abroad Learning Communities COLLEGES Arts and Communication Business and Economics Education and Professional Studies Letters and Sciences Integrated Studies (Rock County) School of Graduate Studies ACADEMICS RESOURCES Academic Affairs Artificial Intelligence Bookstore Textbook Rental Information Technology Services (ITS) Registrar / Transcripts Course Catalog Schedule of Classes Testing Office Continuing Education Services Research and Sponsored Programs Admissions Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Tuition and Cost Tour Campus Apply Now Apply Freshman Transfer UW-Whitewater at Rock County Online Veterans Adult and Non-Traditional Re-Entry Dual Enrollment International Graduate Already Admitted? Next Steps Housing Financial Aid Placement Testing Warhawks SOAR Scholarships Admissions Resources Cost Calculator Student Billing First Year Experience Financial Services WINS ATHLETICS ATHLETICS Intercollegiate Athletics Recreation Sports and Fitness Athletic Camps Wheelchair Basketball campus Participate/Join Intercollegiate Athletics Recreation Sports and Fitness Student Employment Career Services Camps and Conferences Events Alumni Events and Travel Buy Tickets Commencement Events Calendar Homecoming The Young About UW-Whitewater Our History Accessibility Inclusivity Land Acknowledgement Mission, Vision, and Values Strategic Plan Sustainability University Marketing and Communications Campus Resources Administrative Affairs Chancellor's Office Children's Center Community Engagement Center Dean of Students Health and Counseling Services Parent and Family Resources Police Safety Reports and Statistics Student Affairs University Center Veteran Services Resource Center Giving Giving Our Stories. Our Future. Campaign Find Your Cause Give Now Philanthropy and Alumni Engagement Welcome to UW-Whitewater At the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater we invite you to be bold here. You’ll find two campuses with plenty of room to boldly explore as you learn, grow and thrive. Warhawks enjoy the bragging rights of paying less — our combined tuition, room/board and fees is the lowest of the four-year campuses in Wisconsin. With that low cost comes great value — Warhawks graduate career-ready, with 98% employed in their field or in graduate school post-graduation. At UW-Whitewater, tremendous value comes with a full-on college experience: with more than 12,000 students, we are the third-largest public university in the state. Here, Warhawks enjoy a complete range of academic programs and caring faculty and staff dedicated to student success. We graduate the most licensed teachers in Wisconsin, and our business school is Wisconsin’s largest. Already own a bachelor’s degree? Find your fit in our School of Graduate Studies , which has more than 40 in-person and online master’s programs to choose from, including the top-ranked MBA program in Wisconsin. And do you like to win? Our championship tradition extends from our NCAA Division III athletics and the celebrated Warhawk Marching Band to our award-winning American Marketing Association, Enactus , forensics and media arts and game development teams. Do you think you might belong here, too? Find out more by visiting our Admissions Department. ¡Se habla español! Visita nuestro sitio web . Fall 2026 applications open NOW » MAJORS THAT MATTER UW-Whitewater leads the way in preparing students with outstanding skills that make them strong candidates for 21st-century careers and community leadership. Explore our academic programs EXCEPTIONAL. AFFORDABLE. We know you want to spend your education dollars wisely. Fortunately, we’re one of the best values in the country — and the best value in the UW System. Explore tuition and fees Where do you want to learn? Two welcoming cities, or a friendly virtual environment — you can choose to earn your degree in Wisconsin or anywhere in the world! COME VISIT US Schedule a tour The best way to find out if UW-Whitewater is a fit for you is to visit campus. We’re excited to show you and your family around acres of green spaces and gardens, academic buildings, residence halls and sports complexes. Tour Whitewater campus Tour Rock County campus We're a College of Distinction For the ninth consecutive year, the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater has been named among the Colleges of Distinction , a national honor that recognizes campuses for exceptional teaching and dedication to student success. UW-Whitewater is one of just five public universities in the state to receive this distinction. SOAR HERE Our students don’t just graduate — they take wing. We couldn’t be more proud of our graduating students and what they have achieved — from internships to study abroad experiences to that first job offer, accepted even before graduation. 98% of graduates employed or in grad school within a year 16,000 employers recruit students on Handshake , our campus job board Meet our Hired Before Graduation students CAN WE BRAG A LITTLE? UW-Whitewater surpasses 12,000 students, welcomes the largest freshman class in a decade Read More » Warhawk earns statewide Gaarder Award for music excellence Read More » UW-Whitewater faculty named Fulbright Scholars in Colombia, Belize Read More » More News » 262-472-1234 800 W. Main St. Whitewater, WI 53190 © 2025 UW Board of Regents Resources About Us / Map / Addresses Accessibility Announcements Employment Emergency Information Hate/Bias Reporting Privacy Policy Safety Reports and Statistics Translation Request Information Visit Apply COOKIE NOTICE We use cookies on this site. By continuing to browse without changing your browser settings to block or delete cookies you agree to the UW-Whitewater Privacy Notice . GOT IT!