UXCam - Product Analytics Without The Complexity Why UXCam WHY UXCAM Product & UX analytics See metrics & behavior for web & mobile Mobile app analytics Trust the industry standard for mobile Web analytics Analyze your web apps and websites Security & compliance Keep your data secure Integrations Integrate with your tech stack UPDATES Introducing Tara AI AI analyst for product teams Product QUANTITATIVE ANALYTICS Product analytics Track product success metrics QUALITATIVE ANALYTICS UX analytics Deliver the perfect experience Product analytics Dashboards Generate reports automatically Funnels See where users drop off Retention analytics Analyze retention & churn Smart events Monitor your key events Segments Slice & dice data with ease Solutions Solutions Understand UX Analyze user behavior quickly Drive engagement Create a sticky product Increase conversions Improve key metrics Resolve issues Reduce ticket resolution time Industries Ecommerce Optimize checkout flows Healthcare Deliver frictionless digital care Finance Simplify loan, card, and investment journeys Telecommunications Keep customers connected Resources Using UXCam Developer docs Set up UXCam today Help center Get support and best practices Product updates Stay on top of the latest features FAQ Receive quick answers Best practices Case studies See successful UXCam customers Blog Educate yourself on mobile app PM Academy Upskill with our courses Webinars & Ebooks Read comprehensive guides More Partners Become a UXCam partner About us Learn more about our company Case studies Inspiring stories by real customers Pricing Login Start free trial Get a demo Get a demo Why UXCam Product Solutions Resources Pricing Start free trial Get a demo The easiest way to track your user journeys Finally, an analytics platform that works with your product. Track every interaction with your app or website. Get faster insights Stop jumping between tools Install with AI in minutes Get a demo Start free trial 4.8/5 Gartner rating Flexible data centers Built for performance Trusted by brands worldwide. Leader in product analytics Users love us We've earned the trust of 37,000+ products worldwide. Case Study 15% Registration rate increase Case Study 20% Feature adoption increase Case Study 2x Items sold 4.6 4.8 4.6 Empower your product team Truly actionable real-time insights Understand how users behave Understand why users fail to convert. Heatmaps & session replay give you a complete picture of user behavior. Learn more about experience analytics Have all your metrics in one place Analyze how users interact with your app. Easily track your app's performance with our product analytics. Learn more about product analytics Analyze instantly with autocapture UXCam automatically captures screens, behavioral events, issues and gestures - all with a single snippet of code. Learn more about autocapture Keep your user data safe and secure Stay compliant while enhancing your app experience. Our customer privacy features allow you to blur and mask user PII. Learn more about security & privacy Coming soon YOUR AI ANALYST Introducing Tara AI Learn More Use cases A blessing for product teams Improve UX Uncover the reasons behind frustrated user experiences with Tara, your AI analyst. Learn more "Tara highlighted the top issues I would have spent 20 hours reviewing videos to find, and it did it very quickly." Daniel Lee Senior Product Manager Increase conversions Identify where users struggle and improve paths to conversion. Learn more “UXCam helps us to find friction points during our order flow that could cause users not to complete an order.” Luis Bitencourt-Emilio Chief Product Officer Resolve issues Shorten feedback loops by giving your team the full context to resolve issues faster. Learn more "We had problems identifying issues that our development team could never re-create. With UXCam we were able to find the issue quickly and resolve it. Jon Kinney Partner & CTO Drive engagement Identify friction points in journeys, and uncover the reasons for low feature adoption. Learn more "I can see how users actually navigate through the product and quickly determine product changes that need to be made." Misha Wise Product Business Analyst TRY UXCAM Getting started is easy. 1 Book a demo with an expert 2 Add one snippet of code 3 Explore all features Get a demo If something goes wrong within the app, UXCam is the first port of call to understand what's going on. It is an integral part of our launch and live ops strategy. Daniel Tomlinson Senior Analytics Manager, Costa coffee Thanks to UXCam, we had a real light-bulb moment that led us to the key bottleneck where users struggled the most. Gaurav Jain Lead Product Manager, Housing.com UXCam helped us to find a hidden flaw with one of our new features. Within three days, we ran an experiment with a revamped design. The updates helped us double our sales after the release. Blake Johnson Product Owner, Placemakers STABLE & SECURE Built for performance Lightweight and performant UXCam's lightweight tech ensures smooth performance. Video recordings are done on a background thread to maintain responsiveness. Data is uploaded when the app goes into the background. Easy integrations You can seamlessly integrate your existing analytics tools with UXCam. This allows you to build the perfect analytics stack for understanding user behavior by connecting the right set of solutions. Privacy compliant Our legally compliant architecture keeps your data safe. We automatically block sensitive fields and provide you with the right tools to prevent sensitive data from ever leaving your user's device. Ready to get started? Trial UXCam for 14 days. No credit card required. Start free trial Installed in 37,000+ products What is UXCam? UXCam is a product analytics platform with an integrated AI analyst, for mobile apps and websites. We serve companies in 50+ countries and process 100B+ data points every month. Try UXCam free Request a Demo WHY UXCAM Product & UX analytics Mobile app analytics Web analytics Security & compliance Integrations AI Analyst COMPANY About us Customer reviews Partnerships Careers Hey AI, learn about us PRODUCT Dashboards Funnel analytics Retention analytics Smart events Segments Session replay Heatmaps User journey analytics Issue analytics PRICING Pricing Get a demo USE CASES Understand UX Drive engagement Increase conversions Resolve issues TEAMS Product Engineering Customer Support Growth INDUSTRIES Ecommerce Healthcare Finance Telecommunications COMPANY SIZES Startups Mid Market Enterprise RESOURCES Case studies UXCam Academy Webinars & Ebooks Blog SUPPORT Developer docs Help center Product updates Contact us Incident status Bug bounty COURSES Mobile product management UXCam fundamentals Privacy policy Data Processing Agreement GDPR Terms of service Cookie preferences © 2025 UXCam. All rights reserved.