Vaisala - a global leader in measurement instruments & intelligence Skip to main content Taking every measure Global leader in measurement instruments and intelligence for climate action. Get to know us 1M+ sensors manufactured every year 2,400+ employees across the globe 150+ countries served by our solutions 89 years of driving innovation 2 planets with our technology in operation 1 shared mission Our reliable measurements turn into trustworthy data. Data drives insights, and insights lead to better decisions. Our weather and industrial solutions and services support authorities, industries, and innovators around the world to act with confidence, even in the most demanding environments. TIME Magazine recognizes Vaisala again for sustainable growth Read the news New Vaisala Circular: Innovative probe care service Discover the service Latest stories Latest Events Blogs Success Stories Expert articles Apply Dec 25, 2025 Expert article GxP Environmental Monitoring & Compliance Articles | FDA, EU GMP, Annex 11 Explore these resources to learn about GxP-compliant environmental monitoring, validation, and data integrity. Learn how to meet FDA, EU GMP... Read more Dec 24, 2025 Blog Why Most GxP Cleanroom Projects Fail Before Construction Starts Most cleanroom projects don’t fail because of bad equipment, poor construction, or unexpected regulatory changes. They fail because the... Read more Mar 29, 2026 Event International Conference of Doble Clients Real-world power grid management strategies. That’s worth your time, and this year’s International Conference of Doble Clients promises tracks... Read more Load more Latest press and stock exchange releases Dec 15, 2025 Vaisala and partner Printec to modernize Runway Visual Range Systems at seven major Greek airports Nov 13, 2025 TIME recognizes Vaisala's sustainable growth for second year Oct 23, 2025 Vaisala Corporation Interim Report January–September 2025: Strong sales and profitability in the third quarter Oct 23, 2025 Vaisala’s financial information and Annual General Meeting in 2026 See all releases Join our pioneering journey. Careers at Vaisala Footer Navigation Contact Contact us form Sales and service contacts Office locations Investor relations Newsletter preferences Media and PR Invoicing Feedback Get support Downloads Contact Helpdesk Warranty Meet Webinars Events Investor calendar Buy online Online shop Join us Careers Copyright Vaisala 2025 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Print