Behavioral Health EHR | Valant ­ Skip to main content Sign In Mobile Sign In Support Hit enter to search or ESC to close Close Search search Menu Product Clinical Care Clinical Documentation AI Notes Assist New Intake & Assessment Automation ePrescribing Group Therapy Software PDMP Treatment Planning eLabs Clinical Reporting Telehealth Practice Management Billing Utilization Review Scheduling Prospective Patient Management Integrated Credit Card Processing Consent and Intake Forms Performance Reporting Integrated Clearinghouse Solution Eligibility Checking EHR API Management Claim Assist Patient Experience Patient Portal Telehealth Online Bill Pay Integrated Patient Communications Services Billing Services New Who Uses Valant Program Types IOP/PHP New Outpatient Programs Your Role Psychiatry Clinicians Therapy Clinicians Practice Manager Practice Owner Billers Your Practice Solo Therapy Solo Psychiatry Small Group Practice Large Group Practice Multi-Practice / Franchise Organization Billing Agency Goals for Your Practice Starting Learning Maintaining Growing About Us The Valant Difference World-Class Support Team Careers Reviews Contact Resources Blog Webinars Case Studies White Papers In The News Buy Request Live Demo Watch Recorded Demo Plans & Pricing Get a Demo search ⋆ New ⋆ | Valant Has Expanded to IOP and PHP Care! Learn More Behavioral Health EHR Put Growth Into Practice™ Get a Personalized Demo View Plans & Pricing The Right EHR Valant is how behavioral health practices get the specialized EHR tools they need to provide quality care – and keep business running smoothly. With less effort but more insight, you finally have a better way to put growth into practice. What’s Your Practice Focus? Whether your practice provides standard outpatient care or more acute levels of outpatient care including Intensive Outpatient Programs or Partial Hospitalization Programs, Valant streamlines operations, supports clinical excellence and simplifies administration across all levels of care. Choose Your Behavioral Health Practice Type Outpatient Programs Deliver efficient, high-quality care with streamlined workflows, patient engagement tools, and reliable compliance support. Learn More IOP/PHP Manage complex scheduling, track outcomes, and run multi-level treatment programs from one integrated platform. Learn More Overcome the Growth Hurdles Too many practices of every shape and size keep running into the same growth hurdles. With everything from cumbersome intake processes … to inefficient clinical workflows … to the hassle of juggling multiple practice management tools – there’s always another obstacle in the way. With a Behavioral Health EHR, You Can… Focus Your Efforts With a platform and partner exclusively devoted to helping behavioral health practices. Learn More Speed Your Process With a single solution that handles everything from patient scheduling to provider workflows. Learn More Track Your Progress With the ability to monitor and measure both clinical and financial outcomes. Learn More A Top Ranked Solution: Behavioral Health EHR Behavioral Health EHR Who Uses Valant? Behavioral health professionals at each step of their practice stage and career growth benefit from joining Valant. Whether you’re just starting out, growing a small practice, or scaling a large organization, our integrated functionality supports you at every stage. You can easily care for your patients, manage your operations, and run a profitable practice with our deep understanding of the nuances and workflows of behavioral health. Psychiatry Clinicians Learn More Therapy Clinicians Learn More Practice Managers Learn More Practice Owners Learn More Billing Managers Learn More Your Turn To Put Growth Into Practice Request a Demo Or watch a pre-recorded demo EHR For Behavioral Health Unlock Your Practice Potential With Valant Provide Unparalleled Clinical Care Empower your clinicians with narrative generating documentation and reportable outcome measures. Clinical Documentation Group Therapy Integrated Outcome Measures ePrescribing Treatment Planning All Clinical Care Features Simplify Your Practice Management Boost your bottom line with efficiency-driving tools for your billers and intake coordinators. Billing Utilization Review Consent and Intake Forms Prospective Patient Management Scheduling Reporting All Practice Management Features Deliver a Positive Patient Experience Elevate the patient experience with one cohesive system for all interactions. MYIO Patient Portal Telehealth Integrated Patient Communications Online Bill Pay All Patient Experience Features What They’re Saying “ The system has truly exceeded my expectations in almost every way. The company constantly works to keep it up to date, tech assistance is prompt and always helpful, and in general it's a beautiful, well-designed system. ” Stephen S. Owner “ Out of all I have used in my 41 years of practice, this is the finest. It is well designed, well supportive and serves us well in a General Psychiatry and Psychology practice. Both the Therapists and Prescribing Clinicians have adapted well to it, and I as a Prescribing Physician Assistant find it an excellent way to follow and care for my patients. ” Paul C. Physician Assistant - Psychiatry “ I have used 10 EMRs throughout my Career - Valant is by far the best - Great product for the money. ” Georgina R. Owner and Nurse Practitioner “ The ease of this software allows everyone to feel like masters of their EHR system. ” Haylie B. Admin Lead Backed by a Behavioral Health Support Team Get unlimited access to our live, local support team made up of experts in behavioral health. We love speaking with our customers and are always enthusiastic to help! Because our specialty is supporting mental health professionals, we understand your nuanced workflows. We stay on top of the ever-changing industry regulations. We can advise on ways to improve how you run your behavioral health practice. And we do this all with the highest level of efficiency, so that you can get back to what matters most – providing exceptional care to your patients. World-Class Support From the Blog Get advice on how to manage your practice, stay up to date on regulatory news, and stay connected with what’s happening in the behavioral healthcare industry. Case Study December 4, 2025 How a Passion for Helping People and AI Notes Assist Opened New Opportunities An Integrated Treatment Practitioner Jeannie Dilworth is a dedicated Psychiatric Advanced Nurse Practitioner whose commitment to holistic, patient-centered care led her to make a pivotal career change. After more than a decade working in a partnership practice, Jeannie decided to… Allister Liberato Love 0 Blog IOP/PHP December 4, 2025 Behavioral Health Business – Voices: Ram Krishnan As demand for behavioral health care surges and the industry evolves rapidly, providers are under increasing pressure to deliver more intensive, structured care while keeping clinical integrity, operational compliance, and financial sustainability top of mind. In a recent interview with… Allister Liberato Love 0 Billing Blog Clinical Documentation December 1, 2025 90791 CPT Code Diagnostic Evaluation: Using CPT Code 90791 CPT codes create a common language across behavioral health billing, clinical documentation, and payer communication. Each code represents a specific type of clinical service, making it possible for anyone in healthcare to understand the… Allister Liberato Love 0 Case Study December 1, 2025 Optimizing Growth and Patient Care in a California Behavioral Health Practice As behavioral health practices continue to grow, expand across states, and navigate hybrid care models, many leaders face the same challenge: How do you scale without overwhelming staff or losing patients to operational friction?  This is the story of how… Allister Liberato Love 1 See All Posts Ready to Get Started? View Plans & Pricing Schedule a Demo Or Contact Us to Speak with a Specialist 888-774-0532 info@valant.com Why Valant Valant Difference Who Uses Valant? Reviews About Us Careers Blog Product Product Clinical Care Practice Management Patient Experience Buy Buy EHR Software Plans & Pricing Request Live Demo Watch EHR Software Demo Support Support Contact Support Make A Payment Manage Your Subscription Sign In Mobile Sign In © 2025 Valant. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy twitter facebook linkedin 888.774.0532 | info@valant.com Close Menu Product Clinical Care Clinical Documentation AI Notes Assist New Intake & Assessment Automation ePrescribing Group Therapy Software PDMP Treatment Planning eLabs Clinical Reporting Telehealth Practice Management Billing Utilization Review Scheduling Prospective Patient Management Integrated Credit Card Processing Consent and Intake Forms Performance Reporting Integrated Clearinghouse Solution Eligibility Checking EHR API Management Claim Assist Patient Experience Patient Portal Telehealth Online Bill Pay Integrated Patient Communications Services Billing Services New Who Uses Valant Program Types IOP/PHP New Outpatient Programs Your Role Psychiatry Clinicians Therapy Clinicians Practice Manager Practice Owner Billers Your Practice Solo Therapy Solo Psychiatry Small Group Practice Large Group Practice Multi-Practice / Franchise Organization Billing Agency Goals for Your Practice Starting Learning Maintaining Growing About Us The Valant Difference World-Class Support Team Careers Reviews Contact Resources Blog Webinars Case Studies White Papers In The News Buy Request Live Demo Watch Recorded Demo Plans & Pricing Get a Demo Close this module Get Instant Access to a Video Demo of Valant's EHR Software! Watch Video Demo No thanks, I’m not interested! Close this module See Valant in Action! Request a Personalized Live Demo Today! Valant EHR is built for the unique workflows, billing requirements, & documentation needs of behavioral health clinicians and their practices. Request Live Demo No thanks, I’m not interested.