An EHR-integrated Solution for Remote Patient Care | Validic Skip to main content Book a Demo CMS ACCESS Is Coming: How Health Systems Can Win the Next Era of Chronic Care with Validic Learn More The Leading Connected Health Data Platform and EHR-integrated Solution for Remote Care Validic empowers health systems, health plans and VBC organizations and applications with seamless Patient Generated Health Data integration to drive superior outcomes, and personalized care at scale. Talk to us Validic empowers health systems, health plans and VBC organizations and applications with seamless Patient Generated Health Data integration to drive superior outcomes, and personalized care at scale. Talk to us For Providers Health systems and provider organizations Remote care that works inside your EHR, not around it. Learn more For Value-Based Care Improve risk contract performance Close gaps. Prevent admissions. Hit your
targets. This is how VBC organizations turn risk into ROI. Learn more For Health Plans Engage Members With Purpose Harness remote patient-generated data for engaging, outcome-driven member programs. Learn more Provider organizations and health plans taking care of patients Health plans and wellbeing companies and applications looking to improve people’s health ONE solution for all Connected Health Data One integration. Complete device ecosystem. Whether through EHR integration or API/SDK, access device connectivity, device procurement, and data in a single platform to drive efficiency and better health outcomes. The ONLY solution that flexes with your needs. From our developer-friendly Health IoT platform to our award-winning, fully EHR-integrated personalized care solution, Validic is the standard for making personal data actionable. Learn More Award-Winning Health IoT Platform It all starts with our health IoT platform, healthcare's first and largest streaming platform for personal health data. We help you manage and access your population's health data - ensuring you trigger the right insights to support the right actions. Learn more about our Health IoT Platform Fully embedded EHR integration Our platform runs inside your existing Epic or Cerner instance. Streamline care for your patients in and outside of the office and save 500 hours per year with more efficient check-ins and catch-ups. Deliver tailored interventions with intelligent data Our platform puts patients and providers “on the same page” with what’s happening day-to-day. Use patient-generated health data collected and transmitted automatically to the EHR to make informed clinical decisions, together. Spend time with patients who need a high-touch approach, while staying informed and connected to those who don’t. Learn more about our remote personalized care platform Built for scale Our solution puts the data where you need it and fits with your existing care models. We support EHR-deployed programs from 100 to 100,000+ people, across the spectrum of conditions and health needs. Save 8 hours per provider per week with lower-risk patients. See for yourself BOOK A DEMO Leading healthcare organizations trust us to help people live healthier lives Large, West Coast Integrated Delivery Network There are plenty of vendors out there with solutions for diabetes, heart failure, or any other number of diseases. People, however, are not a disease. They can’t be defined by a single condition. With Validic we can look at people holistically in the context of their own ‘normal.’ Executive Director of Virtual Care Resources Blog True EHR Integration: What It Really Is Blog Make Providers Heroes, Not Historians: The Case for Real-Time Patient Data Telemetry vs. Remote Patient Monitoring: Strategic Distinctions for Healthcare Leaders Get started today. BOOK A DEMO Join our subscriber list. SIGN UP ©Validic, Inc 2026 How We Help Enrich Population Health Programs Clinical Workforce Efficiency Enhance IT Security Patient Satisfaction Improve Care Plan Adherence Clinical Quality & Outcomes Reduce High Acuity Encounters Health Plans Value Based Care Features & Services Health IoT Platform Remote Patient Monitoring Solution Logistics & Patient Services Supported Devices Company Career Contact Resources Blog News Webinars Case Studies Events White Papers For Developers Developers Inform Platform Documentation Legacy Platform Documentation Connect API Documentation Mobile Documentation Terms & Conditions Support Policy Service Level Agreement Data Security Policy Privacy Policy