Valparaiso University Skip to main content Apply Request Info Visit Give For You For You Menu AI Assistant Ask Search Site Academics Find Your Program College of Arts and Sciences College of Business College of Engineering College of Nursing and Health Professions Christ College – The Honors College Graduate Studies International Academics Study Abroad Council of Academic Advisors Research and Creative Work Valpo’s Learning Centers Valparaiso University Experience Registrar Faculty Directory The Innovation Hub Valpo LEAD’s – Leadership Education Across Departments Admission Undergraduate Transfer to Valpo International Graduate Studies Access College for Success Continuing Education Visit Virtual Tour Apply Request Information Admitted Students Financial Aid Tuition and Fees Scholarships Grants Loans Paying for Valpo Student Employment Applying and Renewal of Financial Aid EdAssist Student Life Residential Life Dining Student Involvement Campus Recreation Health & Wellness Student Resources ESPN Valparaiso University Productions About Mission and Values Calling & Spiritual Life Leadership and Governance Faculty, Staff & Offices Directory Uplift Valpo Institutional Effectiveness Awards and Rankings Campus History Title IX Valparaiso University Police Department Initiatives and Affiliations Valparaiso and The Region Athletics Alumni Future Student Current Student Faculty & Staff Alumni & Donor Parent & Family Community Apply Visit Give Latest From Valpo Recognized for Excellence: How Valparaiso University is  Getting National Attention Notice of Data Incident Valparaiso University Occupational Therapy Students Give Back to Community From Valpo’s Labs to the Great Lakes | Eddie Kostelnik’s ’21 Mission to Understand Microplastics A Guiding Light | Omkar Rikke ’26 M.S. Helps Fellow International Students Find Their Community Christ College Alumni Find Common Ground at Toyota A Beacon’s Reflection | Anna Speckhard ’24, ’26 MSPA Valparaiso University Occupational Therapy Program Receives Accreditation Valparaiso University Opens the Doors to Furthering Education for Non-Traditional Students Valparaiso University Students Combine Art and Business to Upgrade Campus Building Discover your light at Valpo Your future, your career, your impact. Your joy. Schedule a Visit Apply Now Your browser does not support the video tag. Skip Navigation Academics Admission Financial Aid Student Life Valparaiso University Announces Rev. Brian E. Konkol, Ph.D., as 20th President Following National Search Valparaiso University is proud to welcome Rev. Brian E. Konkol, Ph.D., as our 20th president. With more than two decades of combined experience in higher education leadership, global service, and mission-centered work, he brings a Lutheran-rooted vision and a strong record of advancing student engagement, academic excellence, and strategic growth. We are grateful for President José Padilla, J.D., whose leadership has prepared Valpo for this moment. We look forward to the insight and care Rev. Konkol will bring as he joins the Valpo family. Read More Find Your Calling Not sure what to study? Explore the abundance of opportunities to help fuel your Valpo experience. Choose from a wide variety of majors, minors and academic programs. Explore All Undergraduate Graduate Doctorate Certificates Grounded in Service, We Radiate Leadership. Button Label Learn Academic Programs Christ College – Honors College Graduate Studies Institutional Research Valpo’s Learning Centers Leadership and Governance Calling & Spiritual Life Serve Spiritual Life Uplift Valpo Community Institute for Leadership and Service Christian Leadership and Formation Lead Career and Alumni Network Awards and Rankings Faculty Excellence Alumni Success Corporate and Employer Relations Valpo’s Lutheran Centennial Celebration Thrive Student Life Counseling Center Campus Events Student Resources Multicultural Programs Alumni Success Bach Institute Career and Alumni Network Explore Admission Discover Your Bright Future. Undergraduate Transfer Graduate International Christ College – The Honors College Access College for Success Mission and Values Don’t Just Shine Anywhere Radiate Everywhere Samantha Kolberg ’25 Accounting Business Analytics Close Video Drew Attinger ’25 Clinical Mental Health Counseling Close Video Kuda Chikonyora’s ’25 Actuarial Science Close Video Top 18 Things to Know About Valpo 100% of classes are led by faculty, not teaching assistants (TAs) 20 Average Class Size 22 Graduate-Level Offerings 140+ Majors and Minors 3.68 Average Freshman GPA 25+ Study Abroad Programs 17 National Sorority and Fraternity Chapters 100+ Annual Arts Performances 19 Division I Sports Teams 300+ Acres of Campus 100+ Student Organizations and Clubs 65,000+ Global Alumni Network 11:1 Student-to-Faculty Ratio 10% higher 4-year graduation rate average than the national average (58.5% at Valpo, 49.1% nationally) $15,000 higher median starting salary than the national average ($60,000 at Valpo, $45,000 nationally) 7 Premier-Level Club Sports 28% of students participate in fraternity or sorority chapters 32 Countries Represented by Students You’re Ready. We’ll Help You Get There. Let Your Future Shine: Affordable Access, Generous Support, Boundless Impact. Scholarships & Aid Shining Brightly, Together Voices of Valpo Recognized for Excellence: How Valparaiso University is  Getting National Attention “Valpo’s exercise science program has prepared me well for my future as an aspiring physical therapist. The classes align perfectly with what graduate schools require, and the hands-on experiences, like my internship, have been invaluable. The professors here genuinely care, and that has made all the difference in my journey.” — Sara Strauss ’25 Exercise Science Recognized for Excellence: How Valparaiso University is  Getting National Attention “Valpo’s history program has supplied me with opportunities to engage in thoughtful discussions, explore global perspectives, and enhance my research and writing skills, culminating in a capstone project eligible for undergraduate journals… This program has equipped me with the expertise and contextual knowledge to thrive in a diverse, globalized world.” — Roman Van Meter ’26 History Recognized for Excellence: How Valparaiso University is  Getting National Attention “My time in the mathematics program at Valpo has really been defined by the expertise I’ve been able to work under. Valpo has some well-learned and interesting professors, and their willingness to take on things such as research projects has positively impacted my experience at Valpo.” — Matthew Landrum ’27 Mathematics Recognized for Excellence: How Valparaiso University is  Getting National Attention “Being a part of the environmental engineering program here at Valpo has been a fulfilling and rewarding experience for me. I feel that the small niche learning environment was perfect for me to build strong relationships with my peers and be able to work closely with professors.” — Dana Fish ’25 Environmental Engineering Recognized for Excellence: How Valparaiso University is  Getting National Attention “The PA program is overall such a great community! Every professor and student in the program is willing to help you improve as a student, making this whole experience such an enjoyable time. Going through the program together [as a cohort] as well as being with each other every day really makes us just a big family.” — Reeya Brahmbhatt ’23, ’25 MSPA Physician Assistant Studies Recognized for Excellence: How Valparaiso University is  Getting National Attention “Valpo’s master of business administration (MBA) program was not only designed for undergraduate business majors, but also for anyone – even if they didn’t have an undergraduate background in business… It is designed for students who have questions.” — Mark Lamotte ’25 MBA Master of Business Administration (MBA) Recognized for Excellence: How Valparaiso University is  Getting National Attention “Valpo’s music therapy program was a major game-changer for me. With Valpo being the closest university to Chicago offering a music therapy [program], I was offered many incredible opportunities in the Chicagoland area that would have not been feasible otherwise.” — Virginia Leahy ’24 Music Therapy Recognized for Excellence: How Valparaiso University is  Getting National Attention “In the chemistry program at Valpo, I have had the amazing privilege of working with Professor Julie Peller, Ph.D., to conduct air quality research. My undergraduate research experience has been one of my favorite parts of studying at Valpo, and it has given me so much insight into real world applications of science that I am extremely passionate about.” — Emily Broniewicz ’26 Chemistry News & Stories Beacon Highlights View All News Valparaiso University Occupational Therapy Students Give Back to Community Students in the Valparaiso University’s College of Nursing and Health Professions’ (CoNHP) Student Occupational Therapy Association (SOTA) embraced the holiday spirit this year, participating in the Salvation Army of Porter […] A Guiding Light | Omkar Rikke ’26 M.S. Helps Fellow International Students Find Their Community When Omkar Rikke ’26 M.S. moved from India to the United States to pursue his master’s degree in information technology, he expected a new academic challenge – but not the […] From Valpo’s Labs to the Great Lakes | Eddie Kostelnik’s ’21 Mission to Understand Microplastics Eddie Kostelnik ’21 grew up catching frogs and fish in a pond behind his house in Crown Point, Indiana. That childhood fascination with nature and its creatures never left him. […] Christ College Alumni Find Common Ground at Toyota For a group of Valpo engineer-Scholars, the CC experience served as valuable preparation for finding one’s place — and voice — in a global workplace. A Beacon’s Reflection | Anna Speckhard ’24, ’26 MSPA Ask any Christ College [Valpo’s honor college] student, and I can guarantee there is one subject related to history, literature, or theology that they could talk about for hours. For […] GET INVOLVED Upcoming Events December 31 ASL Language Group 5 pm December 31 Japanese Language Group 7:30 pm January 5 Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc. Founders Day 12 am January 6 Korean Language Group 4 pm View All Stay Connected @valparaisou You Belong Here. Apply Request Info Visit Academics Admission Financial Aid Student Life Make a Gift Valparaiso, IN 46383-6493 USA 219.464.5000 Accessibility Athletics Campus Health and Safety Careers Contact Us Directory Emergency Information Library Title IX Also of Interest: The Chapel of the Resurrection Nursing Practice, DNP Geography, Meteorology, and Environmental Science Copyright © 2025 Valparaiso University Privacy Policy