ValueWalk - Find the Best Value in Your Financial Journey Cryptocurrency Crypto Presales Crypto Tokens Crypto Exchanges Crypto Wallets Crypto Guides Start Comparing New Crypto to Buy Binance Listings Coinbase Listings Uniswap Listings Learn More Ways to Invest in Cryptocurrency How to Find New Crypto Coins Early Is Cryptocurrency a Good Investment? Best Time to Buy Crypto Start Comparing Best Altcoins Best Stablecoins Best Meme Coins Upcoming ICOs Learn More What is APY in Crypto? What is KYC in Crypto? What is DeFi in Crypto? What is a Whale in Crypto? Start Comparing No KYC Exchanges P2P Crypto Exchanges Crypto Exchanges for Day Trading Crypto Margin Trading Exchanges Learn More Coinbase Review Kraken Review KuCoin Review Bybit Review Start Comparing Cardano Wallets Cold Storage Wallets ERC20 Wallets Hot Wallets Learn More How to Secure Your Crypto Wallet How to Store Crypto How to Pay With Bitcoin How To Withdraw Bitcoin Staking Best Staking Platforms Liquid Staking and Restaking How to Stake Bitcoin How to Stake Ethereum Decentralized Trading Polymarket Guide Pendle Boros Guide Arkham Intelligence Guide Revoke.cash Guide Popular Stories CFTC Launches Digital Assets Pilot Allowing Bitcoin, Ether and USDC as Collateral Binance Employee Suspended for Using Official X Account to Pump Token Back Popular Stories CFTC Launches Digital Assets Pilot Allowing Bitcoin, Ether and USDC as Collateral Binance Employee Suspended for Using Official X Account to Pump Token Crypto Presales Back Start Comparing New Crypto to Buy Binance Listings Coinbase Listings Uniswap Listings Learn More Ways to Invest in Cryptocurrency How to Find New Crypto Coins Early Is Cryptocurrency a Good Investment? Best Time to Buy Crypto Crypto Tokens Back Start Comparing Best Altcoins Best Stablecoins Best Meme Coins Upcoming ICOs Learn More What is APY in Crypto? What is KYC in Crypto? What is DeFi in Crypto? What is a Whale in Crypto? Crypto Exchanges Back Start Comparing No KYC Exchanges P2P Crypto Exchanges Crypto Exchanges for Day Trading Crypto Margin Trading Exchanges Learn More Coinbase Review Kraken Review KuCoin Review Bybit Review Crypto Wallets Back Start Comparing Cardano Wallets Cold Storage Wallets ERC20 Wallets Hot Wallets Learn More How to Secure Your Crypto Wallet How to Store Crypto How to Pay With Bitcoin How To Withdraw Bitcoin Crypto Guides Back Staking Best Staking Platforms Liquid Staking and Restaking How to Stake Bitcoin How to Stake Ethereum Decentralized Trading Polymarket Guide Pendle Boros Guide Arkham Intelligence Guide Revoke.cash Guide Investing Brokers Stocks to Buy Stock Predictors Trading Platforms International Start Comparing CFD Brokers Forex Brokers Futures Brokers High Leverage Brokers Learn More What is a Broker? What Is Forex (FX)? What Is an Order Book? What is a Robo-Advisor? Start Comparing Best AI Stocks Best Blockchain Stocks Best Defense Stocks Best Tech Stocks Learn More What is a Stock Certificate? What is the Stock Market? ​​What is an Average Stock Market Return? What is a Stock Exchange? Start Comparing Stock Tips Services Stock Alert Services Stock Trading Signals Stock Trading Softwares Learn More What is Market Sentiment? What is the Fear and Greed Index? What is the Relative Strength Index (RSI)? Forex Signals Telegram Groups Start Comparing Automated Trading Platforms AI Trading Platforms Copy Trading Platforms Trading Robots Learn More What is an Annual Percentage Rate? What is a Contract for Difference (Cfd)? What is Social Trading? What is Spot Trading? Start Comparing Australian Stocks Australian Online Brokers Canadian Stocks UK Stocks Learn More How to Buy ETFs in Australia How to Buy Shares in the UK How to Invest in US Stocks from Canada Popular Stories Elon Musk Sees Big Upside for These 2 Stocks Nasdaq Drops in November, But S&P and Dow Eke Out Gains Back Popular Stories Elon Musk Sees Big Upside for These 2 Stocks Nasdaq Drops in November, But S&P and Dow Eke Out Gains Brokers Back Start Comparing CFD Brokers Forex Brokers Futures Brokers High Leverage Brokers Learn More What is a Broker? What Is Forex (FX)? What Is an Order Book? What is a Robo-Advisor? Stocks to Buy Back Start Comparing Best AI Stocks Best Blockchain Stocks Best Defense Stocks Best Tech Stocks Learn More What is a Stock Certificate? What is the Stock Market? ​​What is an Average Stock Market Return? What is a Stock Exchange? Stock Predictors Back Start Comparing Stock Tips Services Stock Alert Services Stock Trading Signals Stock Trading Softwares Learn More What is Market Sentiment? What is the Fear and Greed Index? What is the Relative Strength Index (RSI)? Forex Signals Telegram Groups Trading Platforms Back Start Comparing Automated Trading Platforms AI Trading Platforms Copy Trading Platforms Trading Robots Learn More What is an Annual Percentage Rate? What is a Contract for Difference (Cfd)? What is Social Trading? What is Spot Trading? International Back Start Comparing Australian Stocks Australian Online Brokers Canadian Stocks UK Stocks Learn More How to Buy ETFs in Australia How to Buy Shares in the UK How to Invest in US Stocks from Canada Personal Finance Banking Credit Cards Start Comparing Best Payment Gateways International Money Transfer Bad Credit Payday Loans Start Comparing Travel Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Credit Cards for Rewards Cash Back Credit Cards Popular Stories Emergency vs. Rainy Day Funds: Do You Need Both? Back Popular Stories Emergency vs. Rainy Day Funds: Do You Need Both? Banking Back Start Comparing Best Payment Gateways International Money Transfer Bad Credit Payday Loans Credit Cards Back Start Comparing Travel Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Credit Cards for Rewards Cash Back Credit Cards iGaming Online Casinos Casino Games Crypto Casinos International Casinos Start Comparing Fast Payout Online Casinos No Account Casinos No Limit Casinos Mobile Casino Apps Learn More Responsible Gambling Tips How to Choose an Online Casino Bankroll Management Tax on Gambling Winnings Start Comparing Online Slot Sites Online Blackjack Casinos Online Baccarat Casinos Bitcoin Poker Sites Learn More Casino Games for Beginners Blackjack Strategy Baccarat Strategy Roulette Strategy Start Comparing New Bitcoin Casinos Crash Gambling Sites No KYC Casinos Ethereum Casinos Learn More What is Crash Gambling? Start Comparing Online Casinos in Australia Online Casinos in Canada Online Casinos in Malaysia Non Gamstop Casino Sites Learn More Online Casino Zonder Cruks Popular Stories Flutter, Entain Warn of Massive Losses After UK Unveils 40% Gaming Tax Are U.S. Regulators Falling Behind in Sports Betting Oversight? Back Popular Stories Flutter, Entain Warn of Massive Losses After UK Unveils 40% Gaming Tax Are U.S. Regulators Falling Behind in Sports Betting Oversight? Online Casinos Back Start Comparing Fast Payout Online Casinos No Account Casinos No Limit Casinos Mobile Casino Apps Learn More Responsible Gambling Tips How to Choose an Online Casino Bankroll Management Tax on Gambling Winnings Casino Games Back Start Comparing Online Slot Sites Online Blackjack Casinos Online Baccarat Casinos Bitcoin Poker Sites Learn More Casino Games for Beginners Blackjack Strategy Baccarat Strategy Roulette Strategy Crypto Casinos Back Start Comparing New Bitcoin Casinos Crash Gambling Sites No KYC Casinos Ethereum Casinos Learn More What is Crash Gambling? International Casinos Back Start Comparing Online Casinos in Australia Online Casinos in Canada Online Casinos in Malaysia Non Gamstop Casino Sites Learn More Online Casino Zonder Cruks About Subscribe How to Withdraw Money From Crypto.com? Step-by-step guide Cryptocurrency 25 Pages of the Best Value Investing Quotes (PAGE WILL LOAD SLOWLY) Value Investing Travis Kelce Net Worth 2024: A Star On and Off the Field Net Worth Find the Best Value in Your Financial Journey At ValueWalk, we guide readers through all aspects of their financial journey — from building wealth and managing personal finances to gambling responsibly online. Stock Brokers Crypto Exchanges Credit Cards Stock Predictors Cold Wallets Online Casinos Latest News Cryptocurrency 2025 Rewind: Corporate Crypto Treasuries Hit a Turning Point Jimmy Aki 10 minutes 2025 was the year the Digital Asset Treasury (DAT) model... Cryptocurrency 2025 Rewind: Bybit Gets Rocked By Biggest Crypto Hack in History Jimmy Aki 1 day Business What $1K to $10K in Credit Card Debt Really Costs While Only Making Minimum Payments Megan B. Shepherd 2 days Popular Stories CFTC Launches Digital Assets Pilot Allowing Bitcoin, Ether and USDC as Collateral Hassan Shittu Stranger Things: Netflix Buys Warner Bros in Massive $82.7 Deal Dave Kovaleski Paramount Seeks Hostile Takeover of Warner Bros Discovery Dave Kovaleski Binance Employee Suspended for Using Official X Account to Pump Token Hassan Shittu Flutter, Entain Warn of Massive Losses After UK Unveils 40% Gaming Tax Stuart Hughes Cryptocurrency 2025 Rewind: Stablecoin Usage Explodes as Overall Market Hits $300B Jimmy Aki 4 days AI AI Insights: Is Palomar Holdings a Hidden Insurance Winner? Arthur Crowson 6 days News Will the Bull Market Continue to Charge in 2026? Dave Kovaleski 6 days Cryptocurrency 2025 Rewind: Coinbase Makes S&P 500 Debut as Crypto Goes Mainstream Hassan Shittu 6 days Investing Will 2025 End With a Santa Claus Rally? Dave Kovaleski 6 days Commodities Gold Reaches All-Time High, Surges Past $4,500 Dave Kovaleski 7 days Cryptocurrency Strategy Hits Brakes on Bitcoin Buys, Looks to Build $2.1B War Chest Hassan Shittu 7 days News How This Stock with No Revenue Returned More Than 17,000% Dave Kovaleski 1 week Cryptocurrency Bitcoin, Ethereum ETFs Face December Pullback With $1.13B in Outflows Hassan Shittu 1 week AI The Top 3 Stocks of 2025 Dave Kovaleski 1 week Cryptocurrency 2025 Rewind: Crypto ETFs Expand Beyond Bitcoin, Hitting $85B in Assets Jimmy Aki 1 week AI Up 255% YTD, This Data Center Stock Jumps on Financing Deal Dave Kovaleski 2 weeks Crypto exchanges Binance Eyes US Comeback, But Has the Market Moved On? Hassan Shittu 2 weeks iGaming DraftKings Stock Rises on Launch of Prediction Market Dave Kovaleski 2 weeks Crypto exchanges Is Coinbase Stock A Buy After Move into Stocks, Prediction Markets? Dave Kovaleski 2 weeks AI Micron Posts Blowout Results in Record Quarter,  Stock Soars 13% Dave Kovaleski 2 weeks More articles All articles Start Learning Investing What Is Social Trading? 8 Min Read Read now Cryptocurrency What are Gas Fees in Crypto? 9 Min Read Read now iGaming How Do Casinos Make Money on Poker? 9 Min Read Read now Investing What is Value Investing? 11 Min Read Read now iGaming Gambling Winnings Tax 13 Min Read Read now Investing What Is the S&P 500? 7 Min Read Read now Cryptocurrency HODL Meaning in Crypto – Hold On for Dear Life 6 Min Read Read now iGaming What Are Casino Wagering Requirements? 12 Min Read Read now Investing What is an Interest Rate? 6 Min Read Read now iGaming How to Play Slots for Real Money 14 Min Read Read now Cryptocurrency Spot Bitcoin ETFs vs Bitcoin Futures ETFs: Which is Better? 12 Min Read Read now Investing What are Money Market Funds? 6 Min Read Read now ValueWalk Is Your Bespoke Solution to Navigating Financial Decisions The ValueWalk team is committed to guiding your financial journey. But, investing isn’t our only specialty. We also provide reliable, accurate information on everything from cryptocurrency to credit cards, industry trends, banking, iGaming and more. Taking charge of your financial future starts here. Why you can trust ValueWalk 200,000 monthly visitors 160,000 subscribers 2,000 hours of research 70,000 articles Why you can trust ValueWalk As seen on Want Financial Guidance Sent Straight to You? Pop your email in the box, and you'll receive bi-weekly emails from ValueWalk. We never send spam — only the latest financial news and guides to help you take charge of your financial future. Email Latest Guides More New Coinbase Listings to Watch in December 2025 Carlos De Lanuza Coinbase, one of the world's leading cryptocurrency exchanges, is known for its rigorous vetting process... 11 Best Online Stock Brokers for Beginners 2025 Aman Jain Investing in stocks online has never been easier. In fact, many online brokers offer commission-free... The Best CFD Brokers for 2025 Sal Miah CFDs are financial instruments that let you bet on the prices of assets in real... Best Bitcoin Casinos in 2025 – Find Your Favorite Crypto Casino Joe Turner Fast withdrawals, generous bonuses, and a massive game selection — that’s what the best Bitcoin... 7 Best AI Stock Pickers Services in 2025 Aman Jain Artificial intelligence has brought about one of the most profound changes to stock trading since... Best Sites Like Stake in 2025: Top-Rated Stake Alternatives Joe Turner Looking for sites like Stake? If Stake.com isn't available in your country, or you want... Upcoming and New Binance Listings for 2025: Top Coins to Watch Carlos De Lanuza Binance new cryptocurrency listings matter because the platform moves more crypto than any other exchange... Fast Payout Casinos for 2025 – Top Instant Withdrawal Casinos Joe Turner Fast payout casinos let you access your winnings quickly, giving you a smoother experience when... Best Crash Gambling Sites – Top Casinos to Play Crash Games Online Joe Turner Crash gambling is rapidly gaining popularity, especially in the crypto community, where players want fast-paced... 10 Best Futures Brokers for Beginners in 2026 Sal Miah Futures are popular with traders who want low margin requirements and short-selling tools. If you... Best Online Casinos for Real Money: Top Gambling  Websites in 2025 Sam Alberti The best online casinos for real money in the US aren't just about having a large game... New Meme Coins to Buy: Top Picks for December 2025 Carlos De Lanuza It's remarkable how far meme coins have come. What started as a joke has become... Cryptocurrency More 2025 Rewind: Corporate Crypto Treasuries Hit a Turning Point Jimmy Aki 2025 Rewind: Bybit Gets Rocked By Biggest Crypto Hack in History Jimmy Aki 2025 Rewind: Stablecoin Usage Explodes as Overall Market Hits $300B Jimmy Aki 2025 Rewind: Coinbase Makes S&P 500 Debut as Crypto Goes Mainstream Hassan Shittu Strategy Hits Brakes on Bitcoin Buys, Looks to Build $2.1B War Chest Hassan Shittu Credit Cards More Consumer Slowdown? Don’t Tell That to American Express Dave Kovaleski American Express Rides Higher Consumer Spending to Q1 Profit Boost Dave Kovaleski 7 Steps to Pay Off Credit Card Debt Laura Adams Going Public: Klarna Files IPO and Wins Major Deal with Walmart Dave Kovaleski Mastercard Stock Hits All-Time High on Q4 Earnings Strength Dave Kovaleski iGaming More DraftKings Stock Rises on Launch of Prediction Market Dave Kovaleski Is Coinbase Stock A Buy After Move into Stocks, Prediction Markets? Dave Kovaleski Will Prediction Markets Drive Robinhood Stock Higher? Dave Kovaleski Why This Casino Stock is Down Despite Analyst Upgrade Dave Kovaleski Are U.S. Regulators Falling Behind in Sports Betting Oversight? Stuart Hughes Must Read New How to Invest in Stocks in 2025 – Beginner’s Guide Investing in stocks can be a great way to improve your overall wealth – but... 23 Min Read Read now In case you missed it More ETFs The 3 Best Vanguard ETFs to Buy Now Dave Kovaleski These 3 Vanguard ETFs are poised to go on a run over the next 12 to 18 months. In times of market uncertainty, ETFs are a popular choice to hedge your bets and diversify your assets. And while there are a lot of great ETF fund families, we'll focus right now on Vanguard, the second… ETFs The Top 3 Value ETFs to Buy Now Dave Kovaleski ETFs The Top 3 Small Cap ETFs Dave Kovaleski ETFs The 3 Best Vanguard ETFs for Growth Investors Dave Kovaleski Investing The 3 Best ETFs for Beginners to Start Investing Dave Kovaleski Stocks AI Insights: Is Palomar Holdings a Hidden Insurance Winner? Arthur Crowson The AI Insights stock picker goes outside the box with innovative insurance company Palomar Holdings.... Will the Bull Market Continue to Charge in 2026? Dave Kovaleski The bulls have been running for 3 years now. For the first four months of... Will 2025 End With a Santa Claus Rally? Dave Kovaleski History says yes. Stocks were trending higher on the day before Christmas, with the S&P... How This Stock with No Revenue Returned More Than 17,000% Dave Kovaleski A 17,000% gain with no revenue -- how did this happen? One of the most... The Top 3 Stocks of 2025 Dave Kovaleski It was a big year for data storage and memory stocks. The S&P 500, despite... Up 255% YTD, This Data Center Stock Jumps on Financing Deal Dave Kovaleski Applied Digital stock rose another 14% on Friday. Applied Digital (NASDAQ:APLD) has been one of... Net Worth More Billy Markus Net Worth: Dogecoin’s Not So Rich Co-Creator Aman Jain Caleb Hammer Net Worth: From $70k Debt to Finance Guru Aman Jain Michael Platt Net Worth: A Low-Profile Billionaire Fund Manager Aman Jain Stanley Druckenmiller Net Worth: Legendary Fund Manager’s Wealth and Assets Aman Jain Graham Stephan Net Worth: The Finance Youtuber’s Wealth and Assets Aman Jain Ramit Sethi Net Worth: A Millionaire Financial Educator Aman Jain Shay Boloor Net Worth: A Tech and AI Stock Guru Leury Pichardo Mark Minervini Net Worth: A Self-Taught Millionaire Stock Trader Aman Jain What Sets Us Apart? Our Values-Led Approach Expertise & authority In addition to citing accredited sources, we rely on subject matter experts to support and confirm our claims. Trustworthy guidance Building trust with you is at the heart of what we do. Our editors adhere to strict standards to create transparent, reliable content. Fact-based & accurate When reporting, we conduct in-depth research to get things right. Plus, we update content regularly to ensure relevance. Independent & non-biased To maintain our editorial integrity, we independently decide what to cover — and feature multiple viewpoints for fair reporting. More about our editorial policy Categories Cryptocurrency iGaming Investing Net Worth Personal Finance Stocks We are a highly regarded, award-winning website – we guide readers through all aspects of their financial journey. About ValueWalk About Us Why Trust Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Contact Us Popular Categories Credit Cards Cryptocurrency iGaming Investing Personal Finance Featured Content Coinbase Listings Crypto Casinos Online Casinos Stock Brokers Stock Pickers Resources Frequently Asked Questions How To Guides Infographics Top Stories Videos REGULATION & HIGH RISK INVESTMENT WARNING: Trading Forex, CFDs and Cryptocurrencies is highly speculative, carries a level of risk and may not be suitable for all investors. You may lose some or all of your invested capital, therefore you should not speculate with capital that you cannot afford to lose. The content on this site should not be considered investment advice. Investing is speculative. When investing your capital is at risk. Please note that we do receive advertising fees for directing users to open an account with the brokers/advertisers and/or for driving traffic to the advertiser website. Trading is risky and you might lose part, or all your capital invested. Information provided is for informational and educational purposes only and does not represent any type of financial advice and/or investment recommendation. © ValueWalk. All Rights Reserved. Want Financial Guidance Sent Straight to You? Pop your email in the box, and you'll receive bi-weekly emails from ValueWalk. We never send spam — only the latest financial news and guides to help you take charge of your financial future. Email Welcome aboard! You're now part of our exclusive community. Get ready to stay in the loop with the latest updates, offers, and exciting news delivered straight to your inbox. Happy reading! Close