Compare
Explore
Find Clarity in Your Insurance Buying Decisions

Get the best coverage with our data-driven insights

Auto Insurance

Home Insurance

Health Insurance

Renters Insurance

Expert advice for your coverage needs

GET THE BEST RATES

Use our calculators to find the best cheap coverage where you live. Compare rates from top companies in your area to get affordable quotes instantly.

LET OUR EXPERTS GUIDE YOU

Buying insurance doesn’t have to be hard. Our team of experts makes getting and understanding coverage easy through our helpful guides and data-backed recommendations.

CHOOSE YOUR NEXT INSURANCE POLICY WITH CONFIDENCE

Save money and shop smarter with ValuePenguin's free quote calculator. Our recommendations are backed by real-world data, including millions of quotes from 90% of the top companies.

Car Insurance Coverage Calculator

Our tool takes the guesswork out of finding your right insurance coverages.

We'll show you the average cost of our recommendation, or the cost of a policy you customize yourself.

First, let’s see what the minimum coverage requirements are in your state.

Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Get Started

LET OUR EXPERTS GUIDE YOUR NEXT INSURANCE BUYING DECISION

"When buying health insurance, think about your overall financial picture. For example, if you break your leg, can you afford to pay thousands of dollars toward your medical bills? If not, you should opt for a health insurance plan with low out-of-pocket costs, even though it will likely have a higher monthly rate."

Cate Deventer, Staff writer

More Press
Latest Research from ValuePenguin
Car Insurance Rates Expected to Increase by 7.5%
92% of Drivers Saved Money by Switching Car Insurance
8% of Americans Don't Have Health Insurance

Your privacy is protected. 
We value your security and don't sell your data to spammers.

LET OUR EXPERTS GUIDE YOUR NEXT INSURANCE BUYING DECISION

Ben Breiner, Managing Editor

"Let us help you save on your next insurance policy. Our team of experts is hard at work researching the latest in prices, coverage and customer service, so you can get the best coverage."

Call
(855) 596-3655
AGENTS AVAILABLE
24/7
To speak with a licensed insurance agent and get quotes for car, home, health insurance and more.
Compare
Auto Insurance
Full Coverage Car Insurance
Liability-Only Car Insurance
Free Car Insurance Quotes
Cheapest Car Insurance
Best Car Insurance Companies
Health Insurance Quotes
Home Insurance Quotes
Company
About ValuePenguin
Press & Media Contact
Newsroom
Legal
Terms of Service
Online Tracking
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
State Law Privacy Notice
Vulnerability Disclosure Program
Copyright © 2025 ValuePenguin

Advertiser Disclosure: The information on this site is intended for general informational and educational purposes. Some products, services or offers that appear on this site are from companies from whom ValuePenguin receives compensation. ValuePenguin is not an insurance agency nor does ValuePenguin underwrite any insurance policy. ValuePenguin does not review or include all insurance companies or products available in the marketplace, and ValuePenguin advises consumers to shop for the best insurance product for their particular situation. For more information please see our Advertiser Disclosure.

Accessibility Statement