Home | City of Vancouver Skip to content Skip to main navigation Skip to section navigation Skip to search chat Quote top Quote bottom Online services Contact Translate Careers Guides Online services Areas of the city Green Vancouver Your government About Vancouver Parks, recreation, and culture Home, property, and development People and programs Streets and transportation Doing business Site Search: Official homepage for the City of Vancouver Apply Find info circle pay dollar sign property tax vanmap talk to us building permits chevron-right arrow-down I need to... Pay Parking ticket Property tax Utility bill Apply Building or development permit Business licence Short-term rental business licence Find Waste collection schedule Recreation programs Road closures Connect Report an issue Book an inspection Shape Your City More online services What's new Winter holiday hours City Hall will be closed Thursday, December 25 for the winter holidays. We will reopen on Friday, January 2 at 8:30am. Review holiday hours for City Hall and recreation facilities. Vancouver Polar Bear Swim Jan 1 Start the new year with a splash by taking an invigorating dip in English Bay on January 1. The program begins at 2pm and the official swim is at 2:30pm. Register now. VanDusen Festival of Lights Come out to a botanical wonderland this holiday season with themed areas, tasty treats, and unique light features from November 28 to January 4 at VanDusen. Buy tickets now. Snow and ice removal Clear snow and ice from sidewalks around your property by 10am every day or it may result in fines. If you are unable to clear the snow, ask a neighbour for help or request a Snow Angel. Holiday fire prevention tips Follow a few holiday decorating, entertaining, cooking, and tree safety tips to ensure a happy and fire safe holiday season. Parks, recreation, and culture Parks, gardens, and beaches Facilities and schedules Theatres and performance spaces Public art Stanley Park is a magnificent green oasis in the midst of Vancouver’s urban landscape. Visit Stanley Park More parks, recreation, and culture About Vancouver Jobs and careers Areas of the city Volunteering Housing We're creating a city of communities that cares about its people, environment, and opportunities to live, work, and prosper. Walk, bike, roll, transit More people than ever choose to walk, bike, roll, and take transit to get around. Find out how we support these active ways of getting around. More about Vancouver Home, property, and development Utility and landfill bills Waste and recycling Water, sewer, and energy Building and renovating Get building permits and guidelines to keep your building and renovation projects up to code and on track. Urban planning, zoning, and development We considers the implications of a wide range of social, economic, physical, and environment issues on the liveability of Vancouver. More home, property, and development Your government Get government information City operations and policies City boards and agencies Vancouver City Council Vancouver City Council is made up of the Mayor and 10 councillors who are elected at large for a four-year term. Public consultation Find out all the ways that you can join the conversation about the issues that matter the most to you. More your government News Permanent public plaza now open on Robson Street Dec 19, 2025 Breaking new ground: City pilots micro-tunnelling method to renew aging sewer pipes under Memorial West Park Dec 18, 2025 Vancouver City Hall closed due to power outage Dec 17, 2025 View all news Events View all events More events Contact information, partner agencies, and website policies Download Van311 More apps and online services Chat with us Clock icon 9am to 4pm daily Tell us online Report accessibility barriers Talk Vancouver Shape Your City Facebook icon Instagram icon Threads icon LinkedIn icon YouTube icon More social media 3-1-1 604-873-7000 Mon to Fri Monday to Friday : 7am to 7pm Weekends/holidays: 8am to 5pm Request an interpreter More ways to contact us Translate this site City Hall 453 West 12th Ave Vancouver, BC V5Y 1V4 Opening hours Directions Directions Careers Media centre Investor relations Suppliers Vancouver Board of Parks and Recreation Vancouver Civic Theatres Vancouver Fire Rescue Services Vancouver Police Department Vancouver Public Library Land acknowledgement The City of Vancouver acknowledges that it is situated on the unceded traditional territories of the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam Indian Band), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish Nation), and səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh Nation). More about unceded traditional territories © 2025 City of Vancouver Terms of Use Privacy Website accessibility Green Vancouver Your government About Vancouver Parks, recreation, and culture Home, property, and development People and programs Streets and transportation Doing business Search Van311 VPN Client Sitemap protocol 0.9 Facebook Events Feed Service temporarily  unavailable Service temporarily  unavailable - internal Access to this page has been blocked by IT Online services, tools, and mobile apps Guides Success! Your form was received Thank you for opting in Permits & licences 404 page Service temporarily unavailable Internal Translate 404 page 404-former-website Google Map Window I want to - mobile - Do not modify or delete Truma RSS for homepage events site-alert