Varify.io - A/B Testing Platform Skip to content EN DE FR ES IT PT TR Functions Pricing For agencies Company CRO Consulting About Varify Success Stories Contact Blog Card set Career Try for free Get a demo EN DE FR ES IT PT TR Functions Pricing For agencies Company CRO Consulting About Varify Success Stories Contact Blog Card set Career Try for free Get a demo Login Try for free Get a demo Functions Pricing For agencies Company Close Company Open Company CRO Partner Network About Varify.io Contact Varify.io Blog Webinars Live Success Stories Card set Login Try for free Get a demo EN Fermer DE Ouvrir EN EN DE FR ES IT PT TR EN DE FR ES IT PT TR The A/B testing platform that scales The A/B testing platform that scales Transparent pricing. Unlimited Traffic. Powerful testing. Book a demo call now 1,370 teams worldwide already rely on Varify Our Mission: Making A/B testing affordable and accessible for everyone 1,370 teams worldwide already rely on Varify.io® Challenges of other A/B testing platforms With over 12 years of experience using A/B testing platforms, our founders understand the real challenges companies and agencies face. Financial scalability Billing based on Monthly Tracked User (MTU) Inconsistent results Data discrepancies between web analytics and the testing platform Non-transparent prices & plans Core testing features are often only available in enterprise plans We know the problems. And we have solved them. With over 12 years of experience using A/B testing platforms, our founders understand the real challenges companies and agencies face. 30 days free trial Our approach to better experimentation - confirmed by our customers Single Source of Truth Evaluation based on your data Experiment results are evaluated directly using your existing web analytics data - seamlessly integrated into Varify’s reporting. Learn more Fair pricing Test without restrictions For just €119 per month, you can start as many experiments as you want - with no traffic limits or hidden costs. Learn more Compatibility Fits into your system Varify works seamlessly across websites, e-commerce platforms and SPAs and integrates with tools such as Clarity, Hotjar and Contentsquare. Learn more Intuitive For both beginners and professionals Use the visual editor or customize tests further with JavaScript / CSS thanks to our provided code helpers. Learn more Privacy GDPR-compliant & cookieless Varify is hosted in Europe (Frankfurt, Germany) and does not use cookies to identify unique visitors. Learn more Customer Service Support by CRO experts No generic first-level support. You’re always in direct contact with our experienced CRO managers. Learn more Trust the leading A/B testing platform developed in Germany Numbers from BuiltWith.com : Comparison of German A/B testing platforms. Data as of October 2025. 30 days free trial Why over 1,370 teams choose Varify Tracking Pricing Evaluation Privacy Intuitive Expert features Single Source of Truth You do not need to set up new tracking Your analytics tool already provides all the data you need. Varify uses this directly for result evaluation and completely refrains from its own tracking. This means you don't have contradictory data in your web analytics tool and your A/B testing platform. Learn more Thanks to Varify's BigQuery integration, we have direct access to the GA4 raw data in an A/B testing tool for the first time - without any manual SQL queries. Bas Linders HappyHorizon Product Owner CRO and others like Transparent pricing Why we are cheaper - with the same functions With other A/B testing platforms, you also pay for results tracking. Varify does away with separate results tracking, saving you money by importing your existing web analytics data into our reporting. Learn more Varify dispenses with its own tracking and makes the price independent of traffic - so we can also serve customers with a lot of traffic and a small budget without sacrificing functionality. Fabian Hans Cogniteer Founder Automatic event import Save yourself the trouble of creating goals After the one-time connection with your analytics tool, all events and metrics are automatically available in Varify as a goal selection - without manual creation. With fully recorded data, forgotten or new goals can even be added during an ongoing experiment. Learn more After the sunset of Google Optimize, Varify.io seamlessly filled the gap. The simplicity and effectiveness of the tool was a real game changer for us at ConversionKings. Sam Way ConversionKings Head of Client Solutions Cookieless tracking Privacy Varify does not require any personal data for experiment delivery and does not set any cookies, but nevertheless ensures that test participants are always assigned to the correct variation. Our servers are hosted in Frankfurt, Germany via AWS and Cloudflare and meet the highest security standards - compliant with GDPR, CCPA, HIPAA and revDSG. Learn more Varify offers exactly the functions we need for data-driven and GDPR-compliant optimizations - supported by a competent team that is always on hand. Christian Dengler ConvertLab Founder For a quick start Beginner-friendly & intuitive Varify makes creating experiments effortlessly simple: change texts, images, styles and move elements or entire sections. You can also use ready-made campaign boosters such as notifications or exit intent layers to get started right away. Learn more The user-friendly interface combined with powerful functions makes carrying out tests incredibly easy. Viacheslav Matyushin InsightWhale CRO Team Leader For more advanced users For all those who want to delve deeper Build your experiments flexibly with JavaScript, CSS or HTML - including open APIs for controlling experiments and exporting results. Use provided options such as targeting by CSS selector, data layer entry or create your own rules with JavaScript to target your experiments. Learn more I am particularly impressed by the rapid implementation of the necessary functions, which give us the greatest possible flexibility to implement our projects efficiently and data-driven. Matthias Rohde Smarketer Product Lead CRO How Varify differs from other A/B testing platforms Visual editor Simple changes without a developer Seamless integration In tools such as Mouseflow, Clarity & co. Page & Audience Targeting Decide where and who sees your tests 1:1 Support Get direct help from CRO managers Flat rate Unlimited traffic and experiments Monthly price *** Between 100k-250k users per month 119 € $256 – $479 $569 – $1,373 * Page & Audience Targeting Not all targeting options, such as device category or UTM parameters, are included in the Growth Plan. ** 1:1 Support Unlike the platforms mentioned, a CRO expert will help you right from the first level contact. *** Monthly price The Growth Plan (VWO), the Growth Plan (Convert) and the Growth Plan (Varify) were compared. The basis was 100,000-250,000 monthly tracked users (MTU) on October 16, 2025 with annual billing. Important to mention: From a higher monthly traffic - such as from 500,000 MTU with VWO or 1,000,000 MTU with Convert - the Growth Plan is no longer available and a change to more expensive plans becomes necessary. Book a demo call now This is how we redefine industry standards User friendliness Customer support Fulfillment of the requirements Simple setup User friendliness Customer support Fulfillment of the requirements Simple setup Numbers from OMR Reviews . Data as of October 2025. What agencies & companies say about Varify.io® A. Z. SUPERPATRONENManaging Director E-commerce      Classificado como 5 de 5 I have received competent help directly from the founder Steffen on several occasions. Not only did he help me technically, but he was also able to use his years of experience as an experienced tester to help me with my tests time and time again. What's more, the tool is really inexpensive and no comparison to the more expensive competitors. Highlight Expert support A. S. BurdaVerlag GmbHPerformance Manager Publisher      Classificado como 5 de 5 Landing pages can be customized quickly, intuitively and with many options; tool can be used in many ways, e.g. also for teaser boxes; fast & helpful support, how-to videos for beginners; scientific approach in the development of the tool Highlight How-to videos V. M. InsightWhaleCRO Team Leader Agency      Classificado como 5 de 5 Varify is a user-friendly A/B testing tool that integrates seamlessly with GA. The platform simplifies the process of setting up and analyzing A/B tests - from setup to reporting. Varify is an excellent alternative to other tools and offers a cost-effective solution with fast loading times and clear reports. Highlight Clear reporting C. L. GoossensCRO Specialist Retail      Classificado como 4 de 5 Varify.io is a user-friendly tool for A/B tests. The interface is clear and easy to use. The support responds quickly and is very helpful - it's great that you get immediate support when problems arise. Highlight intuitive interface User-friendly UX D. S. VP Digital Marketing D. S. VP Digital Marketing Online streaming      Classificado como 5 de 5 The platform was incredibly easy to install, integrates seamlessly with Google Analytics and offers unlimited uses, which is a big plus for a company like ours. Their responsiveness and helpfulness made all the difference. Highlight Setup & price L. L. sevDesk GmbHTeam Lead SEO Software      Classificado como 5 de 5 I particularly appreciate the fact that tests can be implemented quickly and easily. This is very helpful for our team, as we don't always have enough developer resources, but we can still run small tests independently. Highlight easy test setup Our support comes directly from experienced CRO managers Our team supports you during onboarding, answers your questions via chat or email, and is available for deeper topics in web meetings. Tool Onboarding Chat & E-Mail Fast response time Personal onboarding & setup Phone & Slack Web Meeting Book a demo call now Frequently asked questions Why is Varify.io® proportionally so much cheaper than other providers? At Varify.io®, we want to make digitally optimizing a site possible for all businesses, regardless of their starting point. We focus on affordable and unlimited testing without compromising on the variety of features. Unlike other providers, we do not pay per user ourselves and rely on existing tracking systems, which allows us to pass on the more favorable conditions to our customers. This approach is in line with our "single source of truth" principle, which is why we do not keep our own goal tracking, but focus on seamless integration of analytics tools for A/B test evaluation. How do I integrate Varify.io® on my website? The Varify.io® snippet should be included at the beginning of the head section of your website. Alternatively, you can simply add the snippet via a tag manager. Can I try Varify.io® without having the snippet integrated on my website? You don't have to integrate the snippet into your website just to try out the editor. For this you can use the Varify.io ® Chrome Browser Extension download. Go here to the Explainer video . How do I set up a new A/B test with Varify.io®? Create a new variant and save it under a name of your choice. Now you can define your A/B test setup directly in the Varify.io® dashboard for the created variant and then start it directly. The A/B test setup includes the definition of the targeting and the traffic distribution. Does Varify.io® affect the loading speed of my website? The Varify.io® snippet loads with only 11.5kb and is thus usually completely loaded in under 30ms - virtually imperceptible. So your web pages stay lightning fast. Show more questions Notice: Varify assumes no responsibility for the functionality of the code and information. It is the user's responsibility to ensure that the Test code thoroughly and implement them correctly. Platform Registration Login Pricing For agencies Functions Roadmap BigQuery Knowledge Blog Knowledge A/B Testing Guide Compare Varify vs. VWO Varify vs. Convert Support Contact Tutorials User documentation Discovery Call Information on data protection Company About us Affiliate More about us Linkedin Element 10 Imprint Terms of Service Privacy Privacy settings Varify.io® is available in several languages. I want to change to: DE DE EN IT PT TR ES FR Change Language Close & do not switch language