We are working for fossil freedom - Vattenfall You need to enable JavaScript to get the full functionality of this site. Skip to content Go to main navigation en sv de Search freetext Freetext × About us Our operations Sustainability Investors Press and media Careers Menu Video player requires marketing cookies. To view this content please click here to allow marketing cookies . Pause Video The taste of wind power We’re doing more than just producing fossil free electricity at some of our offshore wind farms. We’re growing seaweed there, too. We call it Wind Farming. Read more about Wind Farming Our road to fossil freedom Fossil free steel A metal so valuable that it can reduce global CO2 emissions by up to 7%. Wind power Wind power is a core ingredient for decarbonisation. Electric driving A fossil free society needs fossil free transport. Sign up for our newsletter THE EDIT THE EDIT is Vattenfall's new monthly newsletter. Each issue highlights a new burning issue from the world of sustainable energy and fossil freedom. Subscribe to THE EDIT News and press releases News Nuclear 23 December 2025 2 min Videberg Kraft applies for state aid for investment in new nuclear power The project company Videberg Kraft, that will build and operate nuclear reactors, is applying for state aid for an investment in new nuclear power on the Värö Peninsula on the west coast of ... Read the full article News Sustainability and environment 15 December 2025 3 min Europe's first 'wind power-built' car park inaugurated The new Niels Bohr car park in Lund was recently inaugurated, a building partly constructed from disused rotor blades from wind turbines. The building is the first of its kind in Europe and ... Read the full article News People 11 December 2025 1 min Celebrating Inclusion: Vattenfall Disability Day and a Year of DEI Progress Vattenfall marked the International Day of Persons with Disabilities, reaffirming its commitment to Diversity, Equity & Inclusion. Read the full article More news and press releases Careers Join us and become part of an inclusive culture where you can grow, contribute, and make a difference. Explore career options at Vattenfall See also Climate transition plan We have decided to make the biggest leap yet to reduce the impact of climate change. Financial reports and presentations Our latest annual and sustainability report, interim reports and other presentations. Sustainability We have a responsibility for our environmental and social impacts. Go to footer Go to main navigation Go to footer Go to main navigation Contact us Vattenfall AB Tel.+46 (0)8 739 50 00 Fax.+46 (0)8 17 85 06 SE-169 92 Stockholm Contact us Follow us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Facebook About Vattenfall Vattenfall is a European energy company with approximately 21,000 employees. For more than 100 years we have electrified industries, supplied energy to people's homes and modernised our way of living through innovation and cooperation. We are working for fossil freedom. More about Vattenfall About this website | Privacy policy | Modern Slavery Act statement | Whistleblowing | About cookies | Sitemap