New and Used Auto Dealership Management Software | vAuto Skip to content Attending NADA? Reserve Your Seat Now! Book A Demo Cox Automotive Autotrader Central Dispatch Dealer.com Dealertrack EV Battery Solutions FleetNet America Fleet Services KBB Manheim NextGear Capital vAuto VinSolutions Xtime Autotrader Central Dispatch Dealer.com Dealertrack EV Battery Solutions FleetNet America Fleet Services KBB Manheim NextGear Capital vAuto VinSolutions Xtime Help 1-855-Cox-Auto 1-855-Cox-Auto Client Login 877-828-8614 Contact Us Search for: Client Login Request a Demo Request Demo Products Used Car Inventory Management vAuto’s ProfitTime GPS is the industry’s only solution that brings data-driven insights about each vehicles value to every retail pricing and every sourcing decision you make — in every channel you make them. View software solution vAuto’s Provision inventory management software uses vAuto’s Live Market View to help used car dealers stock, appraise, price and list more precisely than their competitors. View software solution Secrets to Success: | Insights from Used Car Dealers Facing a challenge? You’re not alone. Watch vAuto success stories to learn how dealers like you overcame obstacles and achieved even better results. View Dealer Voices New Car Inventory Management Conquest gives you a Live Market View of new car inventory in real time, resulting in better new car strategies. View software solution Watch the Data To Capitalize on Pent-Up Demand | Q3 2025 Live Market View Explore key trends in the automotive market with Derek Hansen and Jonathan Smoke as they unpack rising affordability, dealer resilience, and the evolving impact of tariffs on new and used car sales. Watch video Wholesale Strategy vAuto’s Stockwave wholesale sourcing software gives you access to vehicles from 300+ marketplaces with the most accurate, up-to-the-minute Live Market View of today’s used car values and pricing. View software solution The proven way to profit at wholesale. View software solution Stockwave: Using Glance to evaluate a vehicle's potential Watch Stockwave’s Glance in action in this product demo video. Stockwave delivers live market data you can’t get anywhere else. See Stockwave’s Glance Merchandising Intelligent Promotion allows your dealership to merchandise more efficiently with attention-grabbing VDP content and promotions you can scale across your inventory. View software solution Vehicle Intelligence 360 allows you to easily create a superior VDP experience that differentiates and showcases each used vehicle’s value online. View software solution Hello Auto Group, with six stores in California and two more opening soon, uses Intelligent Promotion to boost marketing by displaying incentives on vehicle images, increasing clicks and leads. Watch Reconditioning iRecon reconditioning software allows your dealership to efficiently communicate with reconditioning partners, reduce holding costs and get vehicles in front of customers sooner. See software solution See what repairing your recon can do for your profits Building a more efficient process with iRecon can help increase your ROI. Use this calculator and see how much additional profit you could expect each month. Recon ROI Calculator Solution Finder Inventory Trends Getting Inventory Predictive Data Science Fuels Used Car Management Innovation Doing Business the Way Today’s Customer Prefers Navigate New Car Trends Success Stories By Department Used Car Inventory Managing inventory is a matter of making sure every decision makes money for your dealership. Provision® helps decision-making look easy, increasing efficiency and turn even in the toughest times. Read more New Car Inventory Many dealers feel like their inventory — and their success — is limited. Dealers who use Conquest™ feel differently and have as much as a 39% increase in new car sales to show for it. Read more Wholesale Sourcing Battling a more challenging auction environment than ever, many dealers come home with cars that don’t gross. Dealers who use Stockwave are seeing as much as a 40% increase in gross profit. Read more By Product Watch Gary Wexler’s full interview to hear why he moved to ProfitTime when he already had one of the most profitable dealerships in the country. Read more Learn how vAuto’s Stockwave solution streamlined this dealers entire wholesale buying process. Read more Hear how one dealer used iRecon to identify and address flaws in their dealership’s reconditioning process that resulted in rapid growth in their pre-owned departments across the country. Read more Connections Resources vAuto Academy Learn the power of Variable Management, a new way of thinking about used inventory that’s essential to success. Philosophy Track See how to put it all into practice using ProfitTime GPS, with a series of in-depth product tutorials that connect all the dots. Product Track vAuto Academy and Certification You put in the time. You learned the lessons. You built the skills. Let the industry know it with globally recognized credentials for your ProfitTime GPS expertise. Help Center Click here to navigate to the Help Center to find answers to your most common support questions without having to pick up the phone or open a case. Search by topic or use keywords in the search bar to find what you need in our ever-expanding library of Knowledge articles. FAQs Have a problem you need to report? Summit a support case and get the personal help you need. Summit A Case The vAuto Help Center Find answers to your most common support questions without having to pick up the phone or open a case. Search by topic or use keywords in the search bar to find what you need in our ever-expanding library of knowledge articles. Webinars & Trainings Access one-on-one training to ensure successful onboarding of our product. Guiding you well beyond initial implementation, we also offer monthly training to help you use your solutions to the fullest and ensure your continued success. US Dealers Canadian Dealers Ongoing Training and Webinar Opportunities. vAuto offers on-going training and webinars each month for our dealers. Check out our upcoming schedule and register today! Learning Center Videos Podcasts Testimonials Product Resources The best content from industry veterans to help dealers solve their toughest inventory challenges. About Our Approach Watch the Data To Capitalize on Pent-Up Demand | Q3 2025 Live Market View Explore key trends in the automotive market with Derek Hansen and Jonathan Smoke as they unpack rising affordability, dealer resilience, and the evolving impact of tariffs on new and used car sales. Watch video Performance Management Watch the Data To Capitalize on Pent-Up Demand | Q3 2025 Live Market View Explore key trends in the automotive market with Derek Hansen and Jonathan Smoke as they unpack rising affordability, dealer resilience, and the evolving impact of tariffs on new and used car sales. Watch video Quarterly New/Used Newsletter Quarterly Industry Insights | New and Used Car Newsletter What happened in the new and used car industry this past quarter? Visit our Industry Insights page to learn about days’ supply, inventory, pricing, sales trends and more! Learn More Live Market View Watch the Data To Capitalize on Pent-Up Demand | Q3 2025 Live Market View Explore key trends in the automotive market with Derek Hansen and Jonathan Smoke as they unpack rising affordability, dealer resilience, and the evolving impact of tariffs on new and used car sales. Watch video Technical Support The vAuto Help Center is Here Find answers to your most common support questions in our ever-expanding library of Knowledge articles. Available to you 24/7 from the Support link at the bottom of every vAuto page. Help Center > Training Ongoing Training and Webinar Opportunities vAuto offers on-going training and webinars each month for our dealers. Check out our upcoming schedule and register today! Then, put your knowledge to the test with vAuto Academy’s Variable Management certification. Training Webinars Academy Certification Events vAuto Events Schedule Join us as we showcase our latest innovations, share insights, and operational best practices for dealers. Here’s where you can find us and a glimpse of what you’ll get. Events Leadership Watch the Data To Capitalize on Pent-Up Demand | Q3 2025 Live Market View Explore key trends in the automotive market with Derek Hansen and Jonathan Smoke as they unpack rising affordability, dealer resilience, and the evolving impact of tariffs on new and used car sales. Watch video FAQ The vAuto Help Center is Here Find answers to your most common support questions in our ever-expanding library of Knowledge articles. Available to you 24/7 from the Support link at the bottom of every vAuto page. Help Center > Careers An Evolutionary View of Performance Management | vAuto Podcast In this vAuto podcast, Christian Hanna, Associate Vice President of Performance Management for vAuto, offers an overview of the coaching role that Performance Managers provide vAuto dealers to help them achieve greater success. Watch video Request Demo 877-828-8614 | Contact Us Client Login Used Cars New Cars Wholesale Merchandising Reconditioning +4.5% Increased Sales Volume** Built for +17.3% Front-End Gross* Optimize each car’s unique ROI. vAuto delivers a suite of solutions for the complete life cycle of new and used inventory. Solutions powered by superior data and insights that optimize your inventory and your process. So that, no matter how well your business runs today, vAuto’s end-to-end inventory management solutions help the best dealers run better. 14,000+ dealers trust vAuto to manage their inventory. 3x is the increase in percentage of vehicles sourced outside of trade-ins and auctions from 2019 to 2022. 67% of dealer website visitors interact with VDP photos — 4x the engagement rate of text. 4:11 the top 20% of dealers get used cars front-line ready in just 4 days, compared to an average of 11 days. Inventory Opportunities with Global Acquisition vAuto’s end-to-end inventory management solutions bring data-driven insights for every vehicle – in every situation. Know exactly where to go to acquire the vehicles you need with the all-new Global Search feature that ties all inventory acquisition channels into a single, actionable view. Market-based Valuation Model Separate yourself from the competition with vAuto’s live market view, the most powerful insights and robust data available to dealers. We offer the industry’s first and only solution that drills deeper than the VIN and trim-level comparisons offered by the competition. You get the most accurate view for appraising available vehicles, including strategy-tied appraising and pricing recommendations to guide your new and used inventory management decisions. Market-smart Inventory Strategy Make inventory acquisition decisions based on more than gut feel or what’s worked for you in the past. Set your inventory strategy to ensure you’re stocking the most desirable and profitable vehicles for your lot and your market. You get more than just a list of the “right” cars to acquire. With a Market-smart Inventory Strategy, you know the cars that meet your specific acquisition and retailing criteria and allow you to see where you can acquire them quickly. Manage Vehicle Inventory from Mobile or Desktop Whether you’re behind your desk or on the go, you can manage each stage of a vehicle’s lifecycle – from an initial VIN scan appraisal to a vehicle comparison report to closing a deal – on your smartphone, tablet or computer. vAuto’s vehicle inventory management tools and applications are optimized for mobile devices. Make Inventory Management Your Competitive Advantage vAuto supports today’s leading franchise and independent dealers, helping them operate at a higher level than their competition. With access to live market data, performance management and powerful inventory solutions, you can achieve record success in any market. View all products Used Car New Car Wholesale Reconditioning Merchandising ProfitTime GPS lets dealers master today’s multi-channel acquisition environment, where each channel has its own challenges and opportunities. ProfitTime GPS lets you drive profitability car by car, turn by turn. View Product Set an Acquisition Strategy Establish a unified acquisition strategy based on the intersection of the ProfitTime score, stocking grade and inventory needs of any vehicle. Appraise for Profit Set and apply your dealership’s strategy to every appraisal. See a recommended price to pay for a vehicle and know how to price it if it’s acquired. Direct Outcomes and Manage Success See detailed views, by channel, of how accurate your appraisers are. Then, optimize your acquisition efforts based on each channel’s opportunities and risks. Succeed in Any Market Conditions Remove the guesswork that comes with changing market conditions. See pricing and stocking recommendations that adjust as your inventory turns. Turn your new car inventory into your competitive advantage. Conquest™ gives you a live market view that goes beyond your OEM system so you can turn and earn more while maximizing your new car profits. View Product Price to Market Understand how to price inventory through live market data to optimize profits without impacting your allocations. Streamline Your Workflow Improve workflows by having your new car, used car and digital merchandising management all in a single platform. Make Strategic Dealer Trades Know which vehicles to request in a dealer trade to win fast sellers and avoid slow movers. Manage Rebates and Incentives Manage OEM factory rebates, discounts and incentives. Then, automatically apply them to your inventory and syndicate them to your third-party listing sites. Make smarter, faster wholesale auction sourcing decisions. Stockwave helps you acquire the right car at the right price using live market data in this wholesale acquisition software. View Product View More Data See 15+ trusted data points at a glance for more information on every wholesale vehicle. Save Searches for Later Create wish lists with saved searches based on what vehicles are in highest demand amongst customers in your specific market. Click on Lightbulbs Lightbulbs offer an appraisal-like experience at the click of a button based on vAuto’s live market data. Set Profit Goals Use business plans to set profit potential and see only the vehicles that meet your dealership’s unique auction buying preferences. Streamline your reconditioning process and boost efficiencies with iRecon. iRecon helps you make the right recon investment decisions to increase the profitability of your service department. View Product Work directly in ProfitTime® GPS and Provision® iRecon’s easy-to-use dashboard allows you to create, update and monitor vehicle recon plans, then take action based on customized recon metrics. Track Approval Times Set parameters for expected task time and let your team see how long task approvals are taking. Communicate with @tagging Open the lines of communication across departments and with vendors. Send messages and notifications in real time to keep work moving. Track Vehicle Locations Use GPS to save time locating vehicles on your physical lot. Influence online shoppers and win more sales. vAuto Merchandising helps you enhance your VDP content and tell vehicle-specific stories that drive consumer purchasing decisions. View Product Intelligent Promotion Merchandise more efficiently with attention-grabbing promotions you can scale across your new or used vehicle inventory. Autowriter Elevate your digital merchandising with bold, vehicle-specific stories that help shoppers make faster buying decisions. SnapLot360 Create an immersive digital shopping experience that puts consumers in the driver’s seat. Offer interior and exterior 360-degree spin view of any vehicle. Manage and Syndicate Listing Content Easily upload vehicle photos and media, manage online listings and deploy them to third-party sites. Gary Wexler Honda of Downtown Chicago View “We were very profitable. Most people would say if it’s not broke don’t fix it. But we said, if it’s great let’s break it and make it better. And ProfitTime did.” Gary Wexler Honda of Downtown Chicago View Bradley Berndt Auto Haus on Velp View “Thanks to Provision, I don’t have a job. I have a fun career.” Bradley Berndt Auto Haus on Velp View Trent Waybright Kelley Automotive Group View “Stockwave has helped us generate more gross and make better decisions.” Trent Waybright Kelley Automotive Group View Success Stories Dealers across the country have experienced unprecedented success using vAuto’s end-to-end inventory management solutions. Explore their stories here. Frequently Asked Questions Visit FAQ Page *FRONT-END GROSS: ProfitTime GPS customers saw a 17.3% higher increase in front-end gross profit than Provision dealers from Q3 2019 to Q3 2022. **VOLUME: Highly aligned ProfitTime GPS dealers saw a 4.5% increase in Sales volume and Provision dealers saw a 10.7% decrease in Sales volume from Q3 2019 to Q3 2022. Need some help? Learn more Explore all products What is Performance Management? Demo Request a Demo Contact Us Ask a question Get contact info Career Information Support Contact tech support Forgot my password Help Center LinkedIn Twitter Facebook YouTube Instagram Dale Pollak Blog Products Inventory Trends Success Stories Connections Learning Center About News Help Center Request Demo Terms of Use Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Info Payment Setup W-9 The Moment Is Now: The best deals of the year are available exclusively at NADA when you book and complete your demo. Book a Demo The Moment Is Now: The best deals of the year are available exclusively at NADA when you book and complete your demo. Book a Demo x