Courses
Virginia Education Wizard
College Locator
News & Events
Foundation
Students
System Office
Employers
Apply Now
FIND YOUR
ANSWER
Start Out or Start Fresh at a
Virginia Community College











How can we move you forward today?

Whether you’re starting fresh out of high school or rethinking your path after a lay off or life change, now is your opportunity to explore what truly drives you. You may not have all the answers now, but there is a place where you can find them. Enroll in one of Virginia’s 23 Community Colleges and turn uncertainty into possibility. If you are looking for a job immediately, visit VirginiaHasJobs.com.

Turn your experience into college credits. Virginia’s Community Colleges award credit for your military experience, FastForward or on-the-job industry certifications, professional licensure, and any prior academic learning. Use Credits2Careers to transform your credentials into credits to take you even closer to a degree (online or in-person) and a rewarding career. Learn more.

FastForward is a high-demand program helping Virginians get the jobs they want and the salaries they need. FastForward programs are short-term training courses offered through Virginia’s Community Colleges – including some offered online – to help you fast-track your career.  FastForward covers two-thirds of tuition for qualifying Virginia residents who complete their course. Learn more.

G3 is a training and education program for students with a family income of less than $100,000 to help prepare them for high-demand careers in Virginia. This is a “last dollar” program which covers any remaining tuition and fees after other grants are used.  Learn more.

Transfer Virginia is an initiative to provide transparency and access throughout the college transfer process. Through the Transfer Virginia portal, we strive to provide you consistent and current information from all partner institutions.  Learn more.

With tuition assistance, we make higher education accessible to all Virginians, including veterans and active-duty military members. Learn more about tuition assistance options and explore veteran-specific resources online or at your local community college.

Search by Zip Code or Select School

College Locator
Search
Map of CollegesCollege List
Request Information
Full Name*
Email Address*
Phone Number*
ZIP Code*
I am interested in...*
(select all that apply)
Getting an associates degree
Transfer credits to go to a four year college
Receiving credits for prior service/learning
Getting a skill
Getting a job
Taking courses for an industry-standard certification
Information Technology
Health Sciences
Learning more about logistics and manufacturing
Learning a skills trade (HVAC, Powerlines, etc)
In a career in the education field
Learning welding/manufacturing
Learning about business/customer service
Finding training for employees
Hiring skilled employees
I want to return to college
I want a higher paying job
Learning more about paying for college
I want to enroll in online courses
Preferred Contact*
 Email  Phone
I am a...
 Student  Employer
Latest News
Four of Virginia’s Community Colleges will take part in nationwide initiative to design and implement shortened academic terms
Achieving the Dream has launched a five-year, evidence-based initiative to help community colleges adopt shortened academic terms as a strategy...
Hands-on experiences offer worthwhile lessons at VCCS Student Leadership Conference
Don’t let the smiles and laughter mislead you. More than 250 students from community colleges across Virginia...
First-hand experience: Digital accessibility does matter
“Digital accessibility is about building connection with your students and ensuring everyone has the tools they need...
State Board Spotlight: New VCCS 5-Year Plan, Chancellor’s Fellows
At its meeting on November 20, the VCCS State Board unanimously endorsed Chancellor David Doré’s vision, strategy,...
Campus Quotes
Russell Peterson
Student at TCC
“Every day my teachers brought real-world knowledge to the classroom and were really invested in student success.”
Keia Holmes
Student at RCC
“At RCC you are not just a number—they call you by your name.”
Sherri Gallagher
Student at NRCC
“The instructors are incredible, they really work with everyone. You build a bond with them.”
Michah Thomas
Student at PDCCC
“After coming here and receiving hope from so many others, I have been inspired to keep going.”
Chris Chen  
Student at NOVA
“I liked that the classrooms at NOVA were much smaller than four-year colleges.”
Russell Peterson
Student at TCC
“Every day my teachers brought real-world knowledge to the classroom and were really invested in student success.”
Keia Holmes
Student at RCC
“At RCC you are not just a number—they call you by your name.”
Sherri Gallagher
Student at NRCC
“The instructors are incredible, they really work with everyone. You build a bond with them.”
Michah Thomas
Student at PDCCC
“After coming here and receiving hope from so many others, I have been inspired to keep going.”
Slide 1
Slide 2
Slide 3
Slide 4
Slide 5

300 Arboretum Place, Suite 200, Richmond, VA 23236

(804) 819-4901

info@vccs.edu

myVCCS
VCCS Intranet (Faculty & Staff only)
About VCCS
About VCCS
Our Mission
Our History
Our Sustainability
Statistics
Privacy Policy & FOIA Requests
Logos and Resources
Equal Employment Opportunity & Title IX Information
News & Events
News & Events
News Releases
VCCS Blog
Event Calendar
Fact Sheet
Media Inquiries
Join the Team
Join the Team
Professional Development
Job Openings
Employee Benefits
Presidential Searches
Staff Directory
Apply for Jobs

© 2022 Virginia Community Colleges • All Rights Reserved

   