 The new BizAI is here: Bringing agentic AI to SMBs → Read more 
Why vcita
Features
Pricing
Resources
Partners
Schedule a demo
Sign up
Login
SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE

Organize your entire business on one easy-to-use app

Boost your productivity, get paid faster, and deliver exceptional client experiences – powered by AI.

Try vcita for FREE

No credit card required

SMB-serving enterprise? 
Partner with us →
Dashboard
Welcome back, Kathryn
Sales
Year to date
$238,900
13%
Pending estimates
8
Overdue payments
$1,320
1-7 Days
| 3 payments | $320
| 7 payments | $770
7-30 Days
30+ Days
| 2 payments | $220
Scheduled revenue
$1750
$1500
$1250
$500
$250
$0
JAN 6
JAN 13
JAN 20
JAN 27
Schedule
Upcoming
Monday 30
11:00am – 11:30am
Alex Turner
Consultation
AT
Monday 30
1:00pm – 3:30pm
Event
Hand-on workshop
11/25
Next few days
Friday 06
1
VC
Saturday 07
No bookings
Monday 09
Tuesday 10
Quick Actions
DashboardInboxCalendarClientsSalesDocumentsCampaignsReportsClient PortalOnline PresenceApp MarketSettings
I'm your personal business assistantTry our conversationanything in the cha
Hi, I'm BizAI
Try Conversation
Send invoice
Accept payment
Send messages
New appointment
2 appointments bookedby BizAI
BizAI prepared 4estimates for review
BizAI drafted responsesfor 5 clients
 Clients
 Payments
 Marketing
 Time
 BizAI

Stay organized and convert leads

Boost efficiency and deliver exceptional client experiences with an AI-powered CRM that drafts responses to clients while you’re busy working.

Grow my business

Get paid faster

Simplify payment collection and get your hard-earned money in the bank on time and in full. AI-powered billing that helps you close deals faster and boost your revenues.

Simplify my payments

Unlock new growth opportunities


Win new business and expand your customer base with AI-powered marketing tools, effortlessly crafted to make an impact.

Supercharge my marketing

Double your efficiency

Make the most of every workday with online scheduling & calendar management – powered by AI. Let AI draft meeting invites and fill up empty slots.

Maximize my workday

Make smarter business decisions

Get actionable recommendations tailored to your business with vcita’s built-in AI-powered business advisor. Your AI assistant that handles smart automations for you.


Boost my business with AI

Work smarter. Not harder.
With BizAI.

The AI-powered business management platform that keeps business owners in control. AI that knows your business and seamlessly integrates into your daily operations.

Explore BizAI
 
Try vcita for FREE
All the features you need, supercharged with AI
The most complete small business management software that doesn’t require tech expertise.

Client management

Manage detailed client records and communication in one place.

Payment collection

Get paid for services & products online from any device, no hardware needed.

Online scheduling & calendar

Get booked while you work and manage your team’s business calendar.

Marketing campaigns

Generate more business with professional email & SMS campaigns.

Estimates & invoices

Create, send, and track branded estimates & invoices.

24/7 Client portal

Invite your clients to book, pay, and get in touch from your own secure client portal.

Staff management

Manage your staff’s schedules and invite them to collaborate with a shared calendar & CRM.

Automation

Automate time-consuming tasks like booking reminders and payment collection.

Mobile app

Manage your business from your pocket with a mobile app you can access anywhere.

Reporting

Make smarter decisions with insights and track business performance with real-time data.

App market & integrations

Connect vcita to your favorite tools & discover more popular apps you’ll love.

Document management

Securely store, access, and share your documents online.

Why vcita is the best management software for your business
You’re the expert in running your business, and we’re the experts in building the digital tools you need. 

The smartest all-in-one app

Say goodbye to multiple tools – vcita brings everything your business needs into one AI-powered app.


Built for local businesses

Simple to get started and easy to use, tailored for busy small business owners.

Highly-praised customer support

We are committed to your business’s success. Our team is here to help you every step of the way.

Secure and compliant

Keep all your client data and payments secure, private, and protected.

Try vcita for FREE
Why businesses love vcita’s business management solution

Join 100,000+ businesses that run better with vcita

We experienced 300% growth with vcita

Dr. Chris Hart


iHeartSleep

vcita has created efficiency within my business

Patrick Osei

Owner and Founder Hot Money Studios

vcita helped me cut my admin time by 50%

Sharon Boon

Amber Moon Studio

Read more reviews
Easy management for busy businesses
No matter what type of services you offer, vcita is here to support your business.
We’re built to fit all types of service providers and customize our solution to be the best for each industry.

Coaching

Beauty & Spa

Fitness

Education

Business Services

Healthcare

Home Services

Finance & Accounting

Legal Professionals

Web & marketing professionals

Didn’t find your industry? Click here
Connect vcita with your favorite apps & tools

Streamline your workflow by seamlessly connecting vcita to your favorite tools. No more multiple accounts and sign-ins, log in to vcita and access everything you need from one place.

See all integrations and apps
An award-winning small business management platform
Loved by small businesses and recognized by industry leaders as a top tech solution
     
With you,
everywhere you go

Run your business from your pocket and get things done on the go with vcita’s lightweight mobile app.

 
Run and grow your business with vcita’s all-in-one business management software

Try 14-days for free, with no credit card required.

Start free trial
Small business management FAQs

What is a business management software?

Business management software is a suite of digital tools, designed to streamline and automate various aspects of running a business, such as managing client interactions, online appointments, billing & invoicing, and enhancing overall productivity. It easily connects with other tools small businesses use and is suited for a wide range of professions and industries.

Which type of businesses use vcita as their small business management tool?

vcita is ideal for a wide range of small to medium-sized service-based businesses, such as consultants, coaches, fitness trainers, legal professionals, and healthcare providers, to name only a few. Any business that requires scheduling, client management, payment processing, and marketing can benefit from vcita.

Does vcita offer AI as part of the small business management solution?

Yes, vcita has a fully integrated AI component to enhance your business management experience and improve your overall business. Our built-in AI-driven business advisor, BizAI, provides actionable insights and actionable recommendations that are based on your business information. BizAIis free of charge, and is based on your specific business data, as well as external industry benchmarks. Like a personal business advisor, it provides contextual, precise and valuable advice to help improve business profitability, service and product descriptions as well as actionable insights on your business growth. Read more about our AI advisor here

How can I optimize my business operations with vcita?

Optimize your business operations with vcita by leveraging features like automated scheduling and payment collection, client management, AI-driven recommendation, billing and invoicing, automatic reminders, email marketing campaign templates, and comprehensive reporting. These tools -and more – help you save time, stay organized, and focus on delivering exceptional client experiences and growing your business.

How much does vcita cost?

vcita offers several pricing plans to fit different business needs, starting with a basic Kickstart package for solopreneurs at $29 and scaling up to more advanced options, such as Business and Platinum plans for growing businesses. For detailed pricing information, please visit our pricing page.

What type of support and onboarding do you offer?

We provide a range of support options – based on your subscription package – , including a comprehensive knowledge base, email support and phone support. Our customer success managers also offer guided and personalized onboarding sessions to ensure you get the most out of vcita from day one, or you can self-onboard and explore the intuitive platform with our in-product onboarding guide.

Do you have a partnership or reseller program?

Yes, vcita offers a various partnership programs, from reselling, channel partnerships and strategic partnerships with SMB-serving enterprises looking to expand their SMB SaaS offering. vcita’s partnership offering, inTandem, is a comprehensive platform that offers partners a wide range of tools, resources and access to experts in the SMB technology field that are here to help successfully market and sell vcita’s solutions, under their brand. Visit our intandem.vcita.com for more details.
Solutions
Small business tools
CRM software
Online scheduling software
Client portal software
Billing and invoicing software
Online credit card processing
Client management software
Lead management software
Marketing software
AI receptionist
Company
About us
Jobs
In the news
Terms of service
Privacy policy
Security and compliance
Report abuse
Report a Vulnerability
Contact us
Partners
inTandem
Xperts
Developers
Community and support
Help center
Blog
Facebook group
Customer stories
Business templates
vcita alternatives
vcita integrations
vcita reviews
English
    

Copyright 2025 vcita Inc. All rights reserved.