Visionary Broadband | Visionary Broadband Customer Service 888.682.1884 | Available M-F 8AM-5PM | Check Availability Navigation SHOP HOME Check Availability Worry Free Wi-Fi SHOP BUSINESS Careers Support Login GET CONNECTED SHOP HOME Check Availability Worry Free Wi-Fi SHOP BUSINESS Careers Support Login GET CONNECTED INTERNET BUILT FOR THE WEST. We're an internet provider tackling tough broadband obstacles in Colorado, Montana, and Wyoming. DECEMBER SPECIAL ALL NEW CUSTOMERS GET ONE MONTH FREE GET OFFER code MERRYMONTH  - Valid Dec 1-31 Broadband for your everyday needs... Work and learn from home Seamless streaming High-speed gaming Connect smart home devices INTERNET BUILT FOR THE WEST. We're an internet provider tackling tough broadband obstacles in Colorado, Montana, and Wyoming. DECEMBER SPECIAL ALL NEW CUSTOMERS GET ONE MONTH FREE GET OFFER code MERRYMONTH  - Valid Dec 1-31 Broadband for your everyday needs... Work and learn from home Seamless streaming High-speed gaming Connect smart home devices INTERNET BUILT FOR THE WEST. We're an internet provider tackling tough broadband obstacles in Colorado, Montana, and Wyoming. DECEMBER SPECIAL ALL NEW CUSTOMERS GET ONE MONTH FREE GET OFFER code MERRYMONTH  - Valid Dec 1-31 Broadband for your everyday needs... Work and learn from home Seamless streaming High-speed gaming Connect smart home devices PRODUCTS THAT FIT YOUR LIFE HYPERSPEED Up to 5 Gigs Instant downloads & ultra-low latency Future-proof speeds for max performance Available in select areas Get Hyperspeed POWER Up to 2.5 Gigs Stream, game, and work with zero buffering Supports multiple 4K streams with no slowdowns Available in select areas Get Power ESSENTIAL Up to 600 Mbps Fast, reliable everyday internet Stream in HD, video call, and browse seamlessly Available in select areas Get Essential PRODUCTS THAT FIT YOUR LIFE HYPERSPEED Up to 5 Gigs Instant downloads & ultra-low latency Future-proof speeds for max performance Available in select areas Get Hyperspeed POWER Up to 2.5 Gigs Stream, game, and work with zero buffering Supports multiple 4K streams with no slowdowns Available in select areas Get Power ESSENTIAL Up to 600 Mbps Fast, reliable everyday internet Stream in HD, video call, and browse seamlessly Available in select areas Get Essential PRODUCTS THAT FIT YOUR LIFE HYPERSPEED Up to 5 Gigs Instant downloads & ultra-low latency Future-proof speeds for max performance Available in select areas Get Hyperspeed POWER Up to 2.5 Gigs Stream, game, and work with zero buffering Supports multiple 4K streams with no slowdowns Available in select areas Get Power ESSENTIAL Up to 600 Mbps Fast, reliable everyday internet Stream in HD, video call, and browse seamlessly Available in select areas Get Essential WHY VISIONARY? Local, gritty, ready for anything. Proudly serving the unique needs of Colorado, Wyoming, and Montana, our expertise goes beyond fast internet. Our boots-on-the-ground team understands local challenges and provides customized solutions to keep you connected. Free installation. Kickstart your connection with ease. Our free installation means no extra fees or surprises, just a smooth, straightforward setup designed to get you online without the hassle. No data caps, no throttling. Enjoy a truly unrestricted online experience. Whether you're streaming, working, or connecting with loved ones, our service keeps pace with your needs, without limits or slowdowns. No annual contracts. Flexibility is key. With no annual contracts, you’re free to adjust your service as your needs change, giving you complete control without being locked in. WHY VISIONARY? Local, gritty, ready for anything. Proudly serving the unique needs of Colorado, Wyoming, and Montana, our expertise goes beyond fast internet. Our boots-on-the-ground team understands local challenges and provides customized solutions to keep you connected. Free installation. Kickstart your connection with ease. Our free installation means no extra fees or surprises, just a smooth, straightforward setup designed to get you online without the hassle. No data caps, no throttling. Enjoy a truly unrestricted online experience. Whether you're streaming, working, or connecting with loved ones, our service keeps pace with your needs, without limits or slowdowns. No annual contracts. Flexibility is key. With no annual contracts, you’re free to adjust your service as your needs change, giving you complete control without being locked in. BUNDLES? WE'VE GOT YOU COVERED. WORRY-FREE-WIFI It's more than internet, it's peace of mind. One simple set up. Endless stress-free support. Extra security when connected to your network. $200.00 router not in the budget? No need to worry. Manage devices and monitor usage with the Visionary Connect app. Learn More I'm ready to bundle and save! Get Worry-Free WiFi BUNDLES? WE'VE GOT YOU COVERED. WORRY-FREE-WIFI It's more than internet, it's peace of mind. One simple set up. Endless stress-free support. Extra security when connected to your network. $200.00 router not in the budget? No need to worry. Manage devices and monitor usage with the Visionary Connect app. Learn More I'm ready to bundle and save! Get Worry-Free WiFi BUNDLES? WE'VE GOT YOU COVERED. WORRY-FREE-WIFI It's more than internet, it's peace of mind. One simple set up. Endless stress-free support. Extra security when connected to your network. $200.00 router not in the budget? No need to worry. Manage devices and monitor usage with the Visionary Connect app. Learn More I'm ready to bundle and save! Get Worry-Free WiFi "Service is exceptional and the quality of the broadband has made a significant difference in our household. I spoke with real people at every step of the step up process and all my questions were answered quickly and professionally.” All Reviews FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Do I have to sign a contract? Residential service includes unlimited data and does not require any contracts. How long will it take to get connected? Once you complete your order, our scheduling team will reach out to coordinate the best date and time. Wireless Timing: 5-7 days Above Ground Fiber Timing: 5-7 days Underground Fiber Timing: 14 days What is the installation process? Wireless: Technicians will mount a small dish on your roof, aiming it at a wireless tower. A small cable will run from the dish into your home and connect to your router. This process is usually completed within 2 hours. Fiber: Installing fiber is a multi-step process. Depending on the area and build requirements, it can be installed underground or above ground. Our crews will visit your home 3 times to mark utilities, drop the fiber line to your home, and finally complete the installation. What support do you provide if I run into technical issues? Our Technical and Customer Support Teams reside in the areas we serve, ready to provide local, knowledgable, and friendly expertise! Tech Support: Available Every Day 6am - 10pm Customer Service: Available M-F 8am - 5pm Do you provide a router? Our Managed Router and Visionary Connect App are included with our Worry-Free Wi-Fi package! FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Do I have to sign a contract? Residential service includes unlimited data and does not require any contracts. How long will it take to get connected? Once you complete your order, our scheduling team will reach out to coordinate the best date and time. Wireless Timing: 5-7 days Above Ground Fiber Timing: 5-7 days Underground Fiber Timing: 14 days What is the installation process? Wireless: Technicians will mount a small dish on your roof, aiming it at a wireless tower. A small cable will run from the dish into your home and connect to your router. This process is usually completed within 2 hours. Fiber: Installing fiber is a multi-step process. Depending on the area and build requirements, it can be installed underground or above ground. Our crews will visit your home 3 times to mark utilities, drop the fiber line to your home, and finally complete the installation. What support do you provide if I run into technical issues? Our Technical and Customer Support Teams reside in the areas we serve, ready to provide local, knowledgable, and friendly expertise! Tech Support: Available Every Day 6am - 10pm Customer Service: Available M-F 8am - 5pm Do you provide a router? Our Managed Router and Visionary Connect App are included with our Worry-Free Wi-Fi package! STILL NOT SURE WHERE TO START? Call Us Speak directly with our team Email Us For quick questions Business Solutions? Check out commercial plans About Visionary Meet Visionary Broadband Locations Reviews News Careers Construction VCN Policies SHOP Shop Home Shop Business Worry Free Wi-Fi LOGIN Account Login SUPPORT Contact Us Knowledge Base Support Visionary Speed Test Check Fiber Drop Status Public IP Checker Connect With Us ©2026 All rights reserved.