Virtual Courts | Home Skip to navigation Skip to main content A- A A+ A A Virtual Courts About Services Search Case Contact Loading... × × Close OK Settle your case online on virtual courts Select Department Assam(Assam Traffic Department) Chandigarh(VIRTUAL COURT CHANDIGARH) Chhattisgarh(Traffic Department) Chhattisgarh(Transport Department) Delhi(Notice Department) Delhi(Traffic Department) Gujarat(Transport Department) Gujarat(Traffic Department) Haryana(Traffic Department) Himachal Pradesh(Traffic Department) Jammu and Kashmir(Jammu Traffic Department) Jammu and Kashmir(Kashmir Traffic Department) Karnataka(Traffic Department) Kerala(Police Department) Kerala(Transport Department) Madhya Pradesh(Traffic Department) Maharashtra(NASHIK TRAFFIC DEPARTMENT) Maharashtra(Maharashtra Transport Department) Manipur(MANIPUR VIRTUAL COURT (TRAFFIC)) Manipur(MANIPUR VIRTUAL COURT (TRANSPORT)) Meghalaya(Meghalaya Traffic Department) Odisha(Odisha Traffic CTC-BBSR Commissionerate) Punjab(Punjab Traffic Department) Rajasthan(Rajasthan Traffic Department) Tamil Nadu(Traffic Department) Tripura(Traffic Department) Uttarakhand(Transport Department) Uttarakhand(Traffic Department) Uttar Pradesh(Traffic Department) West Bengal(Traffic Department) Proceed Now About Virtual Court In the current scenario facility is provided for Litigants to file the plaint electronically
through e-Filing and also pay the Court Fees or Fine online through https://vcourts.gov.in Litigant can view the status of the case also online through various channels created for service delivery. However for adjudication purpose the Litigant may have to appear in person or through the Lawyer in the Court. Virtual Court is a concept aimed at eliminating presence of litigant or lawyer in the court and adjudication of the case online. Services Services offered on Virtual Courts website Search by Mobile Number Search by Mobile Number on Virtual Courts Search by CNR Search by CNR on Virtual Courts Search by Party Name Search by Party Name on Virtual Courts Search by Challan/Vehicle No. Search by Challan/Vehicle No. on Virtual Courts × Terms and Conditions : The web site vcourts.gov.in is designed and developed by National Informatics Centre under the e-Courts project for the e-Committee, Supreme Court of India. 
Payment APIs are shared by the High Courts and Government Finance Departments of the respective states. 
In case of any issues during or after payment, user may contact the respective Subordinate Court, High Court or Finance and Treasury Department of the individual State. Neither e-Committee nor National Informatics Centre will be responsible in any way for non-payment, non-receipt, issue that may arise while paying the amount online for any kind of payments made through this portal. 
Though all efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy and correctness of the contents on this website, the same should not be construed as a statement of law or used for any legal purposes.
In case of any ambiguity or doubts, users are advised to verify/check with the authorities concerned of District Court or High Court. 
In case of any variance between what is stated in this website and that contained in the relevant Acts, Rules, Regulations, Policy, Statements, etc., the latter shall prevail. 
Under no circumstances, neither e-Committee nor High Court nor National Informatics Centre will be liable for any expense, loss or damage including, without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any expense, loss or damage whatsoever arising from use, or loss of use, of data, arising out of or in connection with the help of this website. 
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Indian Laws. 
Any dispute arising under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of India only. Close × Privacy Policy : We do not sell or share any personally identifiable information volunteered on the Virtual Courts website to any third party (public/private). Any information provided to this website will be protected from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. 
Virtual courts site gathers certain information about the user, such as Internet protocol (IP) addresses, domain name, browser type, operating system, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We do not attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected. Close × Refund and Cancellation Policy : Virtual courts are governed by rules and procedures of the respective High Courts as such cancellation or refund of any money paid or otherwise, is bound by rules of the respective High Courts. Close × Hyperlinking Policy : At many places in this website, you will find links to other websites/portals. These links have been placed for your convenience. e-Committee Supreme Court of India is not in any way responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over availability of linked pages. Close Quick Links Sitemap Help Contact Us About Us Web Information Manager FAQ Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Refund & Cancellation Policy Hyper Linking Policy Screen Reader Access Content reviewed and updated on: 24 May 2024 This site is designed, developed, hosted and maintained by National Informatics Centre, Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology, Government of India. © 2019 eCommittee Supreme Court of India | All Rights Reserved B4