Ventura County Star: California local news, sports and entertainment from Oxnard, Ventura and more News Sports Opinion Entertainment Real Estate Advertise Obituaries eNewspaper Legals Year in review: Rescued camel, family football legacy, more Whales showing up more often off Ventura. Here's what to know Jack Cunningham is The Star's Football Offensive Player of the Year Giana Mucci is The Star’s 2025 Girls Tennis Player of the Year Watch Now More Stories NYE weather may bring luck. What California New Year's… Body found after shark fears shake Monterey Bay swim… The wolf moon, the first full moon of 2026, where to… Man dies after tractor overturns, sewage spill in… The Star's All-County Football Offense First Team for… Shopping Buy Mexico 2026 World Cup tickets here Start planning 2026 adventures with USA TODAY's wall calendar Get Metro by T-Mobile for $25 per month when you bring your own device News Year in review: Rescued camel, family football legacy, more Whales showing up more often off Ventura. Here's what to know Immigration raids fuel major job decline in California, report says Sports Jack Cunningham is The Star's Football Offensive Player of the Year Giana Mucci is The Star’s 2025 Girls Tennis Player of the Year Big Ten dunks on SEC in coaching carousel. That's the cold truth Entertainment Rob Reiner, his wife killed in apparent homicide Ventura's Burch Studio turns amateur musicians into pros See the Ventura studio that turns amateurs into homegrown musicians Life Give Your Brain a Break — Play Today 10 Thanksgiving-themed 'dad jokes' to tell the family, break the ice Chicken Wing Day 2025, where to get deals in California Business Biotech, cannabis, housing made business headlines in 2025 Ventura complex reduces units, adds condos First-time homeowners to move into affordable Camarillo townhomes soon Opinion Letter to the editor | A dark time for the country The final gift sports balls tally is … | Woodburn Woody Woodburn Letter to the editor | Full scope of actions needed Trending How to play the 'Say The Word On Beat' challenge taking over social media Watch live as the world celebrates New Year's Eve to ring in 2026 Snow could drop with the ball on New Year's Eve. See the forecast. Featured Gallery Extra, Extra Winners Announced! Nominate Today! Contests More in Contests Immigration raids fuel major job decline in California, report says New California law expands Newsom’s mental health court Young ski patroller killed in California avalanche California Lottery Mega Millions, Daily 3 Midday winning numbers for Dec. 30, 2025 'Stranger Things' finale hits California theaters this New Year’s Eve About Us Staff Directory Careers Accessibility Support Sitemap Legals Our Ethical Principles USA TODAY Network Style Guide Responsible Disclosure Subscription Terms & Conditions Advertiser Acceptance Policy Terms of Service Privacy Policy California Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Contact Us Support Local Businesses Advertise Your Business Buy and Sell Help Center Subscriber Guide Manage Account Give Feedback Licensing & Reprints Promote Your Event Subscribe Today Newsletters Mobile Apps Facebook X eNewspaper Archives Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Education Events Shopping 10BEST LocaliQ Digital Marketing Solutions © 2025 www.vcstar.com. All rights reserved.