Secure Video Hosting for Business | VdoCipher VdoCipher Sign Up Solutions Use Case EdTech & ELearning Media & OTT Developers Enterprise Healthcare Sports Finance Anti Piracy Features Video DRM Video APIs Video SDKs Custom Video Player Dynamic Watermarking Video Hosting Live Streaming WordPress Plugin Video Subtitles Video Analytics Piracy Identification Pricing Video Hosting & DRM Solution Live Streaming Solution Features Live Developer About Testimonials The Company Contact Login Login Sign Up Secure Video Hosting Prevent illegal Download: DRM, Watermark, Piracy Blocker Custom Player for your E-learning and Media Website/App Beyond DRM: Real-Time Pirate Identification and Analytics Secure Videos Now Schedule Demo * 30 Days Free | No Credit Card Required Best Video Security Company Award by Streaming Media Magazine, Europe Best Video Security Company Award by Streaming Media Magazine, Europe Certified Widevine Integration Partner by Google Certified Widevine Integration Partner by Google 4.9 Rating & Easiest to Use on G2 Crowd Reviews 4.9 Rating & Easiest to Use on G2 Crowd Reviews AWS Standard Technology Partner AWS Standard Technology Partner 6000+ Video platforms secured extra $200 Million in revenues by preventing piracy & increasing paid users Key Reasons to Sign Up Video DRM Encryption No downloader, plugin or hack can download the secure videos streamed through VdoCipher. Highest security from piracy with Google Widevine & Apple FairPlay DRM. Technology Details How VdoCipher is more secure than others? Piracy Blocker & Identification Analytics DRM alone is not enough as hackers have become smarter. Detect DRM breaches, password sharing & advanced piracy attempts. Track per-user watch time, device & security data. Block unauthorized access instantly. More Details Integrations for Web, Native, Flutter, React Native, WordPress, Moodle Easily integrate into websites & apps via our robust APIs, SDKs, and plugins for web, native, Flutter, React, WordPress, and Moodle. Developer-friendly and device-compatible. VdoCipher APIs & SDKs Dynamic User Watermarking Total Screen Capture Block in Mobiles. Discourage screen capture in websites with user based watermark like IP address, user id, email id, phone no. etc. Dynamic Watermarking Demo Video DRM details Custom HTML5 Player for Site & App Customizable smart player for web and app. Customise colors, controls, subtitles, speed control, interactivity. 10 minute embed integration with ready to use player for mobile apps and website. All Custom Video Player Features Upload & Embed Tutorial Live Streaming Solution HD live streaming platform for events, courses & sports. Never miss a moment. Pause, rewind , replay , seek back and forth in live stream. Adaptive multi quality player for site and app. Interactive chat. Scalable to 100,000+ Users. All Live Streaming Features Amazon Server + Multi-CDN Amazon AWS & Google Cloud Infra across 6 continents. Transcoding, Analytics, APIs, Dashboard, Adaptive Player included. Manage thousands of video easily. AI Subtitles & Optimised Transcoding Optimised encoding to keep sizes low while maintaining high visual quality of videos. AI generated subtitles for English content. Backend Licensing, Geo, Time, Domain, Authentication Restrictions Extra-secure video protection with our backend authentication. Restrict access by Geo/IP and block emulators, rooted devices, or duplicate Learn What Our Customers Have To Say About Us! BookMyShow Sayak Rana Global Viewership 100,000+ users We provide premium Hollywood & Bollywood movies for 100,000+ viewers. VdoCipher DRM security is an essential part of our video infrastructure. Integration and compatibility are key aspects of DRM offering, supported well by VdoCipher. Their team was very helpful in the integration of the product. Taki Academy Hachem Charfi MENA Region 400,000+ users We have been VdoCipher customers for 8 years. VdoCipher's secure and smooth video playback has helped us to grow from 200 students to 400,000+ students and 450+ Teachers. VdoCipher has consistently improved and updated their product & integrations over time. TIME Education Platform Abhijeet Jagirdar India 100,000+ users TIME is a Leading Test prep institute with 100,000+ enrolled students. We required a scalable robust infrastructure with security from piracy. VdoCipher CDN + player was apt in meeting our security and stability needs. Their technology and support has helped us to execute our online strategy to perfection. Applied AI Course Platform Murali Krishna United Kingdom 40,000+ users We provide Data Science courses helping engineers get places in top Global companies. VdoCipher Piracy Blocker and DRM security were instrumental for rapid revenue growth. We reached over 40,000 student subscribers, leading to our acquisition by Scaler for $50 million. Care and Health Law Belinda Schwehr United Kingdom 500+ users I used VdoCipher’s secure video streaming service to protect my intellectual property in specialist legal framework webinars in the UK. I have had help whitelist videos for customer intranets and found that the customer service is efficient. The package gives me peace of mind. Vasani Academy Rajeev Vasani United Kingdom 500+ users Things like multiple CDN optimization, two-pass encoding, and DRM were difficult for us to handle on our own. Along with the best security we could get, VdoCipher ensured smooth delivery of our course videos to students across tier 2 and tier 3 cities in the country. Andrew Steven Founder at IMG Courses, USA IMG brings together Search Marketers of all levels to experiment, test and learn from one another’s successes and failures to ensure we’re always a step ahead. Besides pure SEO strategies and tactics, IMG also features “offbeat” courses with even more creative ways to earn more. Verra Oktavianti Founder BeautyBiz, Indonesia BeautyBiz Masterclass is the only course dedicated to beauty entrepreneurs to create a classy cosmetic brand that stands out in the midst of competition. Designed for beauty entrepreneurs, the knowledge and techniques are easy to implement both as solopreneurs and start up companies Elizane Pinheiro CEO and founder of UnivFilms, Brazil UnivFilms Promotions & Entertainment is a digital platform for the on-demand reproduction of cinematographic works and TV in streaming video, made by independent and recognized producers, students and new talents. Based out of Brazil, the platform offers short films, films, and series. Downloaders with 100 Million+ Installs Fail on VdoCipher! Try VdoCipher Security Easy Updates Get Started with a 30-Day Trial for FREE! Get full access to all our security features and start growing your business today. Get Started Increase Revenue Increase Revenue from Your Own Videos VdoCipher gives a boost to your revenue by preventing any illegal video download. Our customers see a jump in their revenue up to 81% in a year. Boost Revenue Secure Videos Secure Videos by Preventing illegal Video Downloads Our DRM based secure video delivery is unmatched and ensures that your content is protected from any illegal video download. We further strengthen our security with screen recording protection and Dynamic Watermarking. Secure Videos LMS Platforms Built for e-Learning, Media & LMS Platforms If you are an e-learning or media platform, look no further! VdoCipher’s online video security helps several such platforms scale their video streaming, secure their videos and deliver them smoothly to their users. Try Now Video Security Looking for Video Security beyond DRM VdoCipher not only provides DRM but also provides Piracy Tracker & Hacker Identification tech to counter advanced DRM hacking attempts. Blocked 57,000+ sessions & 290 users across 2000+ websites/apps in 6 months. Learn More FAQ What is video DRM? Video DRM stands for the encryption and licensing protocols maintained by the likes of Google and Apple to ensure piracy protection for videos playing on browsers, mobile apps and Smart TVs. What does free trial consist of? Every new account gets 5 GB of free bandwidth on sign up. You can upload upto 4 videos. The free trial expires in 30 days after which you need to subscribe to a plan to continue. No credit card required. Is there any limit on bandwidth and storage? All the plans have a validity of 1 year. Plan ends when bandwidth credit is consumed or 1 year whichever occurs earlier. There are no monthly limits. Having a large time period gives you the flexibility of usage. Is video download and screen capture prevented on all devices? Illegal downloads are stopped on all major browsers and apps. Whereas, screen capture is prevented in mobile apps and safari browsers. Dynamic watermarking is available on all major browsers and android apps. Our online video security ensures your content remains protected. How can I integrate VdoCipher with my site or app? You can click on the 'Embed' button below any video on the dashboard to check all methods to integrate in your site/app with protected video streaming. How to secure a video stream? With VdoCipher it is as simple as it gets, all you have to do is upload your video and embed it on your website. Our DRM encrypted, secure streaming along with Dynamic Watermarking ensures video streaming security with our secure online video platform. 81% Average increase in Revenue Surveyed Customers agreed owing to VdoCipher Read Our Case Study Sign Up & Get Started Now! * 30 Days Free | No Credit Card Required Start Free Trial! Explore Plans Popular Blogs How many use easy video download piracy tools ? Apple FairPlay DRM : Video Protection on iOS & Safari 12 Video Piracy Statistics, 6 Prevention Methods Elearning Video Protection from Piracy Content Creator Economy Growth and other Statistics Report Top 21 Education Apps In India For Online Learning How To Embed Videos in WordPress A Comprehensive Guide Live Streaming Platform For E-learning Media & Broadcast Explained in Simple Language, 32 Key DRM Encryption Terminologies Best Video Player for Android Comparison 2024 Recent Blogs Featured Blogs Online Video Player Video Encryption Video Protection Video Hosting Widevine DRM Fairplay DRM Video Quality Online Video Platform Video hosting for business Comparison VdoCipher vs Vimeo VdoCipher vs Dacast VdoCipher vs YouTube VdoCipher vs Zoom VdoCipher vs JW Player VdoCipher vs Dacast Live VdoCipher vs Brightcove Contact Us Phone : +91 7619171878 Whatsapp : +91 9599814730 E-mail : support@vdocipher.com Company Home Glossary Features About Us Pricing FAQs Contact Services Enterprise E-Learning Developer Healthcare Live Streaming Platform Video Analytics Media and Entertainment DRM and Antipiracy APIs for Developers Video Hosting Video API Video DRM Google DRM DRM License Server Custom Video Player Play Integrity Countries Served Secure Video Hosting in USA Secure Video Hosting in India Secure Video Player in Brazil Secure Video Streaming in UK Secure Video Streaming in Saudi Arabia Video Encryption in Spain Video Encryption in Italy Protected Video Streaming in Indonesia Encrypted Video Player in Canada Protected Video Streaming in Australia Encrypted Video Player in Germany Video DRM for Sri Lanka Video DRM for Middle East DRM Encryption for Europe DRM Encryption for Asia DRM Solutions for Japan DRM Solutions for UAE DRM Software for Chile DRM Software for Russia Copyright © 2025 VdoCipher. All rights reserved. Terms Privacy Policy