VeChain Official | Real-World Impact Blockchain Technology Learn Use Build Participate Get VeWorld Wallet Get VeWorld Wallet Learn Use Build Participate Get VeWorld Wallet 5M+ Active Users 350 Applications built Loading… WEEKLY Sustainable actions 2015 Founding year 5 Million 5M+ 5M+ Number of Users Number of Users Number of Users 350 350 350 Applications built Applications built Applications built Loading… Loading… Loading… REWARDED Sustainable actions WEEKLY Sustainable actions WEEKLY Sustainable actions 2015 2015 2015 Founding year Founding year Founding year Blockchain technology built for people their communities, and the planet Get VeWorld Wallet Buy VET Blockchain technology built for people their communities, and the planet Get VeWorld Wallet Buy VET Blockchain technology built for people their communities, and the planet Get VeWorld Wallet Buy VET Blockchain technology built for people their communities, and the planet Get VeWorld Wallet Buy VET Dana White joins the VeChain team Dana White joins the VeChain team Dana White joins the VeChain team “VeChain isn’t about empty promises - it’s about delivering real, tangible impact. This is the future of sustainability, and I’m here to take it to the next level .” “VeChain isn’t about empty promises - it’s about delivering real, tangible impact. This is the future of sustainability, and I’m here to take it to the next level .” “VeChain isn’t about empty promises - it’s about delivering real, tangible impact. This is the future of sustainability, and I’m here to take it to the next level .” “VeChain isn’t about empty promises - it’s about delivering real, tangible impact. This is the future of sustainability, and I’m here to take it to the next level .” Lastest News Lastest News View All Blogs Nov 24, 2025 • Partnerships • 3 min VeChain & Rekord Partner To Deliver Digital Product Passports For EU Market Blockchain solutions to meet requirements and unlock compliant tokenization. VeChain Official Dec 16, 2025 • Community • 3 min Michaël van de Poppe Joins VeChain's Validator Program VC Founder and one of the most influential voices in global crypto is bringing Investor-Grade Insights to Hayabusa. VeChain Official Dec 9, 2025 • Community • 3 min WendyO Joins the VeChain Validator Program The respected crypto educator has become one of the newest participants. VeChain Official Get started What is VET? VET is the token that secures and powers the VeChain network. Learn More Download VeChain Wallet VeWorld is VeChain’s super app to manage VET securely, connect with ecosystem apps, and much more Download Wallet Get VET VET is available on major exchanges and within the VeWorld wallet. Buy VET Get started What is VET? VET is the token that secures and powers the VeChain network. Learn More Download VeChain Wallet VeWorld is VeChain’s super app to manage VET securely, connect with ecosystem apps, and much more Download Wallet Get VET VET is available on major exchanges and within the VeWorld wallet. Buy VET Get started What is VET? VET is the token that secures and powers the VeChain network. Learn More Download VeChain Wallet VeWorld is VeChain’s super app to manage VET securely, connect with ecosystem apps, and much more Download Wallet Get VET VET is available on major exchanges and within the VeWorld wallet. Buy VET Get started What is VET? VET is the token that secures and powers the VeChain network. Learn More Download VeChain Wallet VeWorld is VeChain’s super app to manage VET securely, connect with ecosystem apps, and much more Download Wallet Get VET VET is available on major exchanges and within the VeWorld wallet. Buy VET Get started What is VET? VET is the token that secures and powers the VeChain network. Learn More Download VeChain Wallet VeWorld is VeChain’s super app to manage VET securely, connect with ecosystem apps, and much more Download Wallet Get VET VET is available on major exchanges and within the VeWorld wallet. Buy VET Inside the World of VeChain Inside the World of VeChain Stories, interviews, and insights from the people shaping VeChain’s future. News Founder & CEO Interview VeChain in Action News Founder & CEO Interview VeChain in Action News Founder & CEO Interview VeChain in Action Founder & CEO Interview News VeChain in Action Our products VeWorld VeWorld is the ‘Super App’ that helps users to interact with VeBetter apps and the VeChain ecosystem Get VeWorld Learn More VeBetter VeBetter is an ‘X to Earn’ app ecosystem that gamifies and rewards everyday habits that contribute to real world impact. Explore VeBetter Learn More StarGate StarGate is VeChain's next generation staking and rewards platform. Stake VET. Get your NFT. Earn VTHO. Start Staking Learn More Stargate Stake VET & Earn StarGate is VeChain’s next-generation staking platform, designed to transform how users participate in the VeChainThor network. Start Staking Learn More VeWorld VeWorld is the ‘Super App’ that helps users to interact with VeBetter apps and the VeChain ecosystem Get VeWorld Learn More VeBetter VeBetter is an ‘X to Earn’ app ecosystem that gamifies and rewards everyday habits that contribute to real world impact. Explore VeBetter Learn More StarGate StarGate is VeChain's next generation staking and rewards platform. Stake VET. Get your NFT. Earn VTHO. Start Staking Learn More Stargate Stake VET & Earn StarGate is VeChain’s next-generation staking platform, designed to transform how users participate in the VeChainThor network. Start Staking Learn More Ready to start making your impact? Get VeWorld Wallet Buy VET Ready to start making your impact? Get VeWorld Wallet Buy VET Ready to start making your impact? Get VeWorld Wallet Buy VET Ready to start making your impact? Get VeWorld Wallet Buy VET Ready to start making your impact? Get VeWorld Wallet Buy VET Build purposeful apps on VeChain Build purposeful apps on VeChain Builder Hub NEW NEW Everything you need to build in VeChain - resources, guides, grants and support for founders and devs all in one place. Start Building Watch and build Solidity Masterclass Lesson 1 Solidity Masterclass Lesson 1 Set up Hardhat and learn Solidity basics for smart contracts. Solidity Masterclass Lesson 2 Solidity Masterclass Lesson 2 Interfaces, inheritance, and OpenZeppelin in Solidity. Solidity Masterclass Lesson 3 Solidity Masterclass Lesson 3 Access control, token standards, and security essentials. View Lessons Read latest developments Apr 10, 2025 • Builders • 5 min Connecting the Hardhat smart contract backend with VeChain's React-based frontend templates A step by step guide so you can ship faster with fewer integration headaches. VeChain Official Jun 23, 2025 • Builders • 5 min How to Build an X2Earn dApp with VeBetter A guided path from idea to launch, with the tools, templates, and ecosystem support to help you ship faster on VeBetter. VeChain Official View All Watch and build Solidity Masterclass Lesson 1 Solidity Masterclass Lesson 1 Set up Hardhat and learn Solidity basics for smart contracts. Solidity Masterclass Lesson 2 Solidity Masterclass Lesson 2 Interfaces, inheritance, and OpenZeppelin in Solidity. Solidity Masterclass Lesson 3 Solidity Masterclass Lesson 3 Access control, token standards, and security essentials. View Lessons Read latest developments Apr 10, 2025 • Builders • 5 min Connecting the Hardhat smart contract backend with VeChain's React-based frontend templates A step by step guide so you can ship faster with fewer integration headaches. VeChain Official Jun 23, 2025 • Builders • 5 min How to Build an X2Earn dApp with VeBetter A guided path from idea to launch, with the tools, templates, and ecosystem support to help you ship faster on VeBetter. VeChain Official View All Watch and build Solidity Masterclass Lesson 1 Solidity Masterclass Lesson 1 Set up Hardhat and learn Solidity basics for smart contracts. Solidity Masterclass Lesson 2 Solidity Masterclass Lesson 2 Interfaces, inheritance, and OpenZeppelin in Solidity. Solidity Masterclass Lesson 3 Solidity Masterclass Lesson 3 Access control, token standards, and security essentials. View Lessons Read latest developments Apr 10, 2025 • Builders • 5 min Connecting the Hardhat smart contract backend with VeChain's React-based frontend templates A step by step guide so you can ship faster with fewer integration headaches. VeChain Official Jun 23, 2025 • Builders • 5 min How to Build an X2Earn dApp with VeBetter A guided path from idea to launch, with the tools, templates, and ecosystem support to help you ship faster on VeBetter. VeChain Official View All Watch and build Solidity Masterclass Lesson 1 Solidity Masterclass Lesson 1 Set up Hardhat and learn Solidity basics for smart contracts. Solidity Masterclass Lesson 2 Solidity Masterclass Lesson 2 Interfaces, inheritance, and OpenZeppelin in Solidity. Solidity Masterclass Lesson 3 Solidity Masterclass Lesson 3 Access control, token standards, and security essentials. View Lessons Read latest developments Apr 10, 2025 • Builders • 5 min Connecting the Hardhat smart contract backend with VeChain's React-based frontend templates A step by step guide so you can ship faster with fewer integration headaches. VeChain Official Jun 23, 2025 • Builders • 5 min How to Build an X2Earn dApp with VeBetter A guided path from idea to launch, with the tools, templates, and ecosystem support to help you ship faster on VeBetter. VeChain Official View All Watch and build Solidity Masterclass Lesson 1 Solidity Masterclass Lesson 1 Set up Hardhat and learn Solidity basics for smart contracts. Solidity Masterclass Lesson 2 Solidity Masterclass Lesson 2 Interfaces, inheritance, and OpenZeppelin in Solidity. Solidity Masterclass Lesson 3 Solidity Masterclass Lesson 3 In this third lesson of the Solidity Masterclass, we delve into access control, token standards, and security essentials. View Lessons Read latest developments Apr 10, 2025 • Builders • 5 min Connecting the Hardhat smart contract backend with VeChain's React-based frontend templates A step by step guide so you can ship faster with fewer integration headaches. VeChain Official Jun 23, 2025 • Builders • 5 min How to Build an X2Earn dApp with VeBetter A guided path from idea to launch, with the tools, templates, and ecosystem support to help you ship faster on VeBetter. VeChain Official View All Join the VeChain Community Learn Understand VeChain Our Blog Governance Get Started Our Products Get Started Guides Stake and Earn Vote Build Builder Hub Participate Validator Program Brand Assets Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Settings © 2025 VeChain. All rights reserved. Join the VeChain Community Learn Understand VeChain Our Blog Governance Get Started Our Products Get Started Guides Stake and Earn Vote Build Builder Hub Participate Validator Program Brand Assets Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Settings © 2025 VeChain. All rights reserved. Join the VeChain Community Learn Understand VeChain Our Blog Governance Get Started Our Products Get Started Guides Stake and Earn Vote Build Builder Hub Participate Validator Program Brand Assets Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Settings © 2025 VeChain. All rights reserved. Join the VeChain Community Learn Understand VeChain Our Blog Governance Get Started Our Products Get Started Guides Stake and Earn Vote Build Builder Hub Participate Validator Program Brand Assets Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Settings © 2025 VeChain. All rights reserved.