3D Design Software for BIM CAD & Modeling | Vectorworks Buildings Landscapes Entertainment All Products Support Sign In Cloud Services Community Forum Customer Portal Search Search One flexible 3D design software for your entire process. Sketch, model, present. The ultimate 3D software that handles projects from start to finish. MOVE YOUR MOST CREATIVE WORK FORWARD WITH VECTORWORKS 2026 — SEE WHAT’S NEW Sketch, draw, and model in a fully integrated BIM software Learn More The all-in-one landscape design and planning software. learn more Industry-leading lighting and stage design software. learn more 3D CAD software that lets you easily create and document any design you can imagine. learn more View All 3D modeling Products Vectorworks 2026 is here No drag. Just drive. Break free from routine and move your most creative work forward with Vectorworks 2026. What's new SUPPORTING YOU EVERY STEP OF THE WAY. When you choose Vectorworks 3D design software, you'll have all the resources you need for success. Explore Vectorworks University or choose from customizable training options like online essential seminars, regional classroom events, and onsite sessions. Get Support Getting Started Webinars Training Tech Support News + Noteworthy News and customer stories brought to you by the Vectorworks Community. view all news Stay in the know with the latest insights Subscribers receive news, customer stories, success and learning tips, event information, and other important announcements from Vectorworks. Email * Please enter a valid email address Subscribe By submitting this form, you agree that Vectorworks, Inc. and its authorized partners may contact you in regards to news, offers, and the use of our software, services, and platforms. Learn more about our privacy practices and your data on our privacy page .* Products Fundamentals Design Suite Architect Landmark Spotlight Vision Braceworks ConnectCAD Get Vectorworks What's New in Latest Version Service Select Software for Education Cloud Services Find a Distributor Community Open Bim Partner Network Customer Stories Events Vectorworks University Company Our Story Newsroom Leadership Public Roadmap Become a Distributor Careers Contact Us Privacy | Legal | Nemetschek Group © 2025 Vectorworks, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Vectorworks, Inc. is part of the Nemetschek Group.