Platform
Publishers
Advertisers
Resources
About
Careers
Contact
Login
Sign Up
MEET PROSPER - THE SMARTER WAY TO MONETIZE
Monetize smarter
with venatus

Global monetization for publishers. Worldwide impact for brands.


Monetize better
Advertise playfully

Trusted partner to the world’s leading players

PUBLISHER AD MANAGEMENT
One platform. Endless potential.

Great content takes effort. Monetizing it shouldn’t. That’s why we built Prosper - everything you need to earn more, all in one place.

Smarter demand

Knowledge is power. Drive better results with supercharged programmatic and premium direct demand.

Better ads

We’re all about quality over quantity. Quality advertisers, quality creative, maximum revenue.

Faster Support

Get the help you need, when you need it. Our expert teams will guide you all the way with industry-leading response times.

Stronger partnership

We're proud that many of our publishers have stuck with us for over 10 years. Long-term partnerships aren’t just our goal, they’re in our DNA.

Upgrade your monetization
PUBLISHER MONETIZATION
Easily integrate premium demand

Boost your ad revenue with Prosper - our purpose-built publisher platform that connects you with top SSPs and global brands through quality partnerships that actually deliver.

Premium direct campaigns
Unlocking Gaming Communities

Our latest research is loaded with insights to help publishers and advertisers get under the skin of gaming audiences.

Read full paper
ADVERTISING THROUGH GAMING MEDIA
Find your audiences, wherever they play

Easily connect with millions of gamers around the world - ready and waiting to engage with brands like yours.

Memorable experiences

Boost excitement and brand recall with in-game campaigns, shown to be up to 63% more memorable than standard ads.

Playful interactions

Make the most of gaming with around-the-game playable ads built by our award-winning team.

Engaged communities

Access exclusive away-from-the-game inventory to reach hyper-engaged gaming communities.

Global activations

Reach all corners of the map with highly targeted campaigns across a network of exclusive publishers.

Start your campaign
AWARDS
#humblebrag
We always top the leaderboard

We’re known in the industry for pushing boundaries and delivering results that matter for our partners.

Take a look for yourself

100+

Press Mentions

30+

Awards

Explore the Prosper platform

See what Prosper can do - book a demo and start building a smarter ad strategy with expert support tailored to you.

Request demo
900+ directly sold campaigns
every year for global brands

FMCG, automotive, you name it — there’s a place for all brands in gaming.

‍Read case studies

Brawl Time Ninja see 109% boost to video revenue with Venatus
How PokemonCoders multiplied revenue by 4x
Waffle nearly doubles their revenue
Loldle.net see big boost to RPM and CPM
FUTBIN win with Direct Demand
Burberry: Hero
Intel: Arc (KR)
BBC: CBBC Buzz App
Pokémon: Sword and Shield Expansion Pass
Sky: Four Kids and It
ASDA Rewards App Launch
Warner Bros: DC League of Super-Pets
Rubicon: Made of Different Stuff
Pokekalos
Home Office: #KnifeFree
Radox: Scent Touch
Universal Sony Pictures Home Entertainment: Venom - Let There Be Carnage
Universal: Halloween Kills
Kelloggs Coco Pops: Start the Magic
Public Health England: Every Mind Matters
Trusted to provide
great service


As Google Certified Publishing Partners and members of respected industry groups, you know your advertising is in safe hands.
‍
Learn more about GCPP

VENATUS REVIEWS
Hear from our global partners

We help publishers and brands all around the world maximize their ad performance.

Murlok.io has a unique setup but the process was smooth thanks to Venatus' responsive team. The ad formats have performed well, and their team has been responsive.

Founder

 | 

Murlok.io

I used to be with two other ad partners, but Prosper outperforms everything else I’ve tried.

- 

Jeiboy

Founder

 | 

PokemonCoders

Performance by Ad Source is very insightful to see how much of an impact the Venatus sales team has. There is nothing I don't like.

Founder

 | 

Zockify.com

"I really liked their recommendations on ad layout and their respect for the user experience on my site - I'm now sure that Venatus is the best monetisation partner in the gaming niche!”

- 

Timo

Founder

 | 

Brawl Time Ninja

In my first month with Venatus, I saw a 5000% revenue increase! I had previously only worked with Google AdSense, and a small try at another ad partner that wasn't conclusive at all.

Working with Venatus is a thrill! They check in to see if everything is fine on my side, providing good advice to make my business work.

- 

AnthorNet

Founder

 | 

SCIM & EDSM

I was running Google AdSense, but switched to Venatus because my website has a gaming audience.

‍

Thanks to Venatus' wide variety of available ad formats, I've expanded my inventory and I'm now earning 4x more than before.

- 

Sergiu Sandru

Founder

 | 

FIFA Infinity

Venatus is one of the few gems out there for publishers who want a real bump to their earnings. My revenue has grown 4x compared to my previous ad partner.

- 

Jeiboy

Founder & Chief Content Strategist

 | 

PokemonCoders

Venatus maximizes revenue generation across Waffle while being flexible in ad format strategies and solutions. This is just the start of a very successful partnership!

- 

James Robinson

Founder

 | 

Waffle

We used to work with two other ad partners. We decided to switch due to very poor communication and overall revenue. Venatus is truly a great team. Very responsive, understanding, and always available to help.

- 

Benjamin Widawski

Founder

 | 

LoLdle

Through monetization of two of our leading web properties, Futbin and HLTV, Venatus has proven to be a key commercial partner year over year. Venatus has delivered highly effective advertising revenue streams while balancing the needs of our users.

- 

Henrik Lykkesteen

Better Collective

The Venatus team were incredible to work with from start to post campaign. They had ensured that the brief was met and helped set up the campaign with ease. Overall, our results exceeded planned KPIs and we are looking forward to continuing to work with Venatus for future campaigns.

- 

Anny Phan

Business Manager

 | 

HAVAS

The guys at Venatus helped us with a fantastic campaign promoting our Pokémon DLC across key gaming environments for our ever-important younger audience. Great to see such strong engagement.

- 

Calum Brennan

Product Manager

 | 

Nintendo

Venatus were a great partner to work with. They brought specialists along to our client meetings from the outset which allowed us to refine the concept of the game quickly and then work through the technical build in good time ahead of release.

Mediacom

Venatus was a great alignment with our film DC League Of Super-Pets, allowing us to find a hard to reach younger audience in an engaging way.  The bespoke creative build over-delivered in all metrics, and we’re very impressed with the results which helped contribute towards delivering a strong box-office result in our market.

- 

Cory Hooker

Media and Promotions Manager

 | 

Universal Pictures NZ

Venatus is one of the few gems out there for publishers who want a real bump to their earnings. Venatus helped me make as much from my website traffic, which has seen my revenue grow 4x compared to revenue with my previous ad platform.

- 

Jeiboy Amahan

Web Publisher

 | 

Pokemon Coders

It was a seamless experience working with Venatus from start to finish. From creative to ad-ops, they helped us deliver a brilliant rich media display campaign that performed well over the industries benchmark.

- 

Sam Wallis

Account Director

 | 

the7stars

Venatus has completely changed my life, allowing me to make my passion my main job. I've been working with Venatus for a while now, the results are really good and the team is always available for any question/help.

‍

I've no choice than recommending to join them.

- 

Ben Abdallah

CEO

 | 

Pokekalos

Venatus was a perfect alignment for the Venom: Let there be Carnage Home Entertainment release. Their bespoke creative turned our media into a battlefield encouraging users to take part in a comic combat and decide on their favourite anti-hero Venom vs Carnage!

Universal Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

We are delighted to announce the expansion of our relationship with Venatus to drive engagement across some of our fast-growing websites.

- 

John Clarke

CEO

 | 

Gfinity

I’m happy to extend our partnership with Venatus as we have developed a great relationship over the years. Both of us are on a growth journey and we work hard together to deliver a great advertising experience for the many brands that are looking to reach the growing gaming communities across the world.

- 

Björn Mannerqvist

CEO 

| 

MOBA Network

This Venatus sponsorship has allowed Coco Pops to engage with kids of today in the digital space, a first for this brand that traditionally only advertised through kids TV.

- 

Brona Reddy

European Marketing Manager

 | 

Kellogg's

We really enjoyed working with Venatus throughout this great campaign. We were able to connect to the target audience at scale through Venatus's diverse mobile gaming portfolio and deliver a video campaign that far exceeded the benchmarks and expectations set out. We would love to work with them again.

- 

Demos Flouri

Digital Account Director

 | 

MG OMD

THE BLOG
Latest news and resources
RESOURCES
Venatus Becomes a Prebid Partner, Advancing Transparent Monetization

Venatus, the global advertising growth platform specializing in gaming and entertainment, is proud to announce its membership in the Prebid.org community.

ADVERTISING
ADTECH
What the IAB Gaming Measurement Framework Means for Brands and Advertisers

The IAB Gaming Measurement Framework gives advertisers what they've been asking for, consistent, reliable ways to track campaign success across gaming environments.

EVENTS
ADVERTISING
ADTECH
GDC 2025: Venatus' 4 Takeaways

Our highlights from a jam-packed week 🎮

Discover more
Contact us

Quickly find the solutions you need to grow your business.

FIRST NAME*
LAST NAME*
E-MAIL*
COMPANY / BRAND NAME*
REGION*
The region I am from is...
USA
EMEA
Australia & Asia
South Korea
HOW DID YOU HEAR ABOUT VENATUS?*
HOW CAN WE HELP YOU?*
Please Select
I'm a Publisher
I'm a Brand/Advertiser
VENATUS PLATFORM
Explore Prosper
Tech
Direct Sales
Header-Bidding
Video Formats
High-Impact Formats
High-Performance Formats
AdBlock Recovery
PMP
Benefits
Consent Management
Ad Mediation
FOR PUBLISHERS
Publisher Type
Website Monetization
App Monetization
Browser Game Monetization
FOR ADVERTISERS
Ad Placements
In the Game
Around the Game
Away from the Game
Audiences
Core Gaming
Casual Gaming
Kids Gaming
RESOURCES
Case Studies
Blog
Press Releases
Knowledge Base
ABOUT
Story & Values
DE&I
ESG
Venatus Brands
CAREERS
Job Openings
CONTACT
For Publishers
For Advertisers
General Contact
Brand Safety
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Choices
BLS Privacy Policy
Modern Slavery
Proud members of
Copyright © 2025 Venatus Media Limited