Vend is now Lightspeed - Lightspeed Business types Retail Apparel Bike CBD Electronics Garden Gift store Health and Beauty Home decor Jewelry Liquor Multi-store Pet Sporting goods Toy Vape Restaurant Bar Brewery Cafe Fine Dining Full service Hotel Quick service Golf Multi-Course Municipal Private Resorts Products Retail Point of Sale Payments eCommerce Wholesale New Inventory Management Advanced Marketing Lightspeed Insights AI Showroom New Scanner Hardware Integrations API Workflows Service Orders Capital Workforce & Payroll New Pricing Restaurant Point of Sale Order Anywhere Advanced Insights Inventory Lightspeed Tableside Payments Accounting Kitchen Display System New Customer Facing Display Lightspeed Pulse New Tasks New Tempo Beta Hardware Integrations Capital Benchmarks & Trends New Workforce & Payroll New Pricing Golf Tee Sheet Point of Sale Sales & Marketing Reporting & Intelligence Website & App Payments Hardware Integrations Capital New Pricing Partners Partner Program Become a partner NuORDER by Lightspeed Toolkit Resources Blog Free Retail Tools Free Restaurant Tools Free Golf Tools Customers Events and Webinars About Help Login More About Help Blog Free Retail Tools Free Restaurant Tools Free Golf Tools Customers Events and Webinars 866-932-1801 Free trial Business types Retail Apparel Bike CBD Electronics Garden Gift store Health and Beauty Home decor Jewelry Liquor Multi-store Pet Sporting goods Toy Vape Restaurant Bar Brewery Cafe Fine Dining Full service Hotel Quick service Golf Multi-Course Municipal Private Resorts Products Retail Point of Sale Payments eCommerce Wholesale New Inventory Management Advanced Marketing Lightspeed Insights AI Showroom New Scanner Hardware Integrations API Workflows Service Orders Capital Workforce & Payroll New Pricing Restaurant Point of Sale Order Anywhere Advanced Insights Inventory Lightspeed Tableside Payments Accounting Kitchen Display System New Customer Facing Display Lightspeed Pulse New Tasks New Tempo Beta Hardware Integrations Capital Benchmarks & Trends New Workforce & Payroll New Pricing Golf Tee Sheet Point of Sale Sales & Marketing Reporting & Intelligence Website & App Payments Hardware Integrations Capital New Pricing Partners Partner Program Become a partner NuORDER by Lightspeed Toolkit Call us Blog Free Retail Tools Free Restaurant Tools Free Golf Tools Customers Events and Webinars About Help Careers Login US(EN) US(EN) UK(EN) CA(EN) AU(EN) CA(FR) NL(NL) BE(NL) BE(FR) DE(DE) MX(ES) FR(FR) CH(FR) CH(DE) NO(NO) Vend is now Lightspeed Vend is now part of the Lightspeed family, which means the POS system loved by tens of thousands of the world’s best businesses now has even more resources to help retailers innovate and grow. Watch a demo Talk to an expert Are you a current Vend customer? The retail management platform you know and love will continue to improve, faster than ever before. As part of the Lightspeed family, you'll benefit from having a one-stop commerce platform that gives you the innovative tools you need to improve efficiency, increase visibility and grow revenue in today's fast-moving retail environment. X-Series login X-Series support Looking for a POS and retail management platform? Vend—now Lightspeed Retail (X-Series)—supports retailers to streamline operations, delight customers and grow their business across all channels. Whether you're looking to sell in-store, online and everywhere in between, Lightspeed gives you the tools you need to scale. Talk to an expert Simplify & scale with Lightspeed With Vend now a part of Lightspeed, our resources and offerings have significantly expanded. Below are some of the high-level benefits. Unify your offering Unite physical stores with online channels for a seamless customer experience. Increase visibility Access real-time insights into your sales, product and team performance. 24/7 support Get dedicated support from retail experts who understand your business. Unified POS & Payments. Lightspeed (ex Vend) offers a unified platform with Payments seamlessly embedded into your POS. This automates your payment process, leading to: Fewer errors and speedier check-outs with no more manual key-ins Easy access to batch reports & settlements directly from your POS Top-notch security with PCI compliance, plus end-to-end encryption for all transactions Watch a demo One platform to manage multiple locations. Oversee inventory, sales, and customer information across all of your sales channels and retail outlets, no matter where you are. Log in to your backend and watch your overall sales, or deep dive into a specific outlet, best-selling products or employee performance. Watch a demo Inventory Management with accuracy. Enjoy the same inventory tracking software from Vend, now on Lightspeed. Prevent running out or overstocking, while keeping an eye on multiple locations and channels. Track levels & SKUs, product variants and unique serial numbers across all your channels Order stock directly from our POS with built-in purchase orders Have full control over products & pricing – optimise floor sales, manage discounts & promotions and set up seasonal promotions in advance Try it free Marketing & Loyalty to grow your reach. Use Lightspeed Marketing & Loyalty by Marsello, to acquire customers, cultivate stronger relationships, and keep them coming back. Launch a loyalty program that rewards shoppers both in-store and online Keep in touch and stay top of mind using robust email marketing tools Launch SMS campaigns and enjoy the high open and click rates of text messages Create smart customer segments using behavioral data Talk to an expert The world’s best businesses use Lightspeed eCommerce to take your business online. You can also leverage Lightspeed eCom with Vend, now Lightspeed Retail. Engage your customers where they prefer to shop – social selling to online marketplaces. Integrate shipping to track orders every step of the way – from dispatch to delivery Market your business across channels – integrate social channels, boost SEO and share email notifications Grow from local to global – make your online store available in up to 14 languages and offer multiple currencies Watch a demo Open API to customize your workflows Customize your business like never before. Use Lightspeed’s (ex Vend) powerful retail API that extends your POS platform’s capabilities. Build custom reports & checkout workflows, connect all your channels, integrate to enterprise ERP and accounting, and much more. Talk to an expert Lightspeed Capital for business funding Lightspeed Capital is a merchant cash advance program. With Vend now a part of Lightspeed, you can also have quicker and easier access to business funding to grow your business, maintain cash flow and finance new projects. Access funding without personal credit checks with no impact on your score Benefit from a flat-fee payment structure – no hidden costs or fluctuating interest Receive cash advance in as little as two business days , deposited straight into your bank account Talk to an expert Integrate with leading retail applications. Enhance Lightspeed's capabilities further by seamlessly integrating with top-tier accounting software, ERP systems, marketing tools, and other essential platforms. Talk to an expert Considering the switch to Lightspeed? Make the transition to Lightspeed (ex Vend) effortlessly. Our dedicated industry experts will guide you through every step, from payments setup to data & hardware migration. Around-the-clock support One-on-one onboarding sessions Affordable & durable hardware to set up your venue Dedicated Account Manager to directly address all your queries Talk to an expert See if Lightspeed is right for you. Set up your free account and see how Lightspeed can help you manage sales, inventory, customers, suppliers, payments and reporting in real-time. Free trial FAQs Are Vend and Lightspeed the same company? Yes, Vend is now part of the Lightspeed family. Our passion and commitment to retailers remains the same, and we’ll continue to grow our platform of solutions; including point of sale, inventory, reporting, and other features to help you manage your business. Who do I contact for support? You can rely on Lightspeed's support team 24/7. As a Lightspeed customer, you also have access to videos and training materials to help you get the most out of the solution. There's also the X-Series Help Center, which contains thousands of guides on how to use Lightspeed Retail. POS system iPad POS system Cloud POS system POS cash register What is a POS system What is a commerce platform Retail POS system Features Pricing POS hardware eCommerce software Omnichannel retail Inventory management system B2B catalogs Restaurant POS system Features Pricing POS hardware Order anywhere Multi-location restaurant POS Golf course management software Golf POS Tee sheet management software Golf booking & scheduling software Self check-in kiosk Golf website design templates Golf pro shop management software Private golf course management software Resources Blog Free retail tools Free restaurant tools Customers Help center Events Webinars Partners Integrations Supplier network Find an expert Become a partner Toolkit Company Newsroom Reviews Contact us Careers Investor relations Sustainability Legal Trust Center Latest resources ON DEMAND WEBINAR | Wholesale that works: How to safeguard margins in a shifting economy Lightspeed® 2025 US(EN) US(EN) UK(EN) CA(EN) AU(EN) CA(FR) NL(NL) BE(NL) BE(FR) DE(DE) MX(ES) FR(FR) CH(FR) CH(DE) NO(NO) Privacy policy CookieSettings Our website uses cookies as further described in our cookie statement . By using our website you accept the use of cookies. OK