Luxury Hotel in Las Vegas | The Venetian Resort Las Vegas Skip to main content Menu Offers Search Account Account Sign In {{ loginStatus.firstName }} {{ loginStatus.lastName }} Venetian Rewards ID {{ loginStatus.patronId }} Tier {{ loginStatus.loyaltyTier }} Venetian Rewards Points {{ loginStatus.formattedNumberOfPoints }} Account Information Sign Out Select Dates Loading Loading Check Rates {{ loginStatus.firstName }} {{ loginStatus.lastName }} Venetian Rewards ID {{ loginStatus.patronId }} Tier {{ loginStatus.loyaltyTier }} Venetian Rewards Points {{ loginStatus.formattedNumberOfPoints }} Hotel Hotels The Venetian The Palazzo Suites Guest Information Mobile Check-In Offers Resort Resort Gondola Rides Prestige Club Lounge Shopping Grand Canal Shoppes Resort Shops Attractions Things To Do Gondola Rides Art & Architecture Madame Tussauds Celebrations Celebrations Weddings Hospitality Suites Floral Shop Hotel Resources Concierge Services Maps & Parking Rideshare Dining Restaurants All Restaurants Categories Coffee Breakfast Brunch Lunch Happy Hour Dinner Desserts Late-Night Fine Dining Patio Dining Quick Bites Takeout Celebrity Chefs Nightlife & Bars Group Dining Entertainment Shows Event Calendar Sphere at The Venetian The Wizard of Oz at Sphere Hotel Packages Shin Lim Voltaire Voltaire Leona Lewis Nick Carter Of The Backstreet Boys After Party The Palazzo Theatre Presents Gondola Rides New Year's Eve Pools & Spa Pools Canyon Ranch Spa & Fitness Casino Casino Responsible Gaming Casino Credit Application Table Games Table Games Electronic Table Games Table Games Basic Rules Slots The Palazzo High-Limit Lounge High-Limit Slots Poker Yahoo Sportsbook Venetian Rewards Sign In About Venetian Rewards Benefits Earn & Redeem Points FAQs Meetings Venetian Meetings Event Guides & Resources Convention Center Renovation Planning Spaces All Spaces Ballrooms Expo Halls Unique Spaces Meeting Rooms Virtual Planner Services All Services Culinary Technical Floral Safety & Accessibility Business Service Centers Branding Opportunities Group Dining Exhibiting Meet Our Team FAQs OFFERS VENETIAN REWARDS - SIGN IN Viva Las Venice Discover where the warmth of Venice meets the thrill of Vegas. Learn More Up to 25% Off The Best Suite Rates For A Limited Time Book Now Learn More Shin Lim at The Palazzo Theatre With Special Guest Peter Antoniou Learn More Leona Lewis The Las Vegas Christmas Residency Learn More Home Enter a world made in the image of Italian-inspired grandeur, where possibility waits around every corner. You're invited to explore dynamic experiences in opulent surroundings, from lavish suites and electrifying casinos to world-class restaurants and entertainment . Here's to la bella vita. Skip Suites Dining Shows Casino Resort Swipe All Suites. All Luxury. Unwind in the largest standard rooms on the Strip, with sunken living rooms and plush details. View Suites Worth the Trip Discover celebrity chefs, iconic eateries, and new favorites—right here at The Venetian Resort. Explore Dining The Show Starts Here See chart-topping artists, big-name comedians, and once-in-a-lifetime shows without leaving the resort. See Shows All In, All Night Hit the tables, try your luck at the slots, or step into the high-limit luxury at The Palazzo. Explore Casino Luxury, Redefined A world-class resort where iconic design, curated experiences, and indulgent moments come together. Learn More Skip Dining Shows Gondola Casino Resort Swipe Flavors Worth the Trip Discover celebrity chefs, iconic eateries, and new favorites—right here at The Venetian Resort. Explore Dining The Show Starts Here See chart-topping artists, big-name comedians, and once-in-a-lifetime shows without leaving the resort. See Shows Venice in the Heart of Vegas Glide beneath bridges and balconies in an authentic gondola ride—only at The Venetian Resort. Plan Your Ride All In, All Night Hit the tables, try your luck at the slots, or step into the high-limit luxury at The Palazzo. Explore Casino Luxury, Redefined A world-class resort where iconic design, curated experiences, and indulgent moments come together. Learn More A riveting adventure full of life or an indulgent journey to the heart of luxury? Discover two ways to surpass your expectations. View Hotels The Venetian The Palazzo The Venetian The Palazzo Where Luxury Excites The Senses The Venetian Hotel is our reimagining of a bustling Italian piazza. An extravagant and spirited escape from the every day, guests will experience the electric rhythm of life by surrounding themselves with stunning frescos and sculptures, authentic gondolas, a lively casino, and more food, drink, and entertainment than we could fit in this paragraph. Book Your Stay Explore The Venetian Back The Venetian Where Luxury Comes To Play The Palazzo Hotel is our palace of Italian indulgence, a destination within a destination. This is where elegance resides and time slows down so life’s pleasures can be fully appreciated. Tucked away from prying eyes, the most discerning of guests can let loose, trade ritual for spontaneity, and marvel at everything while worrying about nothing. Book Your Stay Explore The Palazzo Back The Palazzo The Venetian The Palazzo L as Vegas Vacation Deals & Packages View All Awards & Recognition Best of Las Vegas Best Strip Hotel in Las Vegas Best Hotel View in Las Vegas Best Hotel Lobby in Las Vegas Travel + Leisure Top 10 Favorite Hotels in Las Vegas of 2025 US News & World Report Top 10 Best Las Vegas Hotels World Travel Awards Nevada's Leading Business Hotel USA Today Top 10 Best Casino Hotels in Las Vegas Venetian Rewards Make your stay shine by earning on everything from gaming and dining to entertainment and spa experiences. Join Today Learn More Meetings Made Magnificent Productivity meets the excitement of The Strip with luxurious suites, exquisite dining, and over-the-top entertainment. Plan Your Meeting Make an Inquiry The Standard for Las Vegas Entertainment View All Events Ready to Stay? Choose between the electric energy of The Venetian or the extravagance of The Palazzo and reserve your stay today. Make a Reservation Venetian Rewards Discover a whole new way to earn. Enrich your stay and earn Rewards Points as you play, dine, shop, and more. Sign-Up Today Reservations: 866.659.9643 Concierge: 866.725.2990 FAQs Contact Us Careers About Us Manage Reservation Mobile Check-In Copyright © 2025 The Venetian Resort Las Vegas | Privacy Notice | California: Privacy |