100% Australian Owned and Operated
Support Centre
13 24 85
Pay an Invoice
Download App
NEW
LOGIN
Domains
Hosting
Email & Apps
SSL Certificates
Website Builder
NEW
TRANSFER NOW
Join Australia's #1
Digital Service Provider*
Get online with Australia’s most trusted digital service provider, supported by an award-winning team of local experts.

*As rated by Australians on ProductReview.com.au.
SEARCH
was $22.95/yr
$9
.95
/yr*
was $22.95/yr
$9
.95
/yr*
was $61.75/yr
$4
.50
/yr*
was $98.00/yr
$4
.50
/yr*
was $29.75/yr
$3
.95
/yr*
Build a FREE

Website in Minutes
START BUILDING
Learn More
Domain Names

Register a Domain Name that represents your business.

Web Hosting

Options for all business websites, online stores and e-commerce.

Email & Apps

Professional Custom email options with apps that you know and love.

SSL Certificates

Secure options to help protect your website and it’s visitors.

4.8/5
Based on 273 Reviews
4.9/5
Based on 2338 Reviews
4.9/5
Based on 1440 Reviews
Offering Expert Support for Beginners & Website Professionals
Whether you are diving into your first website build or have a long history of experience in the industry, everyone with an online presence needs expert support to thrive. Explore VentraIP's tailored solutions to help you meet your online goals. With our award-winning team of Australian professionals, you can elevate your digital presence and reach new levels of success.
Starting From Scratch

Get online today with the help of our team of local Australian specialists. With instant activation, you can get started in just minutes!

GET ONLINE TODAY
Transfer an Existing Website

Work with the high-performance and award-winning local support that your website deserves. Transfer your hosting today.

TRANSFER MY WEBSITE
For the Website Professional

Design your own custom cPanel hosting plan on hardware that’s fast, secure and reliable with Australia’s most trusted hosting provider.

ADVANCED HOSTING SOLUTIONS
Trusted by Over 300,000 Australians
We are one of Australia’s most loved online solutions providers.
3,000+ 5-Star Reviews
In over 15 years using many different hosting services, VentraIP is by far the best that I have ever used, and I now recommend all of my clients use them. The prices are great, the services just work almost flawlessly, and on the rare occasion that there are any problems the customer service is exceptional with support staff that really know what they are doing.
Aaron
We had been with a service provider, which was then acquired by the worst hosting provider in the universe ( crazy domains / vodien / dreapscapes etc) Anyway, Ventra IP has helped us to move all our services over, customer service us local Australian, support is fantastic, the service is outstanding. I would like to highlight the control panel, and the order process, which is absolutely brilliant, I have never actually seen anything near as good as their system. 10/10
Attila
It’s not owned by Melbourne IT. They actually try and retain customers. I’ve referred them to so many clients over the years thanks to their lack of hidden fees. They are just nice and reasonable and I trust them enough to give them my review
James L.
Impressed with the level of customer service from these guys. Having previously always dealt with the likes of Melbourne IT etc I was used to mediocre to poor customer service (and value for money). Someone recommended these guys to me and the best thing I ever did. Issues are dealt with quickly and efficiently.
Jon Hughes
I was with Webcentral from 8th Oct till I cancelled on 30th, they couldn't get my subdomain to work. I signed up with VentraIP on 1st Nov, they did a free migration of my sites, and guess what, both main and subdomain were up yesterday 2nd Nov. Sorry I didn't know about you sooner - but will make sure others do.
Judy MacKenzie
I had to urgently migrate from Go Daddy after only 8 days because their server went down for almost a week, they lost all incoming webmail during that time, plus 2 email accounts disappeared into oblivion. Once the server was back up I was still unable send or receive email and they couldn't figure out why. I quickly went online and found VentraIP. I was migrated, up and running within 1.5hrs! Thanks so much Ventra.
Marie-Claire M.
I have a Web development business and I have dealt with over 6 Melbourne based hosting services. I have to say the support and the service Ventra ip offer is the best out of all. I moved away from all the other companies and started hosting with Ventra IP and been a customer for 4.5 years with no issues at all. How amazing is that, just no issues at all. Keep it up guys! Specially the support desk guys! Thanks
Udi Uragoda
I've been with GoDaddy for over 10 years, and while I'm not saying GoDaddy are bad - I gotta say VentraIP are absolutely fantastic. They're responsive, helpful, accommodating and very affordable. Little things like included SSL and the speed of their basic hosting plan (other providers tend to make their 'basic' plans unusable due to low speeds) - I can't recommend them enough. Highly recommend and will likely be migrating 20+ clients over to their service.
S. Walsh
Best prices and best customer services, keep it good work. Don’t be like Crazy Domains
Rakesh Prajapati
I was with Crazy Domains before I found VentraIP. Crazy Domains hooks you in with cheap offers but then every little thing costs extra. So happy to be with a new provider that provides great service and transparent with their pricing.
PinBob
I got stuffed around by the two other big companies. especially Godaddy with their very misleading prices, which always became higher when you actually go and check out. Glad to see that they have some nonsense competition. Please do not change your business format.
Paul
Was let down by previous registrar after almost 2 decades as a client. Moved everything over to VentraIP, a seamless task made very easy, no interruptions to services and I like their clean simple management interface. Extremely satisfied with the outcome.
Marko
Everything You Need to Succeed Online
Unlock your online success with VentraIP's online solutions, including premium website name selection, reliable web hosting options, and personalised email addresses, all backed by our 100% Australian support team.
Get a Powerful Website Name
Rely on VentraIP, Australia's largest independent registrar, and discover the perfect domain with hundreds of extensions at your disposal. Boasting over a million registered domain names, our trusted and reliable service caters for individuals, small businesses, and large enterprises. Your website name is your online identity — make it engaging and unforgettable.
EXPLORE DOMAIN NAMES
Australia’s Fastest Web Hosting Solutions
With our reliable and affordable hosting, getting your website online with VentralP has never been easier. Our state-of-the-art infrastructure ensures fast and seamless website performance, allowing you to effortlessly reach your audience. Experience the ease and reliability of a 100% Australian-owned and operated company and get your website online today.
EXPLORE WEB HOSTING
Create a Professional Email Address
Need a custom email solution for your business? At VentraIP, we have some great, cost-effective and professional email options available that utilise your domain name and build trust with your online visitors and customers. Our email solutions offer many fantastic applications to improve your business productivity.
EXPLORE EMAIL & APPS
Protect Your Website and Its Visitors
SSL certificates are essential for website security. They not only encrypt online data, ensuring that sensitive information like login credentials, credit card details, and personal data remain protected during transmission, but they also authenticate your website’s identity. With this critical verification stage, SSL certificates offer visitors the confidence that they are interacting with a legitimate and trustworthy brand.
EXPLORE SECURITY
We Are Here to Help You
Get in touch with one of our local experts at any time.
Call 13 24 85
Need to get in touch? Contact us here.
Pay Invoice
Click here to securely pay your invoice today.
Support Centre
Check out our support centre for some helpful tips and tricks.
Sales
Our local sales team can be contacted 24/7.
Products
Domain Names
Web Hosting
Email & Apps
SSL Certificates
Website Builder
Fully Managed VPS
Self Managed VPS
Support
Support Centre
Recovery
Feedback
Service Status
Resources
VIPcontrol
Pay an Invoice
WHOIS Lookup
VIPcontrol App
VIPrewards
Company
About Us
Blog
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Partners
Affiliate Program
Refer a Friend
LIVE CHAT
13 24 85
CONTACT US
Follow us
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Twitter
How do we compare?
See how we go up against our biggest competitors
GoDaddy
Crazy Domains
Melbourne IT
Webcentral
A
Company
© VentraIP 2025