Smart Sports Tracking Camera: Record, Stream & Analyse | Veo Products Record Veo Cam 3 Turn your matches into broadcast-quality recordings from start to finish using the latest sports tech. Veo Go New Record every match – now with just iPhones. Our software does the rest. Tripods & accessories Complete your setup with a tripod and other essential accessories. Analyze Veo Editor Analyse the action, create highlights, and share them with your team. Veo Analytics add-on Take your post-match analysis to the next level with AI-powered tools. Veo Player Spotlight Add-on Track players individually and empower them with match insights. Share Player Profile Build your profile and showcase your skills to get noticed. Veo Live Add-on Livestream your matches to any platform and connect with your audience in real time. Veo League Exchange Add-on Share match recordings across teams in your league. Products Record Veo Cam 3 Turn your matches into broadcast-quality recordings from start to finish using the latest sports tech. Veo Go New Record every match – now with just iPhones. Our software does the rest. Tripods & accessories Complete your setup with a tripod and other essential accessories. Analyze Veo Editor Analyze the action, create highlights, and share them with your team. Share Player Profile Build your profile and share your best moments. Veo Live Add-on Livestream your matches to any platform for everyone to watch. League Exchange Add-on Share match recordings across teams in your league. Products Record Veo Cam 3 Turn your matches into broadcast-quality recordings from start to finish using the latest sports tech. Veo Go New Record every match – now with just iPhones. Our software does the rest. Tripods & accessories Complete your setup with a tripod and other essential accessories. Analyze Veo Editor Analyze the action, create highlights, and share them with your team. Share Player Profile Build your profile and share your best moments. Veo Live Add-on Livestream your matches to any platform for everyone to watch. League Exchange Add-on Share match recordings across teams in your league. Products Record Veo Cam 3 Turn your matches into broadcast-quality recordings from start to finish using the latest sports tech. Veo Go New Record every match – now with just iPhones. Our software does the rest. Tripods & accessories Complete your setup with a tripod and other essential accessories. Analyze Veo Editor Analyze the action, create highlights, and share them with your team. Share Player Profile Build your profile and share your best moments. Veo Live Add-on Livestream your matches to any platform for everyone to watch. League Exchange Add-on Share match recordings across teams in your league. Sports & Users Sports Football Rugby Lacrosse Basketball Hockey Other sports Users Clubs Larger organisations and leagues Parents Universities and schools Explore Resources Blog E-books Webinars Customer Case Studies Submit your #veomoment Highlights Magazine Why Veo? Footage library Blog "Football is not just about sport, it's about nationalities. It's about identities." Customer Case Studies Lewes FC – Fan owned and people-powered E-book How to analyze football Pricing Login Support Support Visit our help center Submit a request Book a support call Book an onboarding call Corporate info Corporate info About Us Careers Hiring Manifesto Press Inquiries Branding Guidelines Partners Support Partnerships Ambassador Program Refer a friend Become a reseller Become a partner Book a call Change language Select language English (United Kingdom) English (US) Español Italiano 日本語 Français Deutsch Polski Book a call Back Welcome Choose your language to see content and offers specific to your region. English United Kingdom Stay here English (United Kingdom) English (US) Español Italiano 日本語 Français Deutsch Polski Record, analyse, and livestream every match Record, analyse, and livestream every basketball match Record, analyse, and livestream every lacrosse match Record, analyse, and livestream every rugby match Buy now Book a call Veo is the ultimate solution for coaches, players, and teams at every level. Veo is the ultimate solution for coaches, players, and teams at every level. Veo is the ultimate solution for coaches, players, and teams at every level. Veo is the ultimate solution for coaches, players, and teams at every level. Capture, analyse, and share the action in three simple steps 0 1 01 Record and livestream every match, home and away. 02 Instantly relive the match and break down every key play. 03 Share and celebrate your winning moments. Record every match Whether you’re aiming for the top or just playing for fun, Veo has a solution for you. VEO CAM 3 The all-in-one camera for the full match experience Veo Cam 3 combines powerful hardware and built-in AI to record broadcast-quality video, follow the action, and livestream your matches. From practice sessions to big leagues, it’s the all-in-one recording solution — with tools to help you analyse and elevate your game. Subscription from {PRICE} / month One-time camera purchase from {PRICE} Explore Veo Cam 3 Buy now VEO GO Powered by the iPhones you already have Automatically record your matches using just three iPhones you already own – two to record, one to control. Veo Go turns the devices in your pockets into a smart, portable recording kit. Whether it’s everyday matches or big moments, Veo Go lets you relive the action and share it with ease. Subscription from {PRICE} / month One-time phone rig purchase of {PRICE} Explore Veo Go Buy now Veo Editor Relive the action instantly Once the final whistle blows, the magic begins. AI gets to work tagging every key moment – goals, shots, and everything in between – before the match is automatically uploaded to the Veo Editor. In no time, coaches and teams can dive in to analyse the action, watch highlights, tag players, and share feedback. Explore Veo Editor Buy now Veo Editor Relive the action instantly Once the final whistle blows, the magic begins. AI gets to work tagging every key moment – scrums, tries, and everything in between – before the match is automatically uploaded to the Veo Editor. In no time, coaches and teams can dive in to analyse the action, watch highlights, tag players, and share feedback. Explore Veo Editor Buy now Veo Editor Relive the action instantly Once the final whistle blows, the magic begins. AI gets to work tagging every key moment – goals, faceoffs, and everything in between – before the match is automatically uploaded to the Veo Editor. In no time, coaches and teams can dive in to analyse the action, watch highlights, tag players, and share feedback. Explore Veo Editor Buy now Veo Editor Relive the action instantly Once the final whistle blows, the match is automatically uploaded to the Veo Editor and the magic begins. In no time, coaches and teams can dive in to analyse the action, watch highlights, tag players, and share feedback. Explore Veo Editor Buy now add-ons Veo Live Veo Live Veo Live Upgrade your game with powerful add-on tools Go live with every match Go live with every match Go live with every match Veo's smart add-ons get to work instantly, automatically breaking down the action so your footage is ready to watch and analyse. Live stream the action, dive into deep analytics, and spotlight standout plays with powerful tools built to match your game. Veo Live lets you stream your matches live from anywhere, sharing the action with friends, family, and anyone who tunes in to watch your team. Level up your stream with your team logo, sponsored overlays, and more. Veo Live lets you stream your matches live from anywhere, sharing the action with friends, family, and anyone who tunes in to watch your team. Level up your stream with your team logo, sponsored overlays, and more. Veo Live lets you stream your matches live from anywhere, sharing the action with friends, family, and anyone who tunes in to watch your team. Level up your stream with your team logo, sponsored overlays, and more. Veo Analytics Turn key moments into winning insights Explore Veo Analytics Veo Live Go live straight from the pitch Explore Veo Live Veo Live Go live straight from the court Explore Veo Live Veo Player spotlight Boost player development with individual tracking Explore Veo Player Spotlight Built for every team sport Football Rugby Lacrosse Basketball American football Hockey Other sports Trusted by clubs and associations worldwide "We always like to look back at the training sessions and games. Without the recording, we would just be relying on here and now." "With Veo it just makes life so much easier. It really does bridge a gap between grassroots and the elite. There's never really been anything in the market prior to Veo." "It goes up – one, two, three –and then we press play. Veo does the rest, it moves on its own, it follows the ball. The technology is amazing" "Video is everything right now. With Veo you basically have an interactive view that’s never missing any plays. Coaches can see it crystal clear." Shawn Young Dom Palacio Garrett Noblet Rudy Crichlow Jr. Performance Analyst, Burnley F.C. Head of Community, Richmond Rugby Coach, Igloo Lacrosse Coach and Co-director, MCIB Get your personal quote in just 2 minutes Answer a few short questions and we will send you a quote with product and pricing details, tailored specifically to your needs. Teams Sport Cameras Mounting Add-ons Get your quote How many teams do you have? 1 2-4 5-9 10+ How many players do you have? The total number of players across all your teams Get started Sport What sport are you coaching/playing? Select your sport... Football American Football Rugby Lacrosse Basketball Field Hockey Ice Hockey Volleyball Handball GAA Baseball Schools/Further Education + Universities Other Back Next Camera Choose your preferred version of Veo Cam 3 Veo Cam 3 Livestream via Wi-Fi or ethernet Veo Cam 3 (5G) Livestream via Wi-Fi, ethernet or 5G Number of cameras Back Next Mounting What are your needs for mounting the Veo Cam 3? Light and easy to transport Extensive pitch overview Stadium mounting I already have a tripod Back Next Add-ons Do you want to add any of our add-ons to get access to additional features? Veo Live Live-stream your biggest achievements to all your favorite platforms. Veo Analytics Advanced AI-powered analysis tools – ready to help you progress and perform. Veo Player Spotlight Individual player tracking that automatically generates highlight reels for each player. Back Next Get your quote Fill in your contact info and we'll send you a personal quote. First name Last name Email Phone number Invalid number Invalid country code Too short Too long Organization Role What is your role? Coach Analyst Athlete Recruiter Parent Referee Other Yes, I hereby consent to receive marketing material from Veo Technologies ApS, (“Veo”) in the form of telephone calls, SMS, and e-mail regarding promotional offers and news about Veo. You can, of course, unsubscribe at any time. View our full Privacy Policy & Marketing Consent . Back Thank you! Your personal quote will be in your email inbox within a few minutes. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Teams Sport Cameras Mounting Add-ons Get your quote How many teams do you have? 1 2-4 5-9 10+ How many players do you have? The total number of players across all your teams Get started Sport What sport are you coaching/playing? Football/Soccer Rugby Lacrosse Basketball Other Back Continue Camera Choose your preferred version of Veo Cam 3 Veo Cam 3 Livestream via Wi-Fi or ethernet Veo Cam 3 (5G) Livestream via Wi-Fi, ethernet or 5G Number of cameras Back Continue Mounting What are your needs for mounting the Veo Cam 3? Light and easy to transport Extensive pitch overview Stadium mounting I already have a tripod Back Continue Add-ons Do you want to add any of our add-ons to get access to additional features? Veo Live Live-stream your biggest achievements to all your favorite platforms. Veo Analytics Advanced AI-powered analysis tools – ready to help you progress and perform. Veo Player Spotlight Individual player tracking that automatically generates highlight reels for each player. Back Continue Get your quote Fill in your contact info and we'll send you a personal quote. First name Last name Email Phone number Invalid number Invalid country code Too short Too long Organization Role What is your role? Coach Analyst Athlete Recruiter Parent Referee Other Yes, I hereby consent to receive marketing material from Veo Technologies ApS, (“Veo”) in the form of telephone calls, SMS, and e-mail regarding promotional offers and news about Veo. You can, of course, unsubscribe at any time. View our full Privacy Policy & Marketing Consent . Back Thank you! Your personal quote will be in your email inbox within a few minutes. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Teams Sport Cameras Mounting Add-ons Get your quote How many teams do you have? 1 2-4 5-9 10+ How many players do you have? The total number of players across all your teams Get started Sport What sport are you coaching/playing? Football/Soccer Rugby Lacrosse Basketball Other Back Next Camera Choose your preferred version of Veo Cam 3 Veo Cam 3 Livestream via Wi-Fi or ethernet Veo Cam 3 (5G) Livestream via Wi-Fi, ethernet or 5G Number of cameras Back Next Mounting What are your needs for mounting the Veo Cam 3? Light and easy to transport Extensive pitch overview Stadium mounting I already have a tripod Back Next Add-ons Do you want to add any of our add-ons to get access to additional features? Veo Live Live-stream your biggest achievements to all your favorite platforms. Veo Analytics Advanced AI-powered analysis tools – ready to help you progress and perform. Veo Player Spotlight Individual player tracking that automatically generates highlight reels for each player. Back Next Get your quote Fill in your contact info and we'll send you a personal quote. First name Last name Email Phone number Invalid number Invalid country code Too short Too long Organization Role What is your role? Coach Analyst Athlete Recruiter Parent Referee Other Yes, I hereby consent to receive marketing material from Veo Technologies ApS, (“Veo”) in the form of telephone calls, SMS, and e-mail regarding promotional offers and news about Veo. You can, of course, unsubscribe at any time. View our full Privacy Policy & Marketing Consent . Back Thank you! Your personal quote will be in your email inbox within a few minutes. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Teams Sport Cameras Mounting Add-ons Get your quote How many teams do you have? 1 2-4 5-9 10+ How many players do you have? The total number of players across all your teams Next Sport What sport are you coaching/playing? Football/Soccer Rugby Lacrosse Basketball Other Back Continue Camera Choose your preferred version of Veo Cam 3 Veo Cam 3 Livestream via Wi-Fi or ethernet Veo Cam 3 (5G) Livestream via Wi-Fi, ethernet or 5G Number of cameras Back Continue Mounting What are your needs for mounting the Veo Cam 3? Light and easy to transport Extensive pitch overview Stadium mounting I already have a tripod Back Continue Add-ons Do you want to add any of our add-ons to get access to additional features? Veo Live Live-stream your biggest achievements to all your favorite platforms. Veo Analytics Advanced AI-powered analysis tools – ready to help you progress and perform. Veo Player Spotlight Individual player tracking that automatically generates highlight reels for each player. Back Continue Get your quote Fill in your contact info and we'll send you a personal quote. First name Last name Email Phone number Invalid number Invalid country code Too short Too long Organization Role What is your role? Coach Analyst Athlete Recruiter Parent Referee Other Yes, I hereby consent to receive marketing material from Veo Technologies ApS, (“Veo”) in the form of telephone calls, SMS, and e-mail regarding promotional offers and news about Veo. You can, of course, unsubscribe at any time. View our full Privacy Policy & Marketing Consent . Back Thank you! Your personal quote will be in your email inbox within a few minutes. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Book a call with a Veo expert Claim your free Veo Live access Thanks for showing interest in our product. We are happy to help you with your questions and inquiries about our products. Fill out the form and a Veo expert will call you at your desired time. We speak several different languages. Get Veo Live for free and start live streaming your matches. Save £579 $759 $599 759 € AU$1159 639 € on this special, limited-time bundle. Reach out to our sales team today to claim the offer! Thanks for showing interest in our product. We are happy to help you with your questions and inquiries about our products. Fill out the form and a Veo expert will call you at your desired time. We speak several different languages. First name* Last name* E-mail* Phone number* Invalid number Invalid country code Too short Too long Organization* Sport* What sport are you coaching/playing? Football American football Rugby Lacrosse Basketball Flag Football Field hockey Ice hockey Volleyball Handball Baseball Schools/Further Education + Universities Other Role* What is your role? Coach Analyst Athlete Recruiter Parent Referee Board member Director Fan Other What can we help you with today?* Select an option Buy my first Veo Cam Buy Veo Go as a new Veo customer Buy Veo Go as a current Veo customer Discuss my current Veo Go subscription Buy additional cameras Renew or reactivate my subscription Upgrade my subscription Add Veo Live, Veo Player Spotlight or Veo Analytics I have a support question Please select a reason why you are booking a call.* Select an option Malfunctioning/damaged camera Unable to activate account or camera Subscription issues Issues with recordings Please provide details on how we can assist you. Do you have the Camera ID? If so, please provide it. The Camera ID is located on the back of the camera. For Veo Cam 1 and Veo Cam 2, it's in the format of '14:ae:85:91:00:00', remember to add the : in between the numbers and lowercase letters. For Veo Cam 3, it will be five digits. Do you have the Support ID? If so, please provide it.* How to find your Support ID. Your preferred language for support* Your preferred language for support... English Česky Dansk Deutsch Español Français Italiano 日本語 Nederlands Polski We’ll do our best to connect you with an agent who speaks your preferred language. If that’s not possible, don’t worry — we’ll make sure you’re supported in English. Yes, I hereby consent to receive marketing material from Veo Technologies ApS, (“Veo”) in the form of telephone calls, SMS, and e-mail regarding promotional offers and news about Veo. You can, of course, unsubscribe at any time. View our full Privacy Policy & Marketing Consent . Please wait, booking options are loading. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. If the problem persists, try to change your Wi-Fi or disable any VPNs you might be using. Curious what Veo can bring to you as a player, coach or club? Sign up for our newsletter Products Veo Cam 3 Veo Go Tripods & Accessories Veo Editor Player Profile Veo Analytics Veo Live Veo Player Spotlight Veo League Exchange Pricing Replacement camera Product Updates Support Use Cases Football Rugby Lacrosse Basketball Hockey Other sports Clubs Larger organizations and leagues Parents Universities and schools Corporate info About us Careers Manifesto Press Inquiries Branding guidelines Resources Blog E-books Customer Case Studies Submit your #veomoment Highlights Magazine Why Veo? Footage library Partners Partnerships Refer a friend Become a reseller Become a partner English (United Kingdom) English (United Kingdom) English (US) Español Italiano 日本語 Français Deutsch Polski Terms & Conditions Data processing agreement Privacy Policy Security and GDPR compliance Access your cookie settings Code of Conduct