Veraxen - mobile games for a brain workout games career support contact ru ru Creating games for a brain workout. scroll Jigsaw Puzzle collection HD Oil painting Color by number Our games are iconic leaders in their categories. They help millions of people all around the world to keep their minds sharp. Jigsaw Puzzle Collection HD Oil painting Color by number About our team Our aim is to provide conditions for employees' professional development. For this purpose, the company pays for participation in educational programmes and conferences, buys books and best services for the work process optimization. We value people who are increasing their effectiveness. If you assume challenging aims we will help you to reach them and will reward your progress. We have a special education course for unexperienced UA-specialists. After completing the course the specialists are given the 100% freedom to act. Each member of our team regularly receives feedback from the head of a department. In this way, we understand the value of our work. Every three months there is a general meeting in the company where we let all the employees know what happens in the company and how it is developing. The company creates a comfortable working space: pays for parking places, fitness, buys milk, sweets, and good coffee. If you face any problems playing our games, please contact us. We will find a solution. General Support Puzzle collection hd - iOS Puzzle collection hd - Android Oil painting|Color By Number - iOS Oil painting|Color By Number - Android Refresh captcha Add file Description* Message has been sent Thank you very much, we will reply to you soon. New message Sorry, something went wrong Please, try again. New message Cypru s, Limassol LOPHITIS BUSINESS CENTER I 249, 28 Oktovriou & Aimiliou Chourmouziou, 4th floor, Office 402,
                                                     3035 Limassol, Cyprus View on map Poland , Warsaw Al. Ujazdowskie 41 00-540 Warsaw, Poland View on map Term s of use EU LA Priv acy statement Lega l notes © VERAXEN ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Before You use our App, please read carefully our EULA and Privacy Statement . Pay attention to section "California Consumer Privacy Policy" in the Privacy Statement to be informed of the categories of personal information to be collected from You and the purposes of their collection. ×