Veradigm® | Data-driven Healthcare Solutions & Insights The Veradigm Network: Recognized for Excellence in 2025 Search Support Get Demo Login Life Sciences Health Plans + Payers Healthcare Providers Health IT Vendors Insights About Us Support Get Demo Main Menu Life Sciences Real World Data Real World Evidence Point of Care Marketing Main Menu Health Plans + Payers Gap Closure Risk Adjustment Data Exchange + Coding Quality Management Clearinghouse + EDI Main Menu Healthcare Providers Our Platform Streamline Practice Operations Improve Clinical Efficiency Maximize Revenue Engage Patients Optimize Resources and Spend Main Menu Health IT Vendors Powered by the Network API Connectivity Electronic Prescribing Main Menu Insights Veradigm Insights Resources Trending Topics Main Menu About Us Our Story Expertise Newsroom Careers Life Sciences Real World Data NLP-Enriched EHR Data Solutions Clinical Data Registries Life Sciences Real World Evidence Real World Evidence Real World Evidence Analytics Platform Life Sciences Point of Care Marketing Digital Health Media Health Plans + Payers Gap Closure Gap Closure Services Care Gap Alerting Provider Engagement Solutions Health Plans + Payers Risk Adjustment Health Equity Analytics Risk Adjustment Analytics Risk Mitigator Comprehensive Submissions Utilization Analytics Health Plans + Payers Data Exchange + Coding eChart Courier eChart Coder eChart Integration and Analytics Health Plans + Payers Quality Management Quality Analytics Risk Adjustment and Quality Management Health Plans + Payers Clearinghouse + EDI Veradigm Payerpath Healthcare Providers Our Platform Veradigm Suite Healthcare Providers Streamline Practice Operations Practice Management AI Patient Scheduling Healthcare Providers Improve Clinical Efficiency EHR Software ePrescribe Gap Closure Alerting Clinical Data Registries eChart Courier Healthcare Providers Maximize Revenue Revenue Cycle Services Coding Services Payerpath Clearinghouse Healthcare Providers Engage Patients Patient Engagement Platform Healthcare Providers Optimize Resources and Spend ERP Fiscal Management ERP Point of Use ERP Supply Chain Health IT Vendors Powered by the Network Life Sciences Health Plans + Payers Providers Health IT Vendors API Connectivity Veradigm Connect App Expo Diagnostic Ordering and Results Network (DORN) Health IT Vendors Electronic Prescribing Veradigm ePrescribe Enterprise Insights Veradigm Insights Blog Posts Videos Thought Leadership Podcasts Webinars Insights Resources RWE Publications Clinical Data Registries Smart Medicine Podcast Insights Trending Topics Value-Based Care Real-World Evidence Real-World Data Payer Provider Relationships Guide Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Healthcare About Us Our Story Who We Are Culture and Values Locations Veradigm Network About Us Expertise Leadership Board of Directors Meet the Experts About Us Newsroom Press Releases In the News Investors Events About Us Careers Join Our Team Job Openings Benefits Early Talent Program Our Story Who We Are Our Story Culture and Values Our Story Locations Expertise Leadership Newsroom Press Releases Newsroom Investors Careers Join Our Team Careers Job Openings Careers Benefits Careers Early Talent Program Life Sciences Not sure what you're looking for? Start with our Life Sciences overview Real World Data NLP-Enriched EHR Data Solutions Large-scale, high-quality health data sets. Clinical Data Registries Power your research with unique data. Real World Evidence Real World Evidence Retrospective and prospective research by RWE experts. Real World Evidence Analytics Platform SaaS application enabling efficient analysis of real-world data. Point of Care Marketing Digital Health Media Highly targeted brand awareness messaging in the EHR.* Health Plans + Payers Not sure what you're looking for? Start with our Health Plans + Payers overview Gap Closure Gap Closure Services Proactive, clinically-driven services to help health plans and their network providers close care gaps. Care Gap Alerting Point-of-care care gap alerting. Provider Engagement Solutions Streamlined payer-provider collaboration for better gap closure. Risk Adjustment Health Equity Analytics Go beyond Social Determinants of Health (SDoH). Risk Adjustment Analytics Analytics to find and prioritize gaps and opportunities. Risk Mitigator RADV audits - be prepared, not scared. Comprehensive Submissions One cloud-based data management platform for all government programs. Utilization Analytics Delivers visibility needed to monitor and manage key performance indicators. Data Exchange + Coding eChart Courier Automated electronic chart retrieval. eChart Coder Boost productivity and reduce costs with Veradigm eChart Coder. eChart Integration and Analytics Automated exchange of clinical data and medical record information for analysis. Quality Management Quality Analytics Proven analytic solution to help plans enhance Quality performance across their member base. Risk Adjustment and Quality Management Real-time visibility to monitor and manage your KPIs for risk and quality alike. Clearinghouse + EDI Veradigm Payerpath Claims and risk adjustment solution  including an effective collaboration delivering streamlined EDI. Healthcare Providers Not sure what you're looking for? Start with our Healthcare Providers overview Our Platform Veradigm Suite Explore Veradigm’s powerful healthcare solutions designed to streamline operations, improve patient care, and boost practice efficiency. Streamline Practice Operations Practice Management Simplified software for effortless scheduling, billing, and claims processing. AI Patient Scheduling Automate and optimize patient scheduling with artificial intelligence. Improve Clinical Efficiency EHR Software Adaptable ambulatory EHR platform that supports your clinical documentation and workflow needs. ePrescribe Affordable and certified e-Prescribing solution including controlled substances. Gap Closure Alerting Point-of-care care gap alerting. Clinical Data Registries Registry participation for providers. eChart Courier Save time, reduce costs, and increase efficiency by automating medical chart retrieval. Maximize Revenue Revenue Cycle Services Let us handle billing, minimize denials, enhance coding, and ensure timely payments. Coding Services Get help to reduce staff burden and increase revenue - let our team manage coding for you. Payerpath Clearinghouse RCM clearinghouse that streamlines billing and claims exchange. Engage Patients Patient Engagement Platform Integrate with a mobile-first patient engagement platform. Optimize Resources and Spend ERP Fiscal Management Automate finance workflows and improve visibility into spend, reporting, and compliance. ERP Point of Use Track supply usage in clinical settings to reduce waste and improve accuracy. ERP Supply Chain Streamline purchasing and inventory with real-time visibility from requisition to delivery. Health IT Vendors Not sure what you're looking for? Start with our Healthcare IT Vendor Solutions overview Powered by the Network Life Sciences Empowering life science with trusted data and insights from the point of care. Health Plans + Payers Connecting payers to the Veradigm Network’s comprehensive, national provider footprint. Providers Integrated clinical & financial solutions for a healthier practice. API Connectivity Veradigm Connect Connect the latest health tech solutions with the physicians and patients who need them. App Expo Become one of hundreds of certified applications and devices for provider practices built on open APIs. Diagnostic Ordering and Results Network (DORN) Connecting EHR Vendors with Lab and Radiology centers. Electronic Prescribing Veradigm ePrescribe Enterprise Integrated, advanced, easy-to-use ePrescribing for EHR and HIT vendors. Insights Not sure what you're looking for? Filter through all of Veradigm's Insights Veradigm Insights Blog Posts Read through our collection of valuable insights. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about our offerings. Thought Leadership Read the latest healthcare insights from our team of subject matter experts. Podcasts Listen to our podcasts to hear healthcare insights from our team of experts. Webinars Watch our webinars to learn more about how we are transforming health, insightfully. Resources RWE Publications Read through our RWE publications and learn how we help clients. Clinical Data Registries Explore our registry publications and learn how we help clients. Smart Medicine Podcast Thought-provoking podcast dedicated to understanding the intersection of care and innovation Trending Topics Value-Based Care Comprehensive guide to value-based care, including use cases, relevant blog articles, white papers and more. Real-World Evidence Complete overview of real-world evidence, why it’s important, and how it’s used in healthcare. Real-World Data Thorough review of what real-world healthcare data is, how it’s collected, and how it’s used across the healthcare spectrum. Payer Provider Relationships Guide Discover the impact of payer-provider relationships on healthcare. Learn how collaboration improves patient care and addresses challenges. Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Healthcare Discover the role of artificial intelligence in healthcare, its impact on diagnosis, treatment, and industry growth. Learn about AI's benefits and challenges. About Us Not sure what you're looking for? Start with our company overview Our Story Who We Are Learn how we’ve been providing healthcare solutions since 1986. Culture and Values Veradigm celebrates identity, perspective and collaboration. Locations Headquartered in Chicago, IL, our remote force crosses the globe. Veradigm Network Driving Value at the Intersection of Payers, Providers, and Life Science. Expertise Leadership Get to know our leadership team. Board of Directors Get to know our board of directors. Meet the Experts Meet the minds behind our valuable insights. Newsroom Press Releases Official Veradigm statements to news media. In the News The latest media coverage featuring Veradigm in healthcare and technology news. Investors Earnings, events, press release information and more. Events We’d love to meet you—find out where Veradigm will be next. Careers Join Our Team Why Veradigm? Learn more about our mission and who we are. Job Openings View all of Veradigm’s current job openings. Benefits Veradigm offers benefits, training and development opportunities. Early Talent Program Grow your future—learn about Veradigm’s internship program. Transforming Health, Insightfully® Empowering our clients with trusted data, insights, and solutions to help reduce costs and improve health outcomes for the patients they serve. Discover Veradigm's Value Experience the Veradigm Network Experience the Veradigm Network Explore Solutions The Veradigm Network Insights Careers Healthcare Providers Life Sciences Payers Thrive as a Medical Practice Veradigm's suite of easy-to-use healthcare technology solutions empowers healthcare providers to deliver their best clinical and financial performance. Learn More Accelerate Approvals and Optimize Access Veradigm supports Life Science companies with solutions to improve patient and provider access, accelerate life science research, and unlock key insights. Learn More Cost Control Meets Quality Outcomes For Health Plans and Payers, Veradigm's advanced quality and analytics solutions help optimize care, cost-effectively. Learn More The Veradigm Network Join a dynamic, open community of solutions, external partners, and cutting-edge artificial intelligence technologies that provider advanced insights, technology, and data-driven solutions. Explore Insights Blog Posts Blog Posts Read through our collection of valuable insights Read more Insights Thought Leadership Thought Leadership Read the latest healthcare insights from our team of subject matter experts Learn more Insights Videos Videos Watch our videos to learn more about our offerings Watch more Explore Careers at Veradigm Are you ready to help transform healthcare and enable smarter care for millions of people? View Open Positions Speak with a Veradigm Account Executive or request a demo of how we can help you meet your goals. Contact us Please accept marketing-cookies to watch this video. © 2025 Veradigm LLC and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Cited marks are the property of Veradigm LLC and/or its affiliates. All other product or company names are the property of their respective holders, all rights reserved. careers contact us legal privacy notice terms of use ONC regulatory compliance privacy and security program Your Privacy Choices Koha Health is Now Part of Veradigm As part of Veradigm, Koha Health’s services now include advanced support for managing staff, streamlining workflows, ensuring medical coding accuracy, insurance claims submission, and comprehensive reporting. This integration is designed to leverage your existing technology investments and drive meaningful improvements that impact your bottom line. With Veradigm, you gain access to an expanded suite of tools and resources that build a strong foundation for future success. From efficient revenue cycle management to enhanced patient care, Veradigm is committed to supporting your goals now and into the future. Continue to Veradigm Allscripts is now Veradigm Allscripts transitioned its solutions to the Veradigm brand, including electronic health records, practice management systems, and patient engagement platforms in 2022. Veradigm is a healthcare technology company that drives value through its unique combination of platforms, data, expertise, connectivity, and scale. The Veradigm Network features a dynamic community of solutions and partners providing advanced insights, technology, and data-driven solutions for the healthcare provider, payer, and life science markets. Continue to Veradigm Pulse8 is now Veradigm Payer Analytics Former Pulse8 solutions are now part of the Veradigm Payer Analytics portfolio. In addition to delivering complete visibility into the efficacy of your Risk Adjustment, Quality Management, and Pharmacy programs through former Pulse8 solutions like Calcul8, Qualit8, and others, Veradigm offers a broad range of solutions to help Payers meet their goals for supporting high-quality, cost-effective patient care. Continue to Veradigm Babel Health is now part of Veradigm Babel Health solutions are now part of Veradigm Payer Analytics, with enhanced Risk Adjustment (RA) submission workflow creating an end-to-end solution for regional health plans and payers. With Veradigm, Babel clients can receive enhanced support with the ability to leverage a truly end-to-end suite of products and solutions. From RA and Quality analytics and reporting, provider engagement tools, and comprehensive submissions solutions, Veradigm is positioned to support your goals now and in the future. Continue to Veradigm Evalytica is now Veradigm Real-World Evidence Analytics Platform Evalytica platform is now part of the Veradigm Network and is known as Veradigm Real-World Evidence (RWE) Analytics Platform , a powerful self-service analytic platform. This transition allows for the advancement of our RWE Analytics technology, expansion of the platform and improvement of its capabilities, functionality, and reach. Continue to Veradigm