Student Information System - Private K-12 Schools | Veracross SIS Who We Serve Veracross Who We Serve Technology Department Business Office Academics Admission Office School Leadership Development Office Health Office Marketing & Communications Meet Veracross 360 Veracross Meet Veracross 360 Veracross 360 Overview Academics & Student Life Admission & Enrollment Development Accounting Tuition Management Student Health & Wellness Student Behavior & Motivation Marketing Portals Integrations and API Veracross 360 Schools Veracross 360 Schools Types of Schools Veracross Types of Schools Private K-12 Boarding Schools International Schools Parochial and Others Resource Center Veracross Resource Center Resource Center Transitioning Your SIS Toolkit Business Case for a New SIS Toolkit Veracross Events Company Veracross Company Our Story Careers Trust Center Partners Australian Enhancements Request Demo Home About Solutions Testimonials School data chaos, solved. The one-person, one-record school management platform for private and independent K-12 schools. Request Demo Veracross turns data discrepancies into school-wide insights so educators can 
do what they do best. Veracross turns siloed operations into connected workflows so educators can 
do what they do best. Veracross turns separate experiences into unified communities so educators can 
do what they do best. Veracross turns data discrepancies into school-wide insights so educators can 
do what they do best. 3200 + Schools of all shapes and  sizes rely on Veracross 60 + Countries in our  global network of partnering schools 100 % Web-based  solution  that’s available anytime,  anywhere Book Demo School solutions  that put people  first. Software for every major department on campus with a single database at the center. Find the Right Solutions for Your School Academics &  Student Life Simplify academic management with the student information system that started it all. Explore Solution Admission &  Enrollment Attract and convert more applicants with an admission experience that reflects who you are. Explore Solution Development Elevate your fundraising impact with real-time data insights and powerful communication tools. Explore Solution Accounting Optimize your business office with accounting software built specifically for schools . Explore Solution Tuition Management Simplify and automate payments for families while eliminating manual reconciliation . Explore Solution Student Health  & Wellness Support students’ physical, mental, and emotional health with modern tools that put them first. Explore Solution Marketing Stand out from the crowd with a visually stunning and intuitive website and mobile experience. Explore Solution Portals Make it easy to find relevant information with flexible portals for every member of your community. Explore Solution Integrations and API Unlock the full potential of your school software with our library of 200+ integration partners. Explore Solution Proud partner of today’s top private and independent K-12 schools “Veracross is one of the few solutions we found that really spans 
the life cycle of a person’s relationship with Valley School. It also is
the solution that gets us closest to the dream of a single 
pane of glass.” - Director of Technology, Valley School Proud partner of today’s top private and independent K-12 schools "Veracross is an all-in-one school information system for us. We can manage nearly all aspects of our constituent data, plus many processes. It's changing our school for the better.” Director of Admission, G2 Review Proud partner of today’s top private and independent K-12 schools “Pretty much everyone at Trinity Christian uses Veracross every single day. It’s integral to every department and meets the needs of all constituents across campus.” Dean of Enrollment, Trinity Christian School of Fairfax Read Case Study Proud partner of today’s top private and independent K-12 schools “Veracross has provided us with a technology platform that can help us on the far edges of what we’re doing. The Veracross student information system has provided a flexible but firm foundation at the core of our data and information strategy.” Chief Information Officer, Avenues: The World School See Veracross In Action We help schools untangle their data to create more connected, unified communities. Request a demo to see why we’re the trusted SIS for today’s top private and indpendent schools. Request Demo Imagine What You Could Do Episode 3: A Solution for the Next Ten Years In episode three of our video series, meet Loretto School and learn why they chose Veracross as the long-term solution to their school’s technology needs. Watch Episode United States 401 Edgewater Place, Suite 360 Wakefield, MA, 01880 Australia Suite G2/2019 Gold Coast Hwy Miami QLD 4220, Australia United Kingdom 167-169 Great Portland Street, 5th Floor London, England, W1W 5PF WHO WE SERVE Technology Office Business Office Academics Admission Office School Leadership Development Office Health Office Marketing & Communications ABOUT Our Story Careers Trust Center SOLUTIONS Academics & Student Life Admissions & Enrollment Development Accounting Tuition Management Portals Student Health & Wellness Student Behavior and Motivation Marketing Integrations & API TYPES OF SCHOOLS Private K-12 Boarding Schools International Schools Parochial & Other RESOURCES Resource Center Events Transitioning Your SIS Toolkit Business Case for a New SIS Toolkit © 2025 Veracross. All rights reserved. California Residents Product Privacy Policy Website Privacy Policy DSAR Website Terms of Use Website by Shatterproof Transportation Registration using Event Registration Presenter: Alicia Barevich Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 10:00AM – 10:45AM Overview: See how The Blake School leverages Event Registration Forms to enable families to sign up for transportation to their three separate campuses, with a variety of transportation plan options. The method involves a single registration form with multiple events, and a series of questions. Register Now CLOSE Making the most of the data you already have to impact learning Presenter: Trevor Furness Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 9:00AM-9:45AM Overview: You may not realize it but there is a rich source of data sitting inside tools you use every day like your Student information system, learning management system and benchmark testing data. In the session we will explore opportunities to connect to this data to provide timely and actionable insights on demand to the people who need it the most – Your educators! Register Now CLOSE Data Audits to keep your data Squeaky Clean Presenter: Alicia Barevich Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 4:00PM – 4:45PM Overview: As they say, “Garbage in, Garbage out” – See suggestions for regular audits above and beyond the Data Integrity Homepage. Audits span the gamut of areas of Veracross, and in recommended frequency from Daily to Yearly. Learn how to efficiently keep your data squeaky clean! Register Now CLOSE Making Student Success a Team Sport with Intellispark Pro Presenter: Stephen Smith Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 3:00PM – 3:45PM Overview: Research has demonstrated that improved student well-being and social-emotional development are associated with better engagement and higher rates of academic achievement. Intellispark Pro is an innovative technology platform that complements Veracross with functionality designed to personalize the delivery of academic and non-academic supports to ensure that every student can thrive. Register Now CLOSE Novel Uses of the Individual Events Platform Presenter: AJ Colianni Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 3:00PM – 3:45PM Overview: The individual events platform is a flexible way to add custom data to person records in Veracross. See how Breck has used it to track COVID cases, prepare testing accomodation plans, and email merge information to families. Register Now CLOSE Optimizing Canvas: Creating a Learner-Centered & Teacher-Friendly LMS Environment Presenter: Louis Tullo Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 3:00PM – 3:45PM Overview: During this presentation, I’ll review some aspects of admin-level settings in Canvas that can help create a better experience for faculty. As part of this review, we’ll also look at the export functionality from Veracross and how using those files can help you navigate a customized setup of courses, terms, and enrollments. Register Now CLOSE VC Pay and Business Roadmap Presenter: Derek Pfeffer Addt’l Presenters: Jessica Wallis; Maria Lermond; Don Humpton Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 2:30PM – 3:00PM Register Now CLOSE Delivering Holistic Student Care with Veracross and Magnus Health Presenter: Jeremy Sambuca Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 2:00PM – 2:45PM Overview: Learn how the Hewitt School facilitates better care for their students utilizing the industry leader in student health record management plus the most powerful SIS for private and independent schools Register Now CLOSE Development Roadmap Presenter: Daryl Olsen Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 2:00PM – 2:30PM Register Now CLOSE Why Hewitt Chose Veracross & Magnus Health: Prioritizing Holistic Student Health and Wellness Presenter: Jeremy Sambuca Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 2:00PM – 2:45PM Overview: Learn how the Hewitt School facilitates better care for their students utilizing the industry leader in student health record management plus the most powerful SIS for private and independent schools. Register Now CLOSE Integrating GiveCampus with Veracross Presenter: Erik Kramer Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 2:00PM – 2:45PM Overview: GiveCampus is an alternative solution for advanced online giving forms, but the gifts need to be reported in Veracross. Using custom reporting out of GiveCampus, we were able to use the simple import tool to bring donations in to Veracross with a minimal number of constituent matching errors. Register Now CLOSE Rolling out MFA at Catlin Gabel Presenter: Daisy Steele Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 2:00PM – 2:45PM Register Now CLOSE On -Demand Webinar: Substance Misuse Prevention in Independent Schools Presenter: Soundcheck Prevention Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 1:00PM – 1:45PM Overview: In this session, our partner Soundcheck Prevention shares strategies to reduce substance misuse risks as well as strengthen protections which include feeling connected at school. Warning signs, early intervention, and outreach strategies are discussed. Register Now CLOSE Is It Time for a Technology Audit? Presenter: Christina Lewellen Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 1:00PM – 1:45PM Overview: Perhaps more than ever before, technology is a central, critical component of delivering on an independent school’s mission. It’s time to ask important technology questions to find long-term sustainability in pandemic-era strategies. Leveraging an internal self-study on the role of technology in programs and operations, the session demonstrates how to analyze school-wide initiatives, conduct strategic planning, help manage transitions, or assist in accreditation reviews. The session addresses risk mitigation and provides resources, samples, and templates for schools looking to fill in the missing pieces. Register Now CLOSE Switching to a new SIS Presenter: Jim Manikas Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 1:00PM – 1:45PM Overview: Discussion around making the decision to switch to a new SIS (Veracross). We will talk about things to thing about before, during and after the conversion. Register Now CLOSE Taking the Pain out of photo management for K12 Schools Presenter: Mandy Chan Addt’l Presenter: Renee Ramig Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 12:00PM – 12:45PM Overview: Everyone has photos. Everyone needs photos. Who can see them? Who can share them? Do we have permission to use them? Where can you find them? And, under GDPR you’re required to protect them. If these are the challenges you’re facing, you’ll want to join this session to discover how a media management system when integrated with your Veracross SIS will not only save you time but give you the power to easily connect your entire school community. Register Now CLOSE Data Reporting and the New Multi-Ethnicity Feature: A Roundtable Discussion Led by Durham Academy Presenter: Victoria Muradi Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 12:00PM – 12:45PM Overview: Veracross now has multi-select ethnicity field in place of the current single-select field. What might this mean for your school’s data reporting? Come talk to other schools who are undergoing this transition. Register Now CLOSE "CHANGING THE LEOPARD’S SPOTS Behavior Change Marketing & The Power of Personalization" Presenter: Elyn Roberts Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 12:00PM – 12:45PM Register Now CLOSE Safeguarding: Case Management for Student Wellness Presenter: Martin Baker Addt’l Presenters: Martha Baker; Curtis Linton Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 11:00AM – 11:45AM Overview: Teachers are overwhelmed and students are facing mental health, trauma, harassment, and wellness challenges like never before. Safeguarding as a practice gives educators the tools they need to report, document, track, collaborate, refer, audit, and support the wide variety of personal concerns students face. When integrated with Veracross, learn how to support the student holistically, both within their academic and non-academic needs. Paired with powerful data and analytics, see how the MyConcern software integration gives you the case management tools you need to proactively support total student wellness. Register Now CLOSE Magnus Health Product Roadmap: Veracross and Magnus Integration Presenter: Val Bourbeau Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 11:00AM – 11:45AM Overview: Come join us as Val Bourbeau, Director of Product Management for Magnus Health, provides an update on the latest enhancements to the Magnus integration with Veracross Register Now CLOSE Incident Response Workshop: What Your Schools Needs to Know and Do After a Cyber Attack Presenter: Eric Lankford Addt’l Presenters: Mike Saylor; Shawn Tuma; Jeff Shaffer Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 11:00AM – 11:45AM Overview: Learn how to respond to a cyber incident from minute 1 to 48 months after. Participants will come out of this session with a basic, actionable Incident Response Plan. Register Now CLOSE Leveraging Veracross Summary Reports Presenter: Christine Andrade Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 11:00AM – 11:45AM Overview: Picking up where the Veracross Development Live Session on 14 June left off, we will look at other Giving Summary Reports and review how to access the year to date for participation and giving functionality. (These Reports are available in both Development 2.0 and 3.0 modules.) Register Now CLOSE Magnus Health Product Roadmap Presenter: Val Bourbeau Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 10:00AM – 10:45AM Overview: Come join us as Val Bourbeau, Director of Product Management for Magnus Health, shares new enhancements for the coming year Register Now CLOSE Keeping Re-Enrollment Rolling: Evergreen Agreements Presenter: Samantha Basuk Addt’l Presenters: Chequanna Kelley; Brittany Silver Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 10:00AM – 10:45AM Overview: When it comes to new enrollment and continued enrollment, Avenues aims to make the process as simple as possible for their families. One of the biggest shifts Avenues has made in the past few years is to shift to an evergreen enrollment process, meaning a family only has to sign their enrollment agreement and relevant policies when they are newly enrolling—not every year after. While this isn’t yet a standard feature in Veracross, Avenues will share how they have made this work well for both their families and their internal team. Register Now CLOSE Medication Administration: Best Practices, School Policies & Lessons Learned Presenter: Melany Cave Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 9:00AM – 9:45AM Overview: According to the National Association of School Nurses, 25% of students have chronic conditions, many of whom require medication during the school day. A panel of nurses join us to discuss:  keeping track of frequency, dosage, and storage of student medication; managing emergency medications, including epi-pens and inhalers; coordinating medications with parents, including refill reminders; and establishing self-administration medication policies, and more Register Now CLOSE Medication Administration: Best Practices, School Policies & Lessons Learned Presenter: Melany Cave Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 9:00AM – 9:45AM Overview: According to the National Association of School Nurses, 25% of students have chronic conditions, many of whom require medication during the school day. A panel of nurses join us to discuss:  keeping track of frequency, dosage, and storage of student medication; managing emergency medications, including epi-pens and inhalers; coordinating medications with parents, including refill reminders; and establishing self-administration medication policies, and more Register Now CLOSE Diversity, Equity, and Inquiry Forms Presenter: Alek Duba Addt’l Presenter: Bill Stites Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 9:00AM – 9:45AM Overview: How we looked to make our admissions process more inclusive Register Now CLOSE Building Cultures of Data Use Presenter: Shabbi Luthra Addt’l Presenter: Piotr Olczak Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 8:30AM – 9:15AM Register Now CLOSE Live Product Tour: Data Export Packages Presenter: Heather Valdez Addt’l Presenters: Jason Mitan; Ian Sharer; Jeremy Anderson; Sandy Spiwak Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 4:00PM – 4:45PM Overview: Come take a live tour of the Veracross module, Data Export Packages! During this session, you’ll learn how this module can help you: Easily export data into an Excel document, with separate worksheets for each query Facilitate an additional way to back up data locally Integrate this data with other software your department uses We’ll have Q&A during this session to address your specific questions. Register Now CLOSE Student Check-ins: How timely questions can transform education Presenter: Nick Godenzi Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 4:00PM – 4:45PM Overview: Two-way dialogue engages your students; increasing self-ownership of learning outcomes. Register Now CLOSE Veracross and CrisisGo Partner to Help Keep Your School Safe Presenter: Kayla Proell Addt’l Presenters: Chris Vuillaume; David Kavlick Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 4:00PM – 4:45PM Overview: Discover how our new Veracross-CrisisGo integrated solution makes schools safer by uniting students, parents, teachers, first responders, and the entire community. Register Now CLOSE The Impact of the Health Office on Enrollment: A Case Study Presenters: Casey Bell; Julie Enlow Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 3:00PM – 3:45PM Overview: Every school reminds its staff that admission is everyone’s responsibility,  but how does the health office really impact enrollment? In this webinar, a current Director of Enrollment Management and School Nurse will lead a discussion on understanding and implementing the collaboration necessary to enhance the student/parent experience at your school, which ultimately impacts improved enrollment. Practical tips will be shared about how to join the conversation and leverage your unique position in the nurse’s office to increase your school’s value proposition to your students and families. Register Now CLOSE Is it Time to Rethink the IT Department? Presenter: Jennifer Baselice Addt’l Presenters: Vinnie Vrotny; Tony Perez Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 3:00PM – 3:45PM Overview: This session is intended to discuss the future of the IT department and whether it is time to rethink how an IT department should be structured in the future from a computer department into a mission aligned partner whose purpose is to advance, amplify, and support digital growth in other areas of the school – admissions, communications, advancement, and education and instruction. All are welcome to join in this very important conversation! Register Now CLOSE Portals, not just for grades anymore Presenter: Jason Epstein Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 3:00PM – 3:45PM Overview: This will be looking how Berkshire School not only uses portals for grades and classes, but has leveraged them for new families, student activities, parent resources and more! Register Now CLOSE Admissions Roadmap Presenter: Thad White Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 2:30PM – 3:00PM Register Now CLOSE Back to School Planning for 2022-23: Compliance, Communication, COVID-19 & More Presenter: Scott D’Annunzio Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 2:00PM – 2:45PM Overview: Our nurse panel discusses plans for 2022-23, including: compliance for enrollment, catching up on routine vaccines, and CV-19 immunization policies for students, faculty and staff; plans for testing, contact tracing and quarantines, and effective communication with parents and your entire school community Register Now CLOSE Admissions Roadmap Presenter: Thad White Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 2:00PM – 2:45PM Register Now CLOSE How Culver Academies collects wellbeing data with Orah Presenter: Paul Organ Addt’l Presenters: Anne Kelley; Thomas Liverett Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 2:00PM – 2:45PM Overview: Join us for a conversation with Anne Kelley at Culver Academies to discuss the current and future state of student wellbeing and how Veracross and Orah are working together to help shape the future of the industry. Register Now CLOSE Privacy & Security by Design: How Magnus Keeps Your School’s Health Data Safe Presenter: Martika Townes Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 1:00PM – 1:45PM Overview: The privacy and security of your school’s data and student health information is our top priority at Magnus Health. We’ve served the private K-12 market for more than 15 years and are always innovating to better assist our customers and protect their data. Protecting your school’ s data is our #1 responsibility, and a recent survey ranked Magnus #1 for state-of-the-art data security and HIPAA compliance vs. other school health record software systems. Join Dr. Michael Martell, VP of Information Security and Martika Townes, Privacy Manager as they discuss key security principles including compliance with HIPAA, FERPA and PCI- DSS requirements. Register Now CLOSE Streamlining Parent-Office Communication and Securing Visitor Management Presenter: Aneta Owen Addt’l Presenter: Mike Wilmeth Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 1:00PM – 1:45PM Overview: Bridges Middle School was able to go from manual sign-in sheets to a fully automated visitor management solution that helped them become more efficient and improve security. Their staff spent less time on operations and devoted more time to academics. Hear how Bridges was also able to empower parents to manage and communicate about arrival and departure changes with ease on a mobile app. Register Now CLOSE You Have a Seat at the Table. Now What? Presenter: Christina Lewellen Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 1:00PM – 1:45PM Overview: Technology took center stage during the pandemic and some independent school technology leaders have now found themselves permanently in the spotlight. More schools are integrating technology leaders into the senior leadership team, which means new skills are necessary for the ever-evolving role. This session explores ways to break through perceptions of what a school technologist is in order to be viewed as a school leader, including insights about what works and what has the potential to do more harm than good. Attendees will receive guidance on how to identify leadership gaps they may have and a framework for how to address possible growth opportunities. Register Now CLOSE Communication Strategy for Applicants Presenter: Kelly Gereski Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 1:00PM – 1:45PM Overview: Communicating effectively with prospective students and their families is important. What is the right time to reach out and how often? Learn about different ways to communicate with prospective families using Veracross and how to develop the best strategy for your school. Register Now CLOSE Mental Health 101: What Nurses Need to Know for the 2022-23 School Year Presenters: Gabriella Pelosi; Danielle Valas Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 12:00PM – 1:00PM Overview: Our partner D&G Wellness Consulting will share strategies and tips to prepare for the upcoming school year, as well as answer your questions regarding student mental health Register Now CLOSE Live Product Tour: Other Programs Presenter: Heather Valdez Addt’l Presenters: Jason Mitan; Ian Sharer; Jeremy Anderson; Sandy Spiwak Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 12:30PM – 1:00PM Overview: After school programs, year-round athletics, and summer learning activities are key to helping your students strengthen their skills and provide them with a sense of belonging outside of the classroom. While these programs can be fun for them, it doesn’t have to be a headache for you. Veracross makes it simple to manage the details of all your extra-curricular programs in one place. During this online tour, you’ll see how our Other Programs module can: Simplify the student program registration process Easily collect and record all payments online Automatically integrate this data with the student’s record Just like your students build confidence through these learning activities, you can be confident in the way Veracross manages all your year-long programs in one place. ” Register Now CLOSE The story of how we built the teacher's superpower Presenter: Deepanshu Arora Addt’l Presenter: Misbay Jafary Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 12:00PM – 12:45PM Overview: Our session will focus on the origin story of Toddle – how it started as a passion project in a school and why we built it. We would focus on the possibilities Toddle offers and on the Veracross and Toddle integration. Register Now CLOSE Collecting Your Own Alternate Data Presenter: Brendan Laughlin Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 12:00PM – 12:45PM Overview: Schools are awash in data about students, but how often does that data help us answer the questions we are asking? Brendan Laughlin from the Wellington Initiative will share how a very simple way of creating and collecting a new type of customized data resulted in a huge number of insights at The Wellington School—and how any other school can do the same! Register Now CLOSE How Thayer Academy Creates Covid “Data Dashboards” with Magnus Health Presenter: Theresa Jay Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 11:00AM – 11:45AM Overview: Do you need to identify your vaccinations and Covid stays? Do you need to track Covid infections? Do you need to know what athletic teams have students out with Covid and when they will return? If so, come join us to create your own Magnus Health “Data Dashboards” Register Now CLOSE MH/VC Integration Roadmap Presenter: Val Bourbeau Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 11:00AM – 11:30AM Register Now CLOSE Personalization: Building admissions journeys that convert Presenter: Jayden Barker Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 11:00AM – 11:45AM Overview: Having the student at the center of your admissions journey is a given – but creating personalized and memorable interactions is easier said than done! Join Jamie Giblett from Digistorm, as he maps out key moments in the admission journey. He’ll share practical examples, top trends, and show you how you can streamline your work, getting back the time to spend nurturing your prospective families. Register Now CLOSE Cyber Risk Insurance: How to Ensure Your School is Protected Presenter: Eric Lankford Addt’l Presenters: Annmarie Giblin; Laura Knittle; Dr. Patrick Johnson Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 11:00AM – 11:45AM Overview: Hear from legal and insurance representatives as they discuss the changes in the cyber insurance market and controls that you will needed to have in place, such as MFA, to acquire and/or continue cyber insurance coverage. Register Now CLOSE New SIS Implementation - Leading your School to successfully gain traction and ensure adoption Presenter: Francisco Felix Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 11:00AM – 11:45AM Overview: A systematic process to discover and articulate the needs of key stakeholders to ensure a successful evaluation, selection, migration and implementation of a new SIS at your school. Register Now CLOSE Improving Communication with Your Parents: The New Magnus Health Mobile App Presenter: Val Bourbeau Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 10:00AM – 10:45AM Overview: The new Magnus Health app for 2022-23 is an easy-to-use, family-focused and reliable mobile experience for your parents, faculty, and other end-users. In this session we’ll share some of the reasons we think you’ll love the new Magnus Health app, including for your forms management and Emergency Preparedness needs Register Now CLOSE Core Foundation Roadmap Presenter: Daryl Olsen Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 10:00AM – 10:30AM Register Now CLOSE My Daily Diagnostic Queries Presenter: Stephen Hulse Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 10:00AM – 10:45AM Overview: Using Data Packages I produce reports on the health of our data. This covers misconfigured classes to odd data in admissions. Register Now CLOSE How TASIS England Created an Enrollment Management Strategic Plan Presenter: Hans Mundahl Addt’l Presenter: Joshua Clark Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 9:00AM – 9:45AM Register Now CLOSE How UNIS Hanoi Started Visualizing Data with Data Packages and Google Data Studios Presenter: Adam Archer Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 9:00AM – 9:45AM Overview: Learn about how UNIS Hanoi started Visualizing Data with Data Packages and Google Data Studio. In this session we will step through how UNIS started with Admissions Enrollment and are expanding to Admissions Inquiries and Finance Data. Register Now CLOSE Using Veracross for Dashboards: One School’s Data Journey Presenter: Victoria Muradi Addt’l. Presenters: Anne Benson; Dave Chandler Date & Time: 6/24/2022 – 9:00AM – 9:45AM Overview: Wondering how to help your school make more data-informed decisions?  Join us to learn  how creating interactive dashboards to visualize Veracross data can help everyone from advisors to registrars, Division Directors to diversity practitioners to understand more about our students and communities. Register Now CLOSE Exporting Saved Queries to Bulk Generate Student Documents and Bulk Import into Axiom Presenter: Vincent Favard Date & Time: 6/23/2022 – 9:00AM – 9:45AM Overview: We needed to create personalized documents for specific selections of students and store them in students’ records in Veracross (eg. Standardized Testing Reports and Learning Support Plans). We developed a solution to leverage queries in Veracross to export student data from a few clicks, generate documents in bulk using the exported data, as well as generating the veracross-mapping-file.csv to import and attach those generated files to students’ records in Axiom. This greatly increased the speed and accuracy at which we are able to generate documents for our students and store them in Axiom and/or share them with parents via the Parent Portal. Register Now CLOSE How Veracross Keeps Your Data Secure Presenter: Dr. Michael Martell Date & Time: 6/23/22 – 9:00AM – 9:45AM Register Now CLOSE