Application Risk Management: Secure Your Software Latest Press Veracode Sets New Benchmark for Application Risk Management: Securing Modern Development in the AI Era Learn More Contact Us Blog Login Platform Platform Achieve unified visibility, AI-driven prioritization, and integrated tools to detect, understand, and remediate application vulnerabilities efficiently and effectively. [Column1] Unified Risk Management Risk Manager (ASPM) Unified visibility and remediation of application risk. [Column2] Application Security SAST Find and fix flaws as you write code. DAST Find and fix runtime web app vulnerabilities. Package Firewall Proactively secure development pipelines. SCA Stop open-source code vulnerabilities. Fix (AI code remediation) Automate remediation and save developer time. Container Secure container technologies before production. [Column3] Security Training eLearning Learn secure coding on-demand at your pace. Security Labs Exploit insecure apps with hands-on labs. Services PTaaS Leverage skills of experienced penetration testers. Application Security Consulting Personalized consultation to help remediate flaws. Solutions [Column1] Challenges We Solve Secure your business by eliminating hidden application risks. AI-Generated Code Defense Protect the Software Supply Chain Risk Remediation Secure Entire SDLC Role Customizable protection. CISO and C-Level Executives CRO Head of AppSec Developers Security Teams Industry Tailored security solutions. Financial Services Government – Public Sector Healthcare Retail & Commerce Energy Whitepapers Secure the SDLC Across DevSecOps Read the Study Why Veracode? Why Veracode Our years of experience and deep industry expertise ensure your software is compliant and secure while accelerating your development process. Choose Veracode Over Black Duck Checkmarx GitHub OpenText Snyk Customers A diverse array of clients, from Fortune 500 enterprises to innovative startups. Manhattan Associates HDI Global SE Cox Automotive Blog We Asked 100+ AI Models to Write Code. Here’s How Many Failed Security Tests. Read More Resources Resource Center Learn and Discover Blog Datasheet eBooks Infographics Reports Webinars Whitepapers Videos Developer Resources Learn and Connect Documentation Developer Community Developers – Training Contact Support AppSec Knowledgebase Vulnerability Database API Reference Artificial Intelligence and Secure Software Development Veracode Verified Customer Community Find all the support you need on your Veracode journey Trust Center Start your security review Reports October 2025 Update: GenAI Code Security Report View the Report Partners Our Partnerships Learn the benefits of partnering with Veracode. Become a Partner Apply to become a partner. Partner Portal Login Login to the partner portal. Reports State of Software Security (SoSS) 2025: A New View of Maturity View the Report Company About Us Careers Leadership Certifications Sustainability & Governance Newsroom Events Blog Veracode Named a 2025 TrustRadius Top Rated Solution: Here's What Real Users Are Saying Read More Login Request a Demo Application Risk Management Engineered for the AI-Coding Era Veracode’s Application Risk Management Platform identifies risks across your software development lifecycle, automates flaw fixes , and simplifies governance and compliance , empowering you to reduce risk and deliver secure software faster, with confidence. Take control of your application security risk—request a demo today. Request a Demo Watch Video 1.3 M + Applications Scanned 121 M + Software Flaws Fixed 360 T + Code Lines Scanned 1.1 % < False-Positive Rate Decades of Expertise, Real Results Drawing from two decades of Veracode’s proprietary research, we have established the world’s most extensive database of code vulnerabilities and flaws .  Our advanced, proprietary AI, engineered for the demands of the AI-coding era, equips you to find, fix, and govern security flaws with speed and precision. Take a Tour Comprehensive Application Risk Management Veracode’s advanced AI-powered engine scans code in hundreds of languages to identify and resolve vulnerabilities at their core. Move beyond simple detection with root cause analysis that helps you prioritize and neutralize threats, minimizing risk and empowering your team to build securely from the start. Safeguard AI-Generated Code Secure applications that incorporate or are built with AI-generated code. Learn More Protect Your Entire Supply Chain Ensure the security of all components and dependencies, from third-party libraries to open-source contributions. Learn More Secure Your SDLC Integrate best practices and tools across all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle. Learn More Accelerate Remediation Quickly and efficiently identify, prioritize, and apply fixes for security flaws Learn More Solutions that Deliver Across Your Organization For C-Level Execs Gain comprehensive visibility into your entire application risk across your organization, ensuring strategic alignment and informed decision-making for long-term business resilience. For Security Teams Enforce security policies with unparalleled accuracy . Proactively identify and prioritize critical flaws, reduce false positives, and streamline remediation, enhancing your security posture and freeing up resources. For Developers Ship fully secure code faster . Get precise, developer-centric guidance within your workflow. Whether you’re using AI, third-party libraries, or vibe coding, catch vulnerabilities earlier, and deliver high-quality, trusted applications with confidence. Trusted by Security Teams and Developers Veracode helps HDI Global SE’s business initiative for security innovation became a measurable reality “One future success factor will be Veracode’s artificial intelligence helping fix our findings. AI supporting fixes is a game changer. We have an approved plan for benefitting from AI, and it’s time to roll it out.” Phillip Hagedorn HDI Global SE, Cloud Architect Azalea Health empowers its software developers to code more securely “We chose Veracode because it was the easiest and best solution when it comes to integrating into our existing processes.” Andrew McCall Vice President of Engineering Uniting development and security teams “Veracode offered us the ideal platform to manage our diverse application environment. Specifically, Veracode Fix proved to be a real enabler in the management of complex multi-cloud environments, supporting us to reach higher levels of efficiency and effectiveness, bringing a significant value to us and our clients” Francesco Pisani / Head of Cloud Center of Excellence Featured Resources Learn More About Reducing Your Application Risk Blueprint for a Secure Software Supply Chain eBooks Blueprint for a Secure Software Supply Chain: Reports October 2025 Update: GenAI Code Security Report Reports State of Software Security (SoSS) 2025: A New View of Maturity Start your  journey _ Request a Live Demo Contact Us Why Veracode? Why Veracode Gartner Magic Quadrant Customers Manhattan Associates HDI Global SE Cox Automotive Choose Veracode Over… Black Duck Checkmarx GitHub OpenText Snyk Company About Us Careers Leadership Certifications Sustainability & Governance Newsroom Events Contact Us Solutions Challenges We Solve Secure Entire SDLC Risk Remediation Protect the Software Supply Chain Industry Government – Public Sector Financial Services Energy Retail & eCommerce Healthcare Partners Become a Partner Partner Portal Login Partner Community Resources Resource Center Blog eBooks Reports Whitepapers Infographics Webinars Videos Developer resources Documentation Developer Community Developers Training Contact Support Technical Support AppSec Knowledgebase Vulnerability Database API Reference Artificial Intelligence and Secure Software Development Veracode Verified CUSTOMER COMMUNITY TRUST CENTER Products Platform AppSec Analytics & Insights Cloud Native Architecture Integrations Languages and Frameworks Policy and Reporting Remediation Guidance ASPM AI Code Remediation SAST DAST PTaaS Container SCA VPF Security Labs eLearning Veracode offers industry-leading application security solutions, helping businesses secure their software with comprehensive testing. Build secure, high-quality applications with Veracode. SALES +1 888 937 0329 SUPPORT +1 877 837 2203 EMEA +44 20 3761 5501 © 2025 Veracode. All Rights Reserved. Legal – Privacy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Terms of use