Leading source of information about insurance risk var i = (window.location.host == "www.verisk.com") ? 'GTM-NKWPGK' : 'GTM-NR9MLKH';
    (function (w, d, s, l, i) {
        w[l] = w[l] || [];
        w[l].push({
            'gtm.start': new Date().getTime(),
            event: 'gtm.js'
        });
        var f = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0],
            j = d.createElement(s),
            dl = l != 'dataLayer' ? '&l=' + l : '';
        j.async = true;
        j.src =
            'https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtm.js?id=' + i + dl;
        f.parentNode.insertBefore(j, f);
    })(window, document, 'script', 'dataLayer', i); " height="0" width="0" style="display: none; visibility: hidden" > Skip to main content United States (EN) Show submenu for language selector Select a Language Canada (EN) United Kingdom (EN) Germany (EN) Deutschland (DE) ISOnet 360Value ALERT™ Benchmark Web Business Insight Client Portal CargoNet ClaimSearch ClaimXperience ContentsTrack CV-ALIR CV-Exchange CRS Portal (Cat Risk) ExpressNet Insurance Line Services ISO Electronic Numerical Listings of Classification Codes ISO Passport ISO's Special Statistical Data Calls Mozart Form Composer NER (National Equipment Register) OneXperience ProMetrix RISK:check Renewal XactAnalysis XactContents Xactimate XactPRM XactRemodel Our Focus Our Focus P/C Insurance Life and Annuities Reinsurance Specialty Markets Insurance Overview Innovative insurance solutions powered by advanced data analytics, technology, scientific research, and deep industry knowledge. Learn more Property & Casualty Insurance Create innovative P&C insurance programs, streamline data reporting to regulators, and leverage analytics to assess and price risks with speed and precision. Learn more Life and Annuities Refine life, annuity, and pension plans from the individual to the portfolio level, driving value across individual life and annuity lines. Learn more Reinsurance Improve combined ratios and unlock greater reinsurance profitability by managing your risk on global, commercial, and enterprise levels. Learn more Specialty Markets Compete in new markets with solutions for specialties such as professional liability, management liability, and crime and fidelity. Learn more Our Solutions Our Solutions Underwriting and Rating Underwriting and Rating Overview of  Underwriting and Rating Personal Property Personal Property Overview of  Personal Property Research, Development & Pricing Risk Selection & Underwriting Portfolio Assessment & Compliance Personal Property Maintain underwriting and pricing discipline and uncover profitable opportunities in the fast-paced personal property market. Learn more Research, Development & Pricing Drive critical research, benchmarking, and pricing decisions with personal property risk assessment tools and software. Learn more Risk Selection and Underwriting Capitalize on actionable underwriting data for personal property insurance at point of sale and renewal to guide smarter risk selection. Learn more Portfolio Assessment & Compliance Understand and evaluate your personal property insurance portfolio and maintain regulatory compliance with powerful data tools and services. Learn more Commercial Property Commercial Property Overview of  Commercial Property Research, Development & Pricing Risk Selection & Underwriting Portfolio Assessment & Compliance Commercial Property Overview Assess risk and exposure quickly with comprehensive, insurance-ready data and analytics for every commercial property address. Learn more Research, Development & Pricing Identify new commercial property insurance markets, develop innovative products, and keep forms and rates up to date with flexible, data-driven analytics and tools. Learn more Risk Selection and Underwriting Streamline commercial property risk selection and underwriting with robust data drawn from on-site expertise, advanced computer modeling, and real-world claims. Learn more Portfolio Assessment & Compliance Gain deep insights about your commercial property insurance portfolio and streamline compliance with robust analytics and automation. Learn more Personal Auto Personal Auto Overview of  Personal Auto Research, Development & Pricing Risk Selection & Underwriting Portfolio Assessment & Compliance Personal Auto Overview Discover a range of personal auto solutions spanning underwriting and rating, fraud, telematics, and predictive analytics. Learn more Research, Development & Pricing Find opportunities in personal auto insurance, create innovative products, and price them with precise data, analytics, and expertise. Learn more Risk Selection & Underwriting Sharpen segmentation and combat personal auto insurance fraud and premium leakage with risk selection tools for driver and vehicle information. Learn more Portfolio Assessment & Compliance Run your personal auto insurance team smarter with market-ready programs, data analytics, and tools for regulatory compliance and statistical reporting tools. Learn more Commercial Auto Commercial Auto Overview of  Commercial Auto Research, Development & Pricing Risk Selection & Underwriting Portfolio Assessment & Compliance Commercial Auto Overview Commercial auto insurance solutions that span underwriting, risk selection, and rating with robust data and analytics on businesses, vehicle fleets, and drivers. Learn more Research, Development & Pricing Overcome profitability challenges with market-ready essentials to identify opportunities, manage smart growth, and adapt to the changing commercial auto landscape. Learn more Risk Selection & Underwriting Capture a full range of underwriting and pricing factors for commercial auto insurance with granular data, analytics, and advanced technology. Learn more Portfolio Assessment & Compliance Leverage your data to streamline compliance, measure performance, and refine strategy across your commercial auto insurance portfolio. Learn more General Liability General Liability Overview of  General Liability Research, Development & Pricing Risk Selection & Underwriting Portfolio Assessment & Compliance General Liability Overview Cover known and emerging business liability risks and access diverse data, analytics, and compliance tools to drive your business forward. Learn more Research, Development & Pricing Detect opportunities, launch new products, and price coverage precisely with market-ready programs and solutions for general liability insurance. Learn more Risk Selection and Underwriting Be responsive to your customers and true to your risk appetite with powerful data, insights, and technology—and a support team focused on you. Learn more Portfolio Assessment & Compliance Leverage your data to manage your general liability insurance portfolio strategically and streamline regulatory compliance. Learn more Small Commercial Small Commercial Overview of  Small Commercial Research, Development & Pricing Risk Selection & Underwriting Portfolio Assessment & Compliance Small Commercial Overview Target your best opportunities in small commercial insurance with better risk assessment and straight-through processing using automated Verisk solutions. Learn more Research, Development & Pricing Small commercial insurance program, data, and analytic solutions to identify new markets, build innovative products, and keep policy language and rates current. Learn more Risk Selection and Underwriting Use data-driven analytics and risk insights backed by deep expertise to streamline and automate small commercial insurance risk selection and underwriting. Learn more Portfolio Assessment & Compliance Manage small commercial insurance programs and maintain compliance with automation and portfolio insights powered by data, analytics, and unmatched expertise. Learn more Other Lines of Business Underwriting & Rating Overview Make informed product development and underwriting decisions to generate more revenue while minimizing premium leakage and unnecessary expenses. Learn more Other Lines of Business Transform your approach to product development and underwriting for multiple lines of business while adhering to compliance and rating standards. Learn more Claims Claims Overview of  Claims FNOL Investigation Investigation Overview of  Investigation Weather Response Workflow Automation Decision Support and Analytics Catastrophe Claims Data Investigation Overview Streamline record review and validate key claim information such as weather information to ensure greater accuracy while reducing processing time. Learn more Weather Response Whether you’re looking at a property’s history of weather damage or looking ahead to an incoming storm, Verisk solutions convert weather into useable data. Learn more Workflow Automation Advanced AI, data parsing, image/video, and messaging solutions streamline claims processing, increasing satisfaction for employees and customers. Learn more Decision Support and Analytics Fill in data gaps and get industry-leading insights to make claims more accurate, combat fraud, and improve customer service. Learn more Catastrophe Claims Data Access the insurance industry’s trusted source for independent property loss estimates covering a range of catastrophe and global large loss specialty lines. Learn more Anti-Fraud Compliance Compliance Overview of  Compliance Workers' Compensation State Reporting Medicare Compliance and Reporting Compliance Overview Satisfy state and federal claims reporting requirements automatically within your workflow with comprehensive reporting to help you stay compliant and prevent fraud. Learn more Workers' Compensation State Reporting Data-driven claims management solutions let you streamline workers' compensation data reporting and improve compliance with advanced analytics. Learn more Medicare Compliance and Reporting Navigate changing regulations, manage complex recovery demands, and mitigate rising costs with an array of solutions to support every step of the process. Learn more Estimation and Valuation Estimation and Valuation Overview of  Estimation and Valuation Property Estimating & Restoration Validation and Valuation Estimation and Valuation Overview Our claims estimation and workflow capabilities help you assess the value of a claim quickly and accurately, leading to faster settlements and improved customer satisfaction. Learn more Property Estimating & Restoration Optimize your property claims process with advanced solutions to estimate structural and personal property claims seamlessly. Learn more Validation and Valuation State-of-the-art tools help you anticipate and handle unexpected costs  from liability, medical costs, extreme weather, and other catastrophes. Learn more Resolution Claims Overview Re-imagine your end-to-end claims experience to reduce costs, improve accuracy, and deliver a great customer experience from FNOL through resolution. Learn more FNOL Accelerate the claims process with solutions that automatically populate key data and help route claims to the right areas, saving time on the front end. Learn more Anti-Fraud Identify and prevent fraudulent claims by finding the critical data you need. Close the information gap and stop fraud leakage with robust industry analytics. Learn more Resolution Facilitate fast, fair claims resolution with automated tools and data-driven insights that help deliver better outcomes for you and your customers. Learn more Life Solutions Life Solutions Overview of  Life Solutions Individual Life and Annuities Employee Benefits & Institutional Annuities Life Overview Reimagine life and annuity products, workflows, and customer experiences with simple and flexible life insurance technology and analytics. Learn more Individual Life and Annuities Leverage a unified system for increased agility, innovation, and market responsiveness in individual life and annuity lines. Learn more Employee Benefits & Institutional Annuities Get end-to-end group life insurance plan administration and optimize group-based offerings with the FAST software solution from Verisk. Learn more Catastrophe and Risk Solutions Catastrophe and Risk Solutions Overview of  Catastrophe and Risk Solutions Risk Models Software Solutions Consulting Services Natural Hazard Risk and Response Catastrophe and Risk Solutions Overview Industry-leading catastrophe risk modeling software that incorporates global loss indexes and advanced analytics, from the company that pioneered catastrophe risk modeling. Learn more Risk Models Catastrophe risk models manage risk from natural catastrophes, man-made threats, and more. Discover what catastrophe risk modeling is and how it works. Learn more Software Solutions Understand and manage your catastrophe risk and uncover new insights with flexible catastrophe modeling software that enhances smart decision-making. Learn more Consulting Services Verisk offers bespoke catastrophe risk modeling services to meet your unique needs. Learn more about how our industry experts can help you manage your risk. Learn more Natural Hazard Risk and Response Detailed analytics and solutions for weather and environmental perils to help you mitigate risk, make quicker business decisions, and support profitability. Learn more Additional Solutions Construction Consumer Insights Sustainability and Resilience Government and Municipalities Real Estate and Mortgage Servicing Transportation View All Products Solutions Overview Assess risk, improve outcomes, build resilience, and seize strategic opportunities with our innovative solutions designed for insurers and reinsurers. Explore our solutions Construction Make smarter business decisions for construction and remodeling with data-driven insights and streamlined workflows. Learn more Consumer Insights Find the right customers at the right time among current and potential auto, home, health, and life policyholders seeking a home and its related services. Learn more Sustainability and Resilience Global risk intelligence tools by Verisk Maplecroft provide unmatched data and insights into climate, social, and government indices. Learn more Government and Municipalities Robust data tools provide necessary resources for governments, industries & law officials. Explore how to mitigate climate, cargo & commercial losses. Learn more Real Estate and Mortgage Servicing Make informed property decisions backed by unparalleled insights and comprehensive data on market values, key property characteristics, and historical trends, all in real time. Learn more Transportation Drive success across your supply chain with solutions that track complex risks, manage driver hiring, simplify compliance, and improve logistics. Learn more View All Products Browse all our available products, across all lines, industries, and stages of the insurance life cycle. Explore Products Resources Resources Thought Leadership Events Webinars Contact Support Strategic Alliances Xactware Store & Training Verisk Resources Stay informed about industry trends and innovative solutions with our events, webinars, FAQs, and thought leadership, including the Visualize blog. Visit Visualize Company Company About Us Leadership Newsroom Corporate Responsibility Inclusion and Culture Careers Investors Contact Us About Verisk Learn who we are, explore our history as a strategic partner to the insurance industry, and how we're continuously evolving to support resilience and sustainability for individuals, businesses, and communities. Learn more Powering Better Insurance Decisions Verisk connects the global insurance industry through proprietary data and technology to deliver the insights that real people depend on every day. Data-driven risk modeling and insurance data analytics Our product ecosystem houses 30 petabytes of data, including 34B+ premium and loss records and 1.8B+ claims. Clients partner with Verisk to transform comprehensive datasets into strategic insights and informed decisions. Underwriting and Rating Assess and price risk quickly and accurately Learn more Claims Streamline workflows and customer experiences Learn more Life Solutions Refine risk selection for individuals and portfolios Learn more Catastrophe and Risk Solutions Quantify exposure with catastrophe risk modeling Learn more Innovative solutions spanning the entire insurance industry Insurers leverage our predictive analytics, compliance risk management, and insurance data solutions to improve profitability, streamline workflows, and enhance customer experiences. P/C Insurance Manage risk throughout the insurance value chain Learn more Life and Annuities Drive automation across the policy lifecycle Learn more Reinsurance Transfer risk more effectively with real-time data Learn more Specialty Markets Navigate global specialty risks confidently Learn more Beyond insurance Verisk builds stronger connections across key industries that support insurance professionals in delivering essential support to people, businesses, and communities. Construction Optimize remodeling estimates and uncover competitive advantages Learn more Consumer Insights Create personalized customer experiences and profitable growth strategies Learn more Sustainability and Resilience Understand risks across environmental change Learn more Government and Municipalities Identify risks, analyze impact, create plans Learn more Real Estate and Mortgage Servicing Access real-time market data and trends Learn more Transportation Manage supply chain logistics, safety, and compliance Learn more Committed to Sustainability By investing in a vibrant culture with sound governance policies and effective practices, we’re creating a more sustainable future. Partners rely on our leading scientific research to plan for the days ahead. Learn more Verisk in the news Discover how our data and solutions influence insurance market trends and shape response to evolving risks. Press release Verisk Just Made It Easier for U.S. Insurers to Enter the Growing Pet Insurance Market Verisk’s new ISO Pet Insurance Line of Business program will offer insurers policy forms, rating rules and loss costs, marking the first standardized pet insurance program from an advisory organization. Read more. Press release Verisk Introduces New AI Tools to Streamline the Property Claims Experience Verisk has announced the launch of XactAI: a suite of capabilities powered by artificial intelligence that are purpose-built to enhance efficiency, consistency, and speed in claims handling. Read more Join our team Are you ready to join a global team of more than 7,500 experts committed to helping build resilience? If you answered “yes,” explore our open roles. Help us make tomorrow safer for people and society. Talent Opportunities Culture People Benefits Join our team Our Focus Insurance P/C Insurance Life Insurance Reinsurance Specialty Markets Company About Us Careers Corporate Responsibility Newsroom Responsible Data Analytics Key Links Investors Strategic Alliances Speakers Bureau Statement on Modern Slavery Resources Thought Leadership Events Contact Stay Connected Contact Us Privacy Notices Conditions of Use Cookie Preferences © 2008, 2025 Verisk Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved.