Verint CX Automation Skip to main content Thoma Bravo Completes Acquisition of Verint Thoma Bravo Completes Acquisition of Verint Read More Read More Contact Sales Login Support Language Verint home Get a Demo Products Open Platform Open Platform Overview About Open CCaaS Verint Da Vinci™ AI and Bots Open Engagement Data Hub Platform Capabilities Agent Copilot Dramatically increase agent capacity Customer Self-Service Increase self-service with AI-powered IVAs Business Analytics Speech, text & desktop analytics Channels & Desktop Deliver omnichannel customer experiences Workforce Engagement Increase employee capacity, performance, and experience Voice of Customer & Employee Cross-channel CX insights Knowledge Management A single source of truth for IVAs and agents Financial Compliance Trading and financial services compliance Fraud and Security Solutions Improve bank security investigations Solutions I want to... Embrace Generative AI Drive AI outcomes with GenAI Improve My Service Quality AI-powered quality across all customer touchpoints Improve Agent Productivity Increase contact center capacity with CX Automation Access AI Innovations Now Avoid a lengthy rip and replace project Move to an Open CCaaS Platform CX automation with a modern CCaaS Increase CX Automation Drive ROI with specialized bots My industry is... Banking Insurance Public Sector Retail Telecommunications Customers Customer Resources Customer Support Live product support and self-service options Verint Connect Customer portal & community Verint Academy Education and training to enhance your journey Why Verint Case Studies Explore the powerful outcomes and innovative solutions made possible with Verint Reviews Trusted by customers, approved by analysts Customer Commitment We want Customers for Life, always Services & Support Overview Delivering value beyond the platform ROI Center Resources Case Studies Neo BPO Reduces Absenteeism and Turnover with Verint Interviewing Bot Trainline Doubles Agent Capacity with Verint Capitec Bank Reduces Manager Scheduling Time from Four Hours to 15 Minutes per Week View All Case Studies Verint Resources Blog Analyst Reports eBooks Whitepapers Guides View All Resources Events AMER Events EMEA Events APAC Events View All Events Partners About Our Partners Partner Overview Become a Partner Find a Partner Verint Connect Partner portal & community Partner Case Studies Five9 Helps Customers Transform Customer Engagement Group Elite Facilitates Change and Modernization Connex Improves the Call Center, Back Office and Branch View All Case Studies Company Our Company Overview News & Insights Leadership Careers Legal Corporate Governance Partners Corporate Responsibility Recent Press & News Verint Recognized as Market Leader in Frost & Sullivan’s Voice of Customer Analytics 2025 Report Getting Real About Managing Gen Z View More Contact Sales Login Support Language Get a Demo Close × The State of Customer Experience 2025 Report Discover how CX leaders are thriving — and why others are falling behind. Read Now Stronger, Faster, Measurable AI Outcomes Verint Open Platform helps your contact center lower costs and elevate CX with AI-powered bots that automate CX workflows — delivering strong and measurable ROI in weeks, not months. Learn More About Verint Open Platform AI Business Outcomes from Verint Customers Lower costs $10M Saved A bank contained ​10M interactions (80% containment rate) through AI-driven self-service with Verint IVA. $79M Benefit A telco reduced average call duration by 30 seconds while boosting sales with Coaching Bot. Increase revenue 10% Increased Sales A UK based telco increased cross-sell rates by 10% by providing real-time coaching to agents. $3M More in Sales A healthcare brand used the Exact Transcription Bot to achieve 90% transcription accuracy, leading to a $3M boost in sales. Elevate CX 1.5x NPS Increase A Brazilian telecom used speech analytics to help customers select the best services for their needs. +39 NPS A mortgage lender increased NPS from +3 to +39 through real-time agent coaching with Verint Coaching Bot. See More Recognized as best-in-class by your peers Tired of failed AI experiments? Verint helps you deliver AI outcomes now to solve your most pressing CX Automation challenges in the contact center and beyond. Stop trying and failing at AI lab experiments. Start now, see measurable outcomes quickly, and scale. Watch: An Open Approach to CX Automation Explore our Open Platform Verint provides a cloud-native open platform to increase CX Automation and deliver AI business outcomes, now. Customer Self-Service Increase self-service with AI-powered IVAs Agent Copilot Dramatically increase agent capacity Business Analytics Speech, text & desktop analytics Workforce Engagement Increase employee capacity performance, and experience Voice of Customer & Employee Cross-channel CX insights Channels & Desktop Deliver omnichannel customer experiences Verint customers see AI Business Outcomes, Now Volaris Utilita Fiserv Bradesco Seguros Volaris: 85% containment rate Verint Intelligent Virtual Assistant (IVA) contains 85% of customer interactions, enabling the contact center to handle 3x the number of interactions with the same number of agents. IVA helps Volaris increase agent capacity while simultaneously elevating CX and boosting revenue. Utilita: Saves 35 seconds Verint Wrap Up Bot, one of the Verint Agent Copilot Bots, helps Utilita increase agent capacity. The Wrap Up Bot cuts 35 seconds from every call by automating the creation of call summaries. Fiserv: Bot increased quality monitoring coverage without adding headcount Verint Quality Bot automates the process of performing quality evaluations. With Quality Bot, Fiserv was able to go from evaluating 1% of calls, to 96%. It would have taken 1200 employees to perform these evaluations manually. Bradesco Seguros: Increased NPS 20 points This Brazilian insurer uses Verint Speech Analytics to uncover insights from unstructured phone conversations. The insights found from Speech Analytics have helped Bradesco Seguros improve their NPS by 20 points. Industry recognition Customer Experience Management (CXM) Buyers Guide The evolution of customer experience (CX) — and the advancement in AI — is bringing about a shift in how organizations purchase and deploy contact center technology. Download the Report Verint Named Leader for VoC Analytics in Latest Frost Radar Report Frost & Sullivan researched more than 50 leading VoC vendors, analyzing both their “innovation index” and “growth index” to independently select the top 10 performers in each of these categories. Download the Report Verint named leader in The IDC MarketScape Report Get the information you need to choose the right conversational intelligence and analytics partner to elevate CX and deliver AI business outcomes, now™. Download the Report CX automation insights The State of Customer Experience 2025 Download the only report you’ll need to uncover why CX leaders are thriving — and why other companies are falling behind. Research Report Open CCaaS Advantage Report The Open CCaaS Advantage report explores how companies can do more with less by adopting an open approach to CCaaS solutions. Research Report The ROI of CX Maximize your CX ROI with Verint. Discover strategies to enhance customer experience, reduce costs, and drive measurable returns on CX investments. Ebook This is a carousel with slides that do not auto-rotate. Use the Next and Previous buttons to navigate. The State of Customer Experience 2025 Download the only report you’ll need to uncover why CX leaders are thriving — and why other companies are falling behind. Research Report Open CCaaS Advantage Report The Open CCaaS Advantage report explores how companies can do more with less by adopting an open approach to CCaaS solutions. Research Report The ROI of CX Maximize your CX ROI with Verint. Discover strategies to enhance customer experience, reduce costs, and drive measurable returns on CX investments. Ebook Drive AI outcomes now Reach out to see how you can leverage an open platform with data and AI at the core to increase CX automation and deliver AI Business Outcomes. Now. * indicates a required field †If we know of you from our business directory we will prepopulate the form for you. Verint is committed to treat and protect your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Notice. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Thank You Thank you for your request. A Verint team member will follow up with you soon. Company Company Overview News & Insights Resource Center Careers Contact Global Locations Legal Legal Overview Terms of Service Privacy Notice Cookie Notice UK Modern Slavery Act Compliance Intellectual Property Accessibility Statement Cookie Settings Verint Logo Verint Verint Systems Inc. 225 Broadhollow Road, Suite 130 Melville, NY 11747 1 (800) 483-7468 All Rights Reserved 2025 Search Modal Search Search Begin typing to search, the field will be completed as you type. Results Search Modal Search Search Begin typing to search, the field will be completed as you type. Results Video Modal Download Audio Transcript Watch the audio description version of this video Watch the standard version of this video