AI-Powered Identity Verification | Drive Growth - Veriff Skip to content × We are sorry but this service is not available in your location. Login Help Center How to get verified English Español Português Eesti Login Help Center How to get verified English Español Português Eesti Products IDENTITY VERIFICATION Identity & Document Verification Proof of Address Database Verification Age Validation AML Screening BIOMETRIC VERIFICATION Biometric Authentication Age Estimation FRAUD PREVENTION Fraud Protect Fraud Intelligence Solutions BY INDUSTRY Financial Services eCommerce & Marketplaces Communities iGaming & Video Gaming Mobility & Transportation Human Resources BY USE CASE Onboarding Authentication Age Verification Know Your Employee Know Your Customer Reverification Pricing Resources EDUCATION KYC Center Fraud Center Onboarding Center IDV Center Events & Webinars TOOLS For Developers Age Estimation Demo ROI Calculator View all resources IDV live demo Company ABOUT VERIFF Our Story Why Veriff? Supported Countries Customers Trust Center Press WORK WITH US Careers Open Positions Our Locations Our People FAQ Try for free Contact sales The identity verification platform built for trust AI-powered automation and human expertise combine to detect deepfakes, stop fraud, and onboard verified customers in seconds – at global scale. Book a demo Try for free 2026 Identity Fraud Report Uncover the latest fraud trends and safeguard your business today. Get the report 2025 Fraud Index Report AI scams are rising fast. Learn from 2,000 consumers in the US, UK, and Brazil about their fraud experiences and what they expect from your platform—get the full report. Get the report We help the world’s best restore trust to the internet Click on a logo to view the case study: View all case studies Read Case Study Read Case Study Read Case Study Read Case Study Read Case Study Read Case Study Read Case Study View all case studies The complete toolkit for building trust with customers Identity Verification IDENTITY & DOCUMENT VERIFICATION Instantly verify identities with advanced document verification to prevent identity fraud. Go to product PROOF OF ADDRESS Confirm residency with automated address verification for seamless compliance. Go to product DATABASE VERIFICATION Cross-check identities against global databases to prevent fraud and risks. Go to product AGE VALIDATION Automatically verify age to protect minors and meet regulations. Go to product AML SCREENING Screen customers against PEP, sanctions lists, and more to mitigate risk. Go to product Book a demo BIOMETRIC VERIFICATION BIOMETRIC AUTHENTICATION Go passwordless with a user selfie to authenticate identity in a few seconds. Go to product AGE ESTIMATION Predict user age with AI-driven facial analysis technology. Go to product Book a demo FRAUD PREVENTION FRAUD PROTECT Block fraudulent users with AI-powered, real-time fraud detection. Go to product FRAUD INTELLIGENCE Strengthen fraud prevention efforts with advanced intelligence tools. Go to product Book a demo Safe, secure, and built for global businesses Customers trust you with their most sensitive information. Veriff helps you uphold that trust with fast, accurate, and secure identity verification. Financial Services eCommerce & Marketplaces Communities iGaming and Video Gaming Mobility & Transportation Human Resources Financial Services eCommerce & Marketplaces Communities iGaming and Video Gaming Mobility & Transportation Human Resources Financial Services eCommerce & Marketplaces Communities iGaming and Video Gaming Mobility & Transportation Human Resources >0 % verified on the first try >0 second verification >0 K+ documents supported >0 languages & dialects Leader in Identity Verification on G2 Veriff is recognized as a Leader in Identity Verification by G2, thanks to our high customer satisfaction, ease of use, and reliable performance. This award reflects our commitment to providing trusted, scalable identity verification solutions for businesses worldwide. Book a demo How returning customer trust can unlock the power of the digital economy veriff iable ACCURACY With industry-leading technology and 95% of genuine users successfully verified on their first try, Veriff delivers precise identity verification powered by AI. Trusted by over 2,000 global businesses, we’ve earned top industry awards for our proven reliability and fraud prevention capabilities. Why Veriff? veriff iable SPEED Don’t lose customers to slow verification. Veriff’s 6-second identity checks ensure seamless onboarding while minimizing abandonment and maximizing trust – because every second counts in today’s digital world. Book a demo veriff iable COMPLIANCE Stay ahead of global regulations with Veriff. Our compliance-driven platform meets the strictest KYC, AML, and data security standards, keeping your business safe and regulators satisfied across multiple authorities. Trust Center Wherever in the world you are, we’re there too Veriff gives you global identity verification coverage, supporting more than 12,000 government-issued ID documents from 230+ countries and territories, and including functionality in 48 languages and dialects. See full list Migration Program Developer Docs Migration Program Get fully set up on our platform in 48 hours Our team of experts is ready to move you from your current provider quickly and at no extra cost — so you can unlock the full value of Veriff without delay. Deploy with mobile (iOS and Android) and web SDKs, or integrate via API. Book a demo Developer Docs Designed to make developer’s lives easier. Our flexible APIs and SDKs make it easy to integrate Veriff into any system so you can launch faster and scale confidently. See documentation curl Node.js Python JavaScript 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 curl -X POST \
--url '/v1/sessions/' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'X-AUTH-CLIENT: API-PUBLIC-KEY' \
-d '{
  "verification": {
    "vendorData": "user uuid"
  }
}' 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 var request = require("request");

var options = {
    method: "POST",
    url: "/v1/sessions/",
    headers: { "Content-Type": "application/json", "X-AUTH-CLIENT": "API-PUBLIC-KEY" },
    body: { verification: { vendorData: "user uuid", timestamp: "2016-05-19T08:30:25.597Z" } },
    json: true,
};
request(options, function (error, response, body) {
    if (error) throw new Error(error);
    console.log(body);
}); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 import requests
import pprint
import json

url = '/v1/sessions/'
payload = json.dumps({
    'verification': {
        'vendorData': 'user uuid',        
        'timestamp': '2016-05-19T08:30:25.597Z'
}})
headers = {
    'X-AUTH-CLIENT': 'API-PUBLIC-KEY',
    'Content-Type': 'application/json'
}
response = requests.request('POST', url, data=payload, headers=headers)
pprint.pprint(response.json()) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 const Veriff = require("@veriff/js-sdk");
const veriff = Veriff({
    apiKey: "API_KEY",
    parentId: "veriff-root",
    onSession: function (err, response) {},
});
veriff.mount(); FEATURED A STRONG PERFORMER Veriff was named a Strong Performer in The Forrester Wave™: Identity Verification Solutions, Q3 2025. Access report Here’s what the experts say Recognition for our tech innovation, leadership, and mission to make the internet a safer place. Awards & recognition Our customers say it better than we can Paul Nunn, Chief Strategy Officer & Head of Developer Relations, KWS “Our partnership with Veriff helps us to effectively manage ID Scan verification globally, and at a very large concurrent scale. It is incredibly important that we work with best-in-class technology partners to deliver these services to Kids Web Services.” Read case study Juan Esteban Saldarriaga, Founder and CEO, Juancho Te Presta “Our fraud levels have dropped to below 1%, which is very impressive. This is thanks to the use of Veriff’s background video recording feature, which helps us understand more about what else might be going on during a customer verification.” Read case study Andy Wright, Chief Technology Officer, Submittable “Veriff enables us to ensure applicants are who they say they are, in very little time and at massive volume, so we can get financial assistance to the people who deserve it, rather than criminals.” Read case study Dan Westgarth, Chief Operating Officer, Deel “Implementing Veriff’s IDV technology had an immediate and visible impact on our level of conversions and rates of fraud on our platform. At the same time, it enabled us to handle a constant growth in customers and scale sustainably.” Read case study 1 / 4 Featured resources View all resources Building trust for the curious: how Feeld and Veriff design a safer dating experience Podcast View How Veriff found its voice Podcast View Structuring, fraud, and the future of bank security Blog Post View Beyond ID scans: Bruce Ackerman on the new rules of fraud prevention Podcast View Building the future of trust: how Veriff balances innovation and discipline Podcast View The believers who bet on trust: how early backers helped Veriff find its edge Podcast View Ten years of Veriff: from a small island to building global trust Podcast View From regulation to advantage: how Tele2 turned prepaid verification into a growth opportunity Podcast View Solving old problems with cutting-edge tech: The future of digital transformation Podcast View View all resources Subscribe for insights CCPA/CPRA Compliant GDPR EU Compliant SOC2 – TYPE II Certified ISO/IEC 27001:2022 Certified UK Cyber Essentials Certified ISO/IEC 30107-3 Level 1 ISO/IEC 30107-3 Level 2 Start building with Veriff for free Your journey toward faster, more accurate identity verification starts here. Book a demo Products Identity & Document Verification Proof of Address Database Verification Age Validation AML Screening Biometric Authentication Age Estimation Fraud Protect Fraud Intelligence Solutions Financial Services eCommerce & Marketplaces Communities iGaming & Video Gaming Mobility & Transportation Human Resources no title Onboarding Authentication Age Verification Know Your Employee Know Your Customer Reverification Pricing Enterprise Resources KYC Center Fraud Center Onboarding Center IDV Center For Developers Age Estimation Demo Fraud Toolkit Company Why Veriff? Customers Press Supported Countries & Languages Trust Center Careers Brand Comparison Veriff vs Onfido Veriff vs Sumsub Veriff vs Jumio Veriff vs Persona Veriff vs Incode Veriff vs AU10TIX Veriff vs  ID-Pal no-title Privacy Notice Bug Bounty Security & Compliance Recruitment Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Privacy Choices © 2025 Veriff. All rights reserved