The Vermont Country Store | Practical & Hard-to-Find Goods Accessibility Statement Skip to Content FREE STANDARD SHIPPING Orders of $75 or More – Promo Code 462248 View Details Request Catalog Track Order Wish List 1-802-776-5644 Live Help Chat Email Sign Up Sign up for Texts Customer Service ▼ Live Chat Email Us 1-802-776-5644 Track Order Returns & Exchanges Email and SMS Sign Up Request Catalog Questions & Answers Sign up for Texts Sign in My Account ▼ Sign In Create Account Manage Account Wish List Order History Track Your Order Customer Service Email Sign Up Exclusive Products, Sales Previews, and More! 0 Women ▼ Men ▼ Kitchen ▼ Curtains ▼ Bedding ▼ Home ▼ Personal Care ▼ Beauty ▼ Food ▼ Candy ▼ Holidays ▼ Clearance ▼ Women's Clothing Women's Sleepwear Slippers Bath New Arrivals Gifts Toys & Books PEANUTS™ Nightgowns New Colors Robes Men's Sleepwear Women's Slippers Men's Slippers Sheets Blankets Outerwear Dresses & Jumpers Men's Sweaters Dinnerware Chair Cushions Pastries NEW Cookies SALE Chocolates SALE Candies Hearth Rugs & Mats Skin Care Pain Relief Shop Catalog Shop Curtains Catalog Subscribe Now Special Offer The Original Since 1946 In 1946, Vrest and Mildred Orton printed and mailed the first catalog to 1,000 people on their Christmas card list. Vrest, a frugal Yankee at heart, insisted that what they sold must be useful, work, and make sense. Our family still holds true to this principle as Purveyors of the Practical and Hard-to-Find. Risk-Free Shopping 100% Guaranteed Satisfaction Our commitment to finding you practical, hard-to-find merchandise and providing superior customer service remains  absolutely unshakable. Everything you see in our catalogs, in our online store, and in our retail stores is 100% guaranteed to work like we say it will. Our Customer Bill of Rights To expect prompt, courteous service. To be the top priority of the moment. To expect all shopkeepers to know about their products. To expect quality products, service and delivery, and to report any shortcomings. To compliment superior quality of products and service. To expect The Vermont Country Store to stand behind its products. To expect any adjustments in merchandise to be made in the most convenient manner. To expect accurate and efficient record keeping, despite the computer or other problems. To exchange any item or return it for a refund without hassle or fuss. Welcome to the Vermont Country Store – We're Glad You're Here Our general stores are filled with a vast selection of both fun and useful products as well as brands from the past. We pride ourselves on being purveyors of practical and hard-to-find items. We know you will be pleased with our selection of high-quality bedding, housewares, apparel, and gifts that are perfect for any occasion. The next time you visit the great state of Vermont, please drop into one of our general stores. We’re located in both Weston and Rockingham, Vermont. We take great pride in offering a unique customer experience you won’t soon forget. The Original General Store Our general store and catalog business, founded in 1946, was built on the premise that all our merchandise must be durable and above all practical. We are pleased to continue that tradition and offer a great selection of your favorite clothing and household items, classic toys & games, and a great selection of pure Vermont maple syrup. Every item we offer is backed by our no-hassle, no-fuss 100% guarantee. This means we will exchange any item or refund your money if you are not completely satisfied. We provide all our customers with polite, courteous service and proudly uphold our Customer Bill of Rights . SIGN UP Sign up to receive text updates and promotions! facebook Pinterest X YouTube Instagram Customer Service 1 (802) 776-5644 Live Chat Email Us Service Hours Frequently Asked Questions Help Code My Account Forgot Password Order Information Track Your Order Returns / Exchanges Shipping Information Sales Tax Information International Orders Customer Bill Of Rights Satisfaction Guarantee Payment Options Gift Cards Shop With Us Request a Catalog Shop Our e-Catalog Your Wishlist Holiday Gifts Proprietor's Picks Signature Products Tips and Advice Fit Guide Suggest a Product Visit Us Our Stores Weston Store Rockingham Store Our Restaurants Mildred's Table in Weston Mildred's Dairy Bar in Weston Mildred’s Market & Dairy Bar in Rockingham Plan Your Trip Blog Company Information About Us Family Owned Our History Community In the Media Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Accessibility Statement 100% Guarantee We are committed to finding you practical, hard-to-find merchandise and providing superior customer service. Visit Our Stores Discover more about us and our stores. Get directions and plan your trip to beautiful Vermont! Family Owned In 1946, Vrest and Mildred Orton printed their first catalog. Read the history of The Vermont Country Store! ©2025 The Vermont Country Store. All Rights Reserved. TOP