Best Web Hosting: Plans from $0.6/mo. | Verpex® Special Sale - Special Discounts on All Products Reseller Hosting Web Hosting Hosting for WordPress On Sale For small to medium-sized businesses using CMS WordPress Shared Hosting For small businesses, startups, and personal websites Cloud Web Hosting On Sale Modern solutions for startups and e-commerce sites Private Servers VPS Hosting On Sale Ideal for medium-sized businesses needing more control Windows VPS Perfect for businesses requiring Windows-specific solutions Linux VPS Ideal for businesses seeking flexible, Linux-based solutions Managed Cloud Servers On Sale All technical duties - on us Managed hosting for WordPress High-Performance Hosting to Power Your WordPress Site Domains Domain Registration Domain Transfer Email Professional Email Hosting Business Email Hosting About About Us Our Technology Affiliate Program Knowledge Base Blog Support Log In Support Log in NEW YEAR SALE All Reseller Hosting & Shared Hosting Plans Up to Get Started NEW YEAR SALE All Managed Dedicated Servers Plans Up to Get Started 4.7 | 900+ Reviews Trusted by the owners of over 250,000 Websites 4.8 | 100+ Reviews Up To 90% Off Web Hosting Host with confidence—trusted by 200,000 websites for reliable, secure, and high-performance hosting. Starting from $0.60 /mo START NOW Web hosting features Unlimited Bandwidth Free Domain Registration /Transfer Free Daily Backups, Certificate(s) 24/7 Tech Support 45-day money-back guarantee Up To 90% Off Reseller Hosting Crafted for scalability, Verpex resellers enable hosting of up to 200 cPanel accounts within a single plan. Starting from $1.80 /mo START NOW Reseller hosting features 15-200 cPanel accounts Up to 4GB RAM per cPanel  account 24/7 migrations team ~100,000 Visits per cPanel 45-day money-back guarantee Up To 50% Off VPS Hosting Enjoy dedicated resources and full root access, giving you ultimate control over your hosting environment. Starting from $4.99 /mo START NOW VPS hosting features Up to 32GB Dedicated RAM Up to 640GB Dedicated NVME Disk Space 24/7 migrations team Unlimited Traffic 7-day money-back guarantee Verpex trusted by thousands Hosting 253,225 websites for clients in 181 countries Damilare Bankole Feb 15, 2024 Hira Batool Oct 9, 2023 Matt Wilson Dec 28, 2022 Tiago Fraga Feb 17, 2024 Our customers say Excellent 4.6 out of 5 based on 1139 users reviews WE'RE SO CONFIDENT IN THE QUALITY OF OUR SERVICE THAT WE INCLUDE A 45 MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE. Enhance Your Reseller Hosting with Our Premier Solutions Enjoy free migrations, one-click installs, and advanced security measures, ensuring reliable hosting for your clients. Excellent cPanel Platform Manage multiple accounts with our intuitive cPanel platform, combining reports into a single dashboard. 24/7 Support Our dedicated support team is available 24/7, ensuring your reseller hosting business runs flawlessly at all times. Try Reseller Hosting Now Power Up Your WordPress Site with Verpex Hosting for  Wordpress Sites Achieve peak performance and security for your WordPress sites with our optimized hosting solutions. Easy WordPress Management Our one-click WordPress installs and automatic updates simplify site management, allowing you to focus on your content. Robust Security Protect your sites with our advanced security measures, including daily backups, malware scanning, and DDoS protection. Start Now Power Your Website with VPS Hosting Maximize performance and flexibility with our VPS hosting, designed for demanding applications and high-traffic websites. Dynamic Resource Allocation Easily scale your server resources up or down to meet your changing requirements. Solid Infrastructure Our solid infrastructure offers high uptime and stable performance, keeping your site accessible at all times. Try VPS Hosting Now Around-The-Clock  Reseller Support At Verpex, we understand that problems with Reseller hosting don't always occur during office hours. That's why our stellar Reseller web hosting support team doesn't stick to the 9-to-5 schedule either. We value all questions and are committed to dedicating the time necessary to resolve your issues. You can reach us 24/7 for help with any issues 24/7/365 Available Reseller Hosting Support 99.95% Support Case Resolution Expert Technical Support Start Live Chat E-mail us Unlimited Free Migrations & Free SSL Certificates Transitioning to Verpex from your existing service provider? Allow us to manage the entire migration process on your behalf. When you transfer any number of your websites to your Verpex subscription, you won't incur any expenses. Whether you possess 1, 10, or even 100 websites, there will be no charges applicable. Every website hosted through Verpex is equipped with a complimentary default AutoSSL. As soon as your website is up and running, our automated SSL checker will seamlessly deploy a free SSL certificate for you. This process occurs hourly to ensure a secure browsing experience. WORLDWIDE HOSTING Real Worldwide Hosting A global network powered by 8 server locations across five continents. From Europe to Asia. You will be able to choose a location upon ordering a new Hosting package with Start Now WHM & cPanel Effortlessly manage multiple clients with WHM control and cPanel, the industry’s leading hosting management tools. Global Server Locations Bring your servers closer to your customers by choosing from our diverse locations, including London, New York, Sydney, Singapore, and more! Unlimited Migrations Migrate all your websites to Verpex, whether it's to our reseller hosting or any other hosting solution, at no cost! Explore Plans Turbocharged Speed Our customizable reseller hosting servers feature SSD storage, unlimited bandwidth, and the latest cloud servers with NVMe SSDs and next-generation AMD EPYC CPUs for ultra-fast speeds. Free SSL for Every Domain We provide free SSL certificates for every domain and subdomain, automatically installed and renewed for you and your reseller hosting clients. Spam-Free Mail Servers Say goodbye to spam! All outbound emails are routed through MailChannels or SpamExperts, ensuring your mailing reputation remains impeccable. Upgrade Now Imunify360 Security Ensure your websites stay secure with Imunify360, providing advanced firewall and malware protection for all your reseller hosting sites and any other hosting plans with Verpex. Softaculous App Installer Install WordPress, Drupal, Joomla, PrestaShop, and over 300 other scripts in seconds with Softaculous, included with reseller hosting and all Verpex hosting plans. Consistent Daily Backups Protect your sites with our reliable daily backups, and even up to twice daily, ensuring security against unexpected issues or design changes for all Verpex plans, including reseller hosting. Get Started Speed and Performance Attracting customers to your website is one thing but it’s speed that keeps them there. You can trust Verpex to deliver the lightning-fast loading speeds your site requires, no matter the scope of traffic you expect. Frequently Asked Questions How can I trust Verpex? At Verpex, we pride ourselves on offering the best web hosting service possible. Our support is friendly and efficient, and we keep our prices low to ensure that our clients get the best value for their money.If you wish to speak to us further about how to host your site, contact us on live chat or call us today. What is an SSL certificate? Can I get a free SSL certificate with my web hosting plan? Secure Sockets Layer, or SSL , is a protocol that provides security for communications between devices on the internet. SSL uses encryption to scramble data as it travels from one device to another, making it unreadable to anyone except the intended recipient. Each of our packages comes with the ability to install a free SSL certificate on your website right away. Which cloud web hosting plan is best for me? Get in touch with the team and we'll help you find the best plan for your needs. We never oversell and will always suggest a cloud web hosting plan that's right for you. How do I get started with my cloud web hosting account? Publishing Your Website To publish your website’s files, upload them to your account's public_html directory. You’re able to update your website files whenever you want to. However, your audience won’t be able to view any files that aren’t in the public_html directory (or within the subdirectory beneath public_html). Configuring Your Domain Name If you have a domain name that wasn’t purchased from Verpex, you’ll need to update that domain's nameservers (DNS). You won't have to do this if you buy your domain from us. It’ll be done automatically for you. The nameservers and their IP addresses are listed in the Product Details of your My Verpex section. The nameservers for your web hosting account are ns1/2/3/4.verpex.com. Requesting A Free Website Migration Do you have an existing website that you would like to migrate to Verpex Hosting? Verpex Hosting will migrate it from your previous host for free! You can request your free website migration by contacting our support team . What is your money-back guarantee? We offer a 45-day money-back guarantee on all plans. Try our web hosting and if for any reason you decide it doesn't suit your needs, we'll give you a full refund – no questions asked. Can I easily transfer my existing domain? Yes. Transfer your domain to us and we'll even extend your renewal date by a year – or you can update your nameserver to point to our nameservers. It's that easy! How fast is your cloud hosting service? We’re well known for the speed of our web hosting. Our team is constantly developing new features. What is reseller hosting? Reseller hosting is essentially a way for you to purchase hosting resources from us in bulk and then to re-sell those resources directly to your clients. You can set limitations on disk space, bandwidth, email usage, and other features on a per-package or per-site basis. We provide a completely managed service from a technical perspective - the server space, hosting resources and support come from us and you are responsible for supporting your end-user clients. You can even brand your clients' cPanels with your own logo for a super professional image. But reseller hosting isn’t just for web designers, agencies and start-up hosting companies - it’s also a great option if you run a lot of websites personally. Because you have access to WHM, you can create each site with its own separate cPanel. This means each site or client gets their own login to manage their own hosting settings, isolating them completely from other users on the same server or under your account. This improves site performance and resiliency from malware attacks. We have a lot more information on what is reseller hosting on our blog. What is cloud hosting? Cloud hosting offers better scalability and performance for your website by leveraging cloud technology and VPSs. You can learn more about cloud hosting on our blog . What is hosting for WordPress? hosting for WordPress is all about making sure your website is housed on servers that are specifically designed for the WordPress platform. By choosing a provider that specializes in hosting for WordPress such as Verpex, you can rest assured that your site will enjoy better performance, stronger security against cyber-attacks, and automated updates to apps and plugins Verpex hosting reviews Martin K eCommerce Owner Sarah P Blogger Bruce T Product Manager Max M UX/UI Read More Reviews on HostAdvice Looking to join a hosting family that you can count on? It’s good to see our hard work get noticed. Our services, particularly the comprehensive reseller hosting we offer, is praised by both our customers and some of the world-leading authorities on hosting right now. Product Reseller Hosting Cloud Web Hosting Shared Web Hosting Hosting for Wordpress Managed Cloud Servers Managed WordPress Servers VPS Hosting Java Hosting Domain Domain Registration Domain Transfer Information About Verpex Blog Knowledge Base Our Technology Pricing Affiliate Program Contact Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Sitemap Privacy Manager Affiliates Terms & Conditions Abuse Acceptable Usage Policy ©2019-2025 Verpex Limited. All Rights Reserved. Useful Links | Terms of Service | Privacy | Cookies | Company Details | Registrants R & R Prices are listed without VAT Welcome all {{ brandName }} customers We are delighted to welcome {{ brandName }} customers to the Verpex family. Existing {{ brandName }} users can log in to the new Verpex client area to manage their services with their previous credentials. Get Started