Verso Books | Books, Blog, and Book Club Skip to content We're offering 20% off annual Verso Book Club memberships with discount code VBC-NEW-YEAR . Click here for more information. Dismiss announcement Verso About Books Authors Blog Book Club Gift Cards Log in Reset your password If you had an account with Verso prior to April 2023 you will need to register here to access your account . Email Submit Cancel Log in If you had an account with Verso prior to April 2023 you will need to register here to access your account . Email Password Sign in Forgot your password? Don’t have an account? Sign up here . Close dialog Location/Currency Canada (CAD $) United Kingdom (GBP £) United States (USD $) Rest of World (GBP £) Page redirects on selection Cart, 0 items Shopping cart Site and log-in links Free shipping progress Browse Shopping cart Your cart is empty Loading… Recommendations Verso Gift Card Sale price £18.84 Add to cart Verso Radical Diary and Weekly Planner 2026 Sale price £12.99 Paperback Add to cart Hate: The Uses of a Powerful Emotion Sale price £14.99 Hardback
+ free ebook Add to cart Enforcing Normalcy: Disability, Deafness, and the Body Sale price £14.99 Paperback
+ free ebook Add to cart The Long Heat: Climate Politics When It’s Too Late Sale price £35.00 Hardback
+ free ebook Add to cart Surviving the 21st Century Sale price £12.99 Paperback
+ free ebook Add to cart Total costs Total £0.00 GBP £— Taxes and shipping calculated at checkout Update Check out Site search Search See all results Site search Search See all results You’re viewing our site Would you like to switch to our site to see prices and shipping options for your current location? Yes please No thanks Close dialog Site and log-in links About Books Authors Blog Book Club Gift Cards Log in Location/Currency Canada (CAD $) United Kingdom (GBP £) United States (USD $) Rest of World (GBP £) Page redirects on selection Verso Books | Books, Blog, and Book Club 2025: End of Year Highlights Highlights from Verso’s publishing, including books on the Global South, Palestine, Marxist theory, and more! 2025 Highlights Browse all Everything Is Now: The 1960s New York Avant-Garde—Primal Happenings, Underground Movies, Radical Pop by J. Hoberman A Philosophy of Shame: A Revolutionary Emotion by Frédéric Gros The Arcana of Reproduction: Housewives, Prostitutes, Workers and Capital by Leopoldina Fortunati Featured Books Browse all Hate: The Uses of a Powerful Emotion by Seyda Kurt Patchwork: A Graphic Biography of Jane Austen by Kate Evans Anthropocene Communism: Land and Capital in the Age of Disaster by Paul Guillibert The Long Heat: Climate Politics When It’s Too Late by Wim Carton and Andreas Malm Verso Radical Diary and Weekly Planner 2026 by Verso Books UK Crude Capitalism: Oil, Corporate Power, and the Making of the World Market by Adam Hanieh Verso Book Club Our world is changing quickly, from global politics and environmental collapse, to the rise of right-wing political movements and serious economic crises. What hasn't changed is Verso's 50 year-long commitment to radical publishing. Help us to continue this vital radical publishing tradition. Join the Book Club Plan to read more in the new year? Let us help! For a limited time only: we're offering 20% off annual Book Club memberships 2025: The Year in Ten Books From riots and fires to ICE crackdowns and political assassinations, we've selected ten books to speak on the year we're finally leaving behind. The Year in Ten Books Browse all Riot. Strike. Riot: The New Era of Uprisings by Joshua Clover Scam: Inside Southeast Asia's Cybercrime Compounds by Mark Bo , Ivan Franceschini and Ling Li Claiming the City: A Global History of Workers' Fight for Municipal Socialism by Shelton Stromquist Palestinian Voices Browse all Gaza: The Story of a Genocide Edited by Fatima Bhutto and Sonia Faleiro Mural by Mahmoud Darwish A Child in Palestine: The Cartoons of Naji al-Ali by Naji al-Ali In Search of Fatima: A Palestinian Story by Ghada Karmi Resisting Erasure: Capital, Imperialism and Race in Palestine by Adam Hanieh , Robert Knox and Rafeef Ziadah From the River to the Sea: Essays for a Free Palestine Edited by Sai Englert , Michal Schatz and Rosie Warren Now Available for Preorder Browse all The Problem of Personhood: Giving Rights to Trees, Corporations and Robots by Lisa Siraganian Repetition: A Novel by Vigdis Hjorth Architecture Against Architecture: A Manifesto by Reinier De Graaf Washington Is Burning: Corruption and Lies in The Age of Trump by Andrew Cockburn Analogue Africa: Notes on the Anti-Colonial Imagination by Jeremy Harding Hyperpolitics: Extreme Politicization without Political Consequences by Anton Jäger Blog A Collection of Villages: A Verso Series On-the-ground stories from Masafer Yatta, a collection of villages in the West Bank. The Impossible Reconstruction Architect and scholar Tomà Berlanda on rubble and the politics of remaining in Gaza The Death that Keeps on Going A part of our new series A Collection of Villages , journalist and editor Kate Greenberg takes us to Umm al-Khair, a village in the West Bank facing impending demolition by the Israeli government. Authors Tariq Ali Judith Butler Walter Rodney Nancy Fraser Terms and Conditions Frequently Asked Questions Cookie Preferences Facebook Twitter Instagram Sign up for our newsletter Close dialog Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window.