Home | Versatile Skip to Main Content Who We Serve Back Lenders Grow customer acquisition through optimized credit submit Merchants Optimized credit strategies that drive sales submit Solutions Back Apply submit Transact submit Integrate submit White Label submit Analyze submit Versatile Team Back Our Team submit Our Story submit Press and News submit Careers submit Request a Demo Play Video Pause Video Optimize your credit strategy with Versatile Versatile financing optimizes buying opportunities through credit with fully integrated technology and strategy to meet the unique needs of merchants, lenders, solution providers, and buying groups in an evolving range of industries. Request a Demo arrow 20 years of credit strategy optimization Designing a credit strategy to unlock sales and growth requires more than technology. It demands dedicated partnership and expertise, built upon two decades of data-driven insights and innovation. submit $16B Facilitating $16+ billion annual financing 13k+ Brick & mortar locations 6M Apps submitted in 2024 35 Lending partners 20 years In consumer financing Smarter credit strategies that drive more approvals Versatile helps retailers turn financing into a growth engine. Our platform simplifies the financing process with a single application that connects to 35+ prime, near-prime, and no-credit-needed lenders — so more customers get approved, and fewer sales fall through.  From intelligent routing logic to real-time performance insights, we help businesses optimize every part of the financing journey. Versatile Apply Connect with customers at the right place and time in their financing journey with a more customized, stress-free financing experience: in-store, in-home, online, and mobile. Learn More submit Versatile Transact Streamline your back office with industry-leading technology that enhances operational efficiency and empowers staff with user-friendly tools, enabling them to confidently offer comprehensive financing options. Learn More submit Versatile Analyze Quickly refine your strategies and optimize performance with data-driven decisions that fuel sales and growth. Learn More submit Versatile Integrate Easily enable third-party integrations like STORIS, Intellicheck, and Prove — or let Versatile create custom integrations that match your merchant technology and workflow. Learn More submit Versatile White Label Solutions Banks, brands, franchise groups, and buying groups can offer scalable, customizable consumer financing tools and solutions to independent retailers, merchants, and resellers — delivered through a turnkey portal — that eliminate the need for costly infrastructure and development. Learn More submit Over 35 lender integrations “We value our partnership with Versatile Credit as they continue to innovate in response to market demands,” […] “This solution not only enables merchants to deliver technologically advanced, full-spectrum financing options, but it also facilitates a smoother customer journey, broadening the range of financing solutions merchants can offer while supporting their success and growth.” Senior Executive National Lender, Retail Services “When the credit lines tightened up, we were in a position to manage it because we had a full program. I can take any guest, I can put them on the Versatile network, and it’s going to present them with the appropriate product.” VP of Finance National Retailer “Versatile generates significant value for everyone in the journey. With our Versatile integration, we can provide a complete experience with analytics that allows us to make the best decisions going forward.” Patient  Financing Executive National DSO FAQs Learn more about the Versatile platform and their credit optimization solutions. Still have questions? Reach out to a Versatile expert. Contact arrow How do merchants benefit from an optimized credit strategy? An optimized credit strategy helps merchants give their customers a faster, more accurate idea of their purchasing power at the moment they intend to buy. By utilizing technology, data, and analytics, optimized credit strategies reduce friction in the consumer financing journey, offer greater choice, and ultimately create a better customer purchasing experience, which drives higher loyalty, increases ticket sales, and ultimately improves the merchant’s bottom line. How is Versatile transforming merchant credit strategy? Versatile is transforming merchant credit strategy by giving merchants deeper insights into their customers, their verticals, and their sales teams, that together can drive deeper relationships with their customers for higher growth and sales. What strategic verticals does Versatile serve? Versatile’s strong market position in strategic verticals empowers lenders to achieve a first-mover advantage in product verticals and meet market demand, faster: Verticals include Furniture, Retail/Automotive, Elective medical, and Home improvement. Emerging verticals including OEM, buying groups, commercial businesses, and more. How does Versatile partner with lenders to drive sales and growth? Versatile partners with lenders to help increase their customer base and drive sales and growth. The Versatile platform seamlessly integrates on the front and back end with lenders and merchants, giving lenders access to new customers, creating opportunities for lender cross-selling of other embedded financing services, and supporting lender business strategies for less capital investment. How easily does Versatile integrate with BNPL, lease-to-own, revolving credit, and installment plans? Versatile integrates easily with BNPL, lease-to-own, revolving credit, installment plans, and more via APIs so merchants can offer the latest financing options to customers from one convenient screen, creating less friction and a better customer experience. Drive growth and satisfaction with Versatile Get a Demo arrow linkedin Join our newsletter Get the latest insights to help optimize your credit strategy Subscribe Email * Submit If you are human, leave this field blank. Δ By subscribing, you agree to our Privacy Policy Who We Serve Lenders Merchants Solutions Apply Transact Analyze Integrate White Label Versatile Team Our Team Our Story Press and News Careers Privacy Policy Anonymous Tips or Complaints? © 2025 Versatile. All rights reserved.