Vertex O Series | Indirect Tax Software for Calculation, Compliance & Reporting Skip To Primary Navigation Skip To Main Content Skip To Footer Menu Vertex Exchange Search Search Search Search Search Search Log In Vertex Cloud Login Vertex Community Login Taxamo Logins Global Directory English (US) English (UK) Deutsch (DE) Português (BR) Solutions Solutions Show Submenu Solutions Business type solutions Find a solution to suit your scale, meet your needs, and approach growth with confidence. Midsize Solutions Enterprise Solutions Marketplace Solutions E-commerce Solutions E-Invoicing Solutions Tax type solutions Maintain global compliance and reduce friction in your tax function. Sales & Use Tax Value Added Tax Consumer Use Tax Communications Services Tax Lease Tax Payroll Tax Brazil Tax Industry solutions Explore specialized tax content tailored to help solve the unique challenges of your industry. Communications Hospitality Leasing Oil & Gas Medical See all Solutions Research Report Gartner Research: Develop a Global E-Invoicing Compliance Strategy Adopt a strategic, future-ready approach to digital invoicing. Products Products Show Submenu Products Tax Determination Improve indirect tax accuracy across jurisdictions and find industry-specific solutions. Returns & Reporting Enhance your operational efficiency to streamline filings, cross-border commerce, and online sales. Audit & Planning Drive business forward with tax-specific data tools to proactively handle risk. See all products We’re here to help with other services for what you need Managed Services Outsource administrative tasks to trusted experts in indirect tax and exemption certificate management. Implementation Services Consult our experts for a range of services to get you up & running with confidence. System Optimization Services Optimize your system performance with the support of our tax technology experts. Meet e-invoicing mandates. Check out the comprehensive Vertex e-Invoicing solution to support global requirements. Partners Partners Show Submenu Partners Partners Learn how we accelerate the speed of business by connecting with our global partnerships. Technology Partners Accounting & Consulting Firms System Integrators See all partners Integrations Stay ahead of the competition with software that connects and adapts to your current systems. ERP E-Commerce Procurement Point of Sale (POS) Subscription Billing See all integrations Take over tax. Together, we power growth and compliance for our customers. Become a partner Customers Customers Show Submenu Customers Support Address your pain points and resolve issues with our team of tax software professionals. Vertex Customer Support Vertex Community Vertex Developer Hub Training Set yourself up for success with resources designed to help get the most out of our products. Tax Software Training Certified Directory Implementer Program Video Simplify & automate your global tax compliance complexities. Learn More Resources Resources Show Submenu Resources Resource Center Stay up-to-date on the latest trends in tax and tackle compliance challenges before they appear. Blog Data Sheets Customer Stories Reports & White Papers eBooks Infographics See all resources Live & On-Demand Access and participate in the latest discussions on pressing issues in indirect tax. Upcoming Webcasts & Events On-Demand Webcasts Podcasts & Videos Thought Leadership Get cutting-edge insights as they happen. Explore the world of tax from the eyes of our top experts. Our Thought Leaders Tax Technology Compliance & Audits Data & Analytics Cloud & ERP Migrations View all thought leadership Assess Your Business's Tax Compliance Answer 6 questions to uncover strengths and areas for improvement. Company Company Show Submenu Company About See why we’re a trusted name in tax technology, 40+ years in the making. Our Story Our Leadership Our Customers Impact Our values reinforce excellence, letting us give back to our employees, communities, and planet. Responsibility Sustainability Community News Stay informed on the latest news, research, and innovation coming from our experts. Newsroom Blog Research & Reports Investors Careers Explore the benefits of starting or continuing your career with Vertex. Life at Vertex Grow Your Career Career Opportunities Our Story Investors Access latest stock information, news, events, and more. Get in Touch Get in Touch Global Directory English (US) English (UK) Deutsch (DE) Português (BR) Vertex Exchange Log In Vertex Cloud Login Vertex Community Login Taxamo Logins Browse All Products & Services Vertex O Series Streamline indirect tax management with deep, proven tax content and software built to scale. LEARN MORE Book a Demo Support business growth with reliable tax determination & trusted technology Automate and centralize indirect tax calculation including sales, use, and value added tax (VAT), on your sales and purchase transactions. Connect our leading technology seamlessly to your ERP or financial system. Deploy it using edge computing for the highest availability and scalability to accelerate your business growth. Play Video Explore the features, benefits & highlights of Vertex O Series Tax Content Customized Set-Up Jurisdiction Accuracy Flexible Deployments Edge Containers Integrations Data Intelligence Reporting Stay ahead of changes with the latest tax rules and rates. Continually updated tax rules and rates for 19,000 jurisdictions around the world keep your sales, use, and value added tax calculations accurate and reduce audit risk. Plus, global, cross industry content for extractors, manufacturers, wholesalers, distributors, resellers, financiers, service providers, builders and premium content for leasing , telco , healthcare & science , hospitality , oil & gas and more. License the content you need today, and add content as your business grows. Benefit from a powerful and customizable calculation engine. Set up your Vertex tax engine to fit your unique business needs. Custom taxability setup for your company’s unique structure and tax policy including taxability rules and exceptions. Gain confidence for even the most complex transactions, simplified through automation. 6.0% 8.0% Improve U.S. jurisdiction assignment with integrated address cleansing. Improve tax, invoicing, and shipping accuracy with USPS ZIP+4 data enrichment, lat/long location conversion, and built-in place of supply logic Resolve complex scenarios such as districts crossing city boundaries, districts overlapping other districts, and more. Assign the Tax Area ID (TAID) for state, county, city, and district with automated authority assignment for precise tax determination. Empower your business with the freedom to choose Deploy the Vertex solution on-premise for maximum control, leverage the scalability of the cloud, or create a hybrid edge environment that balances cost and flexibility. Our adaptable architecture ensures seamless integration across any deployment method with options in AWS, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, and Microsoft Azure. It is now easier than ever before to deploy a tax solution that meets your specific needs. Leverage edge computing to deploy O Series at the point of transaction. Deploy the O Series tax engine using containers to manage tax calculation at the point of transaction. You'll get the highest availability, improved control over performance, and a streamlined tax technology landscape. Learn all about it here. Connect Vertex to multiple financial systems. Integrate a single Vertex tax engine with all your transaction systems – ERP, procurement, e-commerce, and other billing systems – to automate tax, create consistency, and reduce risk across your business. Leverage the rich data in your transaction systems to improve tax accuracy. Gain real-time insights with built-in tax analytic dashboards. Analytics to to enable proactive data governance including transaction and nexus threshold tracking, configuration and  rate change monitoring, and audit risk notifications to optimize the power of O Series and transaction insight. (Supports SUT/CUT transactions only.) Learn all about it here . Support business growth using your tax engine data. Utilize standard reports and data extracts to support compliance, audit, and reconciliations. Stay ahead of changes with the latest tax rules and rates. Continually updated tax rules and rates for 19,000 jurisdictions around the world keep your sales, use, and value added tax calculations accurate and reduce audit risk. Plus, global, cross industry content for extractors, manufacturers, wholesalers, distributors, resellers, financiers, service providers, builders and premium content for leasing , telco , healthcare & science , hospitality , oil & gas and more. License the content you need today, and add content as your business grows. Benefit from a powerful and customizable calculation engine. Set up your Vertex tax engine to fit your unique business needs. Custom taxability setup for your company’s unique structure and tax policy including taxability rules and exceptions. Gain confidence for even the most complex transactions, simplified through automation. 6.0% 8.0% Improve U.S. jurisdiction assignment with integrated address cleansing. Improve tax, invoicing, and shipping accuracy with USPS ZIP+4 data enrichment, lat/long location conversion, and built-in place of supply logic Resolve complex scenarios such as districts crossing city boundaries, districts overlapping other districts, and more. Assign the Tax Area ID (TAID) for state, county, city, and district with automated authority assignment for precise tax determination. Empower your business with the freedom to choose Deploy the Vertex solution on-premise for maximum control, leverage the scalability of the cloud, or create a hybrid edge environment that balances cost and flexibility. Our adaptable architecture ensures seamless integration across any deployment method with options in AWS, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, and Microsoft Azure. It is now easier than ever before to deploy a tax solution that meets your specific needs. Leverage edge computing to deploy O Series at the point of transaction. Deploy the O Series tax engine using containers to manage tax calculation at the point of transaction. You'll get the highest availability, improved control over performance, and a streamlined tax technology landscape. Learn all about it here. Connect Vertex to multiple financial systems. Integrate a single Vertex tax engine with all your transaction systems – ERP, procurement, e-commerce, and other billing systems – to automate tax, create consistency, and reduce risk across your business. Leverage the rich data in your transaction systems to improve tax accuracy. Gain real-time insights with built-in tax analytic dashboards. Analytics to to enable proactive data governance including transaction and nexus threshold tracking, configuration and  rate change monitoring, and audit risk notifications to optimize the power of O Series and transaction insight. (Supports SUT/CUT transactions only.) Learn all about it here . Support business growth using your tax engine data. Utilize standard reports and data extracts to support compliance, audit, and reconciliations. Introducing AI-powered Vertex Copilot! Ask context-driven questions, get relevant answers without leaving your workflow. Learn more PRODUCT SHEETS Discover more about Vertex O Series Data Sheet Product Details: Vertex O Series DOWNLOAD PDF Data Sheet Product Details: Vertex O Series Edge DOWNLOAD PDF Data Sheet Deploy the Vertex Tax Engine on Microsoft Azure Download PDF Video Product Video: Vertex O Series Edge WATCH NOW Data Sheet Vertex O Series for Brazil Download PDF Data Sheet End-to-End Sales & Use Tax Solution Download Now Patagonia creates a seamless customer experience VIEW STORY Created a true omnichannel experience for customers, with consistent tax treatment across selling channels Integrated centralized tax automation across its e-commerce, wholesale, and retail systems Reduced the burden on Tax and IT teams by eliminating tedious manual work related to tax VIEW STORY Unlocking the Benefits of a Cloud-based Third-Party Tax Engine Users of cloud-based systems find it easier to consistently implement indirect tax compliance across their organization. Cloud-based tax engines, such as Vertex O Series, also support business growth by reducing the IT footprint and labor required to maintain tax functions. Decision-makers are drawn to established tax solution providers with a strong industry reputation like Vertex. Related products & services Vertex O Series Edge Calculate tax at the point of transaction using edge computing. Read More Vertex Express Returns Add auto-generated returns to your O Series Cloud calc engine for a seamless end-to-end sales tax solution. Read More Vertex Indirect Tax Returns – North America Produce automated, signature-ready returns for sales tax, use tax, and value added tax. Read More Vertex Sales & Use Tax Compliance Service Increase efficiency for your business by outsourcing the sales and use tax returns process. Read More Vertex Certificate Center Streamlined exemption certificate management to improve compliance and audit performance. Read More Dive into our thought leadership View more resources We've got the indirect tax solution for you. Interested in viewing Vertex O Series in action? Let us walk you through it in real time and show you how we adapt to fit your business. Book a 1-to-1 demo so we can speak in terms of your tax needs. First Name Last Name Job Level Select Job Level C-Suite VP Director Manager Individual Contributor Functional Role Select Functional Role Accounting Customer Service E-Commerce Engineering / Development Finance Human Resources IT Marketing Other Procurement / Purchasing Sales / Business Development Tax Technical Support Company Phone (Optional) Company Email Primary App/Tech Provider Select Primary ERP Platform Microsoft Dynamics 365 NetSuite Oracle Salesforce SAP Workday Other ERP provider Other Solution Country Select Country… United States Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory,Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe State Select State… Alaska Alabama Arkansas Arizona California Colorado Connecticut District of Columbia Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Virginia Vermont Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland and Labrador Nova Scotia Northwest Territories Nunavat Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Other Yes, I understand and accept the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy and consent to my information being used as above. Leave this field blank Solutions Partners Resources Company Investors Solutions By Tax Process Tax Determination Data & Insight Compliance & Reporting Document Management Solutions By Tax Type Sales & Use Tax Value Added Tax Consumer Use Tax Communications Services Tax Lease Tax Lodging and Occupancy Tax Payroll Tax Solutions By Integration ERP E-Commerce Procurement Point of Sale (POS) Subscription Billing Support Tax Software Training Vertex Customer Support Vertex Community Login Vertex Cloud Login Sign up for our Vertex Pulse Newsletter Get the latest news in tax & technology insights from Vertex. Email Address Yes, I understand and accept the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy and consent to my information being used as above. Leave this field blank Connect With Us Contact Us Like Vertex, Inc. on Facebook Follow Vertex, Inc. on X Connect with Vertex, Inc. on LinkedIn Watch Vertex, Inc. Videos on YouTube Follow Vertex, Inc. on Instagram North America (800) 355-3500 Europe +44 (0) 20 3906 7630 Global Directory English (US) English (UK) Deutsch (DE) Português (BR) Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Accessibility Cookie Policy Modern Slavery Act Copyright ©
                        2025
                         Vertex, Inc. All rights reserved. We've got the indirect tax solution for you. Interested in viewing Vertex O Series in action? Let us walk you through it in real time and show you how we adapt to fit your business. Book a 1-to-1 demo. CALL US (800) 355-3500 Yes, I want a demo! First Name Last Name Job Level Select Job Level C-Suite VP Director Manager Individual Contributor Functional Role Select Functional Role Accounting Customer Service E-Commerce Engineering / Development Finance Human Resources IT Marketing Other Procurement / Purchasing Sales / Business Development Tax Technical Support Company Phone (Optional) Company Email Primary App/Tech Provider Select Primary ERP Platform Microsoft Dynamics 365 NetSuite Oracle Salesforce SAP Workday Other ERP provider Other Solution Country Select Country… United States Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory,Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe State Select State… Alaska Alabama Arkansas Arizona California Colorado Connecticut District of Columbia Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Virginia Vermont Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland and Labrador Nova Scotia Northwest Territories Nunavat Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Other Yes, I understand and accept the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy and consent to my information being used as above. Leave this field blank