This game is available only for registered users
Get bonus
Pharaoh’s Fortune Slot
Real Money Pokies
Real Money Casino
Free Pokies 
Lightning Link Pokie
Indian Dreaming Slot
Queen of the Nile Pokie
Top Online Casinos 
Bovegas Casino
Two-Up Casino
Syndicate Casino
Wins now
Vera*
1 514 $
Pharaons Gold III
Sarah*
939 $
Ramses Book
Richa*
1 385 $
Sphinx
Franc*
700 $
Magic Stone
Donal*
644 $
Lightning Link Pokie
Aaron*
2 634 $
Indian Dreaming Slot
Mathe*
1 589 $
Book of Ra Deluxe
Dorot*
1 150 $
Queen of the Nile Pokie
Franc*
2 943 $
Queen Of The Nile
Charl*
2 430 $
Eye Of Horus
Lee*
2 882 $
Ramses 2
Susan*
1 511 $
Pharaos Riches
Felic*
1 171 $
Book of Ra
Amy*
2 808 $
Pharaohs Slot
Willi*
2 217 $
Leprechaun Goes Egypt
Debbi*
2 000 $
Pharaoh's Fortune
Debor*
2 421 $
Book of Dead
Pharaoh’s Fortune Slot Review – Pharaoh’s Fortune Pokies Real Money

Developed by IGT, the pharaoh's fortune slots real money unites ancient styles with new technologies to take players through a magical world. This is a 5-reel, 15-payline slot game that carries similar features to the land-based version. It’s entertaining and is popular for keeping players engaged with the anticipated bonus round.

Despite a few quirks in the bonus round, it’s straightforward to play the Pharaohs slot. You can enjoy the game online for free or for money. Players can wager from $1.5 to $90, making this ideal for different categories of people. Before you get started for real money, it’s advisable to play the free version, which allows you to familiarize yourself with the slot’s environment.

IGT transports you back 5000 years to the land of Cleopatra and Tutankhamen through this incredible game. But instead of the sweltering sun around the pyramids, the goddess of wealth brings you good fortune.

Pharaohs Slot
 Play for money
Software
IGT
Slot type
Video Slot
Year launched
2006
Theme
Egypt
Rtp
95%
Mobile-friendly
No
Bonus game
Yes
Free spins
Yes
Progressive jackpot
No
Multiplier
Yes
Gamble
No
Wild symbol
No
Scatter symbol
No
Autoplay option
No
Paylines type
Fixed
Reels
5
Rows
3
Paylines
15
Lines pay
Left To Right
Both ways
No
Min coin value per line
0.01
Max coin value per line
10
Min bet level
1
Max bet level
1
Min
$0.10
Max
$100
Maximum win
10000
Play for money
Pharaohs Fortune Special Features

The key features in the Pharaoh’s Fortune slot are in the free spins round. You will experience the special features when you are awarded the first 3 free spins. After this round, you will be ushered into an additional screen with the Pharaoh’s tomb, including 30 stone nameplates. You should choose one randomly for extra free spins. Your free spins are available immediately after selecting the nameplate. It signals the opening of a new round. Your bet will stay constant in the free spins round, which means you retain the amount you set earlier. These features make it possible to unlock incredible prizes.

Play Pharaohs Fortune Real Money

You can play Pharaohs Fortune online for money or free. This game was designed for gambling, so if you love to throw in a few dollars, it could be a good idea. Every detail highlights the slot's spirit and allows you to explore a magical world in the game. Many players go into gambling with a target to take a win at the end of the game.

This creates the question of how one can win when playing this slot game. The most recommended option is to go for the free spins round, which raises your chances of hitting the target. There are several symbols you need to stand a chance to win big prizes:

Wild Symbol (ancient pyramids) – This helps you fill empty spaces with the correct combinations. It substitutes other symbols and allows you to create the right combination to win incredible prizes.
The Bug – There’s a symbol of an ancient bug, which forms winning combinations. Getting two to five of these symbols anywhere on the reels creates an opportunity to get a 5x to 10x Pharaoh Fortune payout. Play Pharaohs Fortune slots free online to learn about these symbols and the game's rules.
Pharaoh’s mask – Triggers free spins when you get three of a kind on a payline.
Free Spins Bonus Feature

To trigger the free spins round in Pharaohs Fortune online slot, you need to land 3 Pharaoh’s mask symbols on a payline. The game awards you with an initial tally of 3 spins, which offer a 1x multiplier with plenty of opportunities for your haul. Before this feature is activated, you are given 30 secret panels from which you can choose.

These panels can award you extra spins, start the feature, or trigger multipliers. If you choose a board that does not start the free spins feature, you can pick again. When you finally start the feature, the game allows you to play the free spins with an accumulated multiplier. You can start with up to 25 free spins and a 6x multiplier.

During the free spins, the action happens on new reels, including 20 paylines instead of the 15 available in the base game. This offers you an additional 5 paylines, increasing your winning potential. Pay attention to the different symbols and paytables you will find in the free spins. The most rewarding symbol in this round is the wild. Landing 5 wilds on a payline can trigger a payday of 500x your stake. Filling the reels with wilds gives you a 10000x stake win.

Each free spin offers at least 3x your stake. And if you see the Pharaoh on the first, second, and third reels, you will get a retrigger. This means you will then get the same amount of free spins as the ones you triggered initially. You can retrigger the feature several times, up to 999 free spins.

Pharaohs Fortune Video Slot Symbols

Every player wants to know how a slot works before they go in for money. Learn about Pharaoh’s Fortune symbols and their meaning before you get started. Knowing what each symbol does helps you understand which combination awards profit.

Most of the game's symbols are traditional, so seasoned players who love games themed around Egypt will recognize most of them. This means if you had an experience with similar games from IGT, you could easily learn about each of these symbols.

Main symbols to look out for in the slot include an Owl, Snake, Dog and Ankh, Lady Sticks, Eye of Horus, Sun God, Pyramid, Horus, Chariot with Horse, Scarab, and Kind and Queen.

How to Play Pharaohs Fortune Slot Game

Before you get started with pharaoh fortune Android, you need to set your bet. Adjust the coin size, which ranges from 0.25 and runs up to 5. Also, adjust the bet per line, which offers coin values between 1 and 3. The maximum wager is set at 15 coins.

With all of these parameters set, you just need to hit the SPIN button to roll the reels. The maximum wager takes 15 coins. The slot offers a maximum payout of 2500 coins, but to acquire this prize, you must get three Pharaoh’s mask symbols on a payline with a wager of 3 coins on that line.

If you want to roll the reels automatically, you can use the Autoplay feature, which allows you to set automatic spins. Some versions of the game also offer an Autoplay feature that does not allow you to set the number of spins, so you need to hit the “STOP” button.

While there is no mobile app for the game, it’s accessible on all devices, including mobile devices. You can choose to enjoy for real money or play the pharaoh fortune real money. No registration or download is necessary for Pharaohs Fortune free play.

Variance and RTP

Variance (volatility) is a parameter through which you can estimate the slot’s payment frequency and amount. Slots can be categorized as either low volatility or high volatility. Low volatility slots offer more frequent payoffs with small amounts, but the risk is lower. On the other hand, high-volatility slots offer larger payouts less often, but the risk is higher.

When you play the free slots Pharaohs Fortune, you get a 95.93% RTP, which classifies this game in the medium volatility category.

Conclusion

The Pharaohs Fortune real money slot stands out because of its free spins bonus round and interactive features. Also, the game offers incredible background music similar to rock with an occasional bell that rings for hitting a winning combination. The game is entertaining and offers awesome prizes, so play Pharaohs Fortune online free to get started with a fantastic experience.

The Most Popular Casinos
4.8 /5
Bovegas Casino is a well-designed and operated online gambling platform that accepts Aussies. The casino is home to top games from one of the industry’s leading software makers...
400% up to $4,000
To casino T&C Applies
Review
4.7 /5
Syndicate Casino is dedicated to serving players from Australia. And as a result of this, everything that it offers is tailored to Australians. The casino offers a wide array of Aussie-favourite pokies from the leading software makers in the online gambling world...
€1000 + 200 Free Spins
To casino T&C Applies
Review
4.6 /5
Two-Up Casino is a relatively new online gambling platform that accepts Aussies. The casino was established in the year 2025, and since then, it has been enjoying a huge fan base from Australia...
250% Pokies Match
To casino T&C Applies
Review
View All
Play For Money
Screenshots and Video
 

Pharaohs Slot

Our Recommended Free Online Pokies
Play game Pharaoh's Fortune
Play game Leprechaun Goes Egypt
Play game Ramses Book
Play game Pharaos Riches
Last news
Golden Sphinx
20.11.2024
Read More
Queen of the Nile 2
13.05.2021
Read More
John Lincoln
Chief editor
All Author’s Posts
Casino Floor Staff at veryluckypharaoh.com
05.05.2021
4.6 /5
5 4 3 2 1
162
Category: Best Free Pokies
Pharaoh’s Fortune Slot
Pokies for Real Money
Casinos for Real Money
Top Online Casinos
Free Online Pokies
Authors
Contact us
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookies Policy
Responsible Gambling
veryluckypharaoh.com © 2025
Play For Real Money