Vesta Control Panel Vesta 2.0 is coming soon! See our progress update. Learn more → Dismiss X Features Install Pricing Sponsors Docs Forum Contact Get Started Get started Simple Hosting Control Panel Vesta is an open source Hosting Control Panel that is free to
								use under GPLv3. It provides an easy to use control panel that
								allows the management of websites, DNS, mail, backups, and more! Get Started Works with your favorite stack Fast 1 Ultra Fast Web Interface And its even faster with keyboard shortcuts 2 Simple installation from a single command: Support for most Linux distributions is coming soon 3 Efficient with Low Resource Usage Serve 10,000 users per day on a 512MB VPS Internationalization Web interface is adapted to 26 languages and regions around the world. Get started Secure 1 Firewall Built in firewall resolves all common issues. It’s packed with enterprise-class features such as smart filters for various services (apache, exim, ssh, etc) in order to ban any host IP address that makes too many login attempts. 2 Linux Passwords Our password implementation relies on the Linux PAM authentication mechanism which employs sha512 hashing algorithm, to provide unique and secure passwords. 3 Open Source You can always inspect the code and make sure it's backdoor free and has no spying modules. Open source means you can modify the code yourself if you need to. Monitoring & logging Built-in web site analytics systems that provide whole range of visitors information such as:
							Unique visitors, Number of visits, Pages, Hits, Countries, Visits duration, Operating Systems, Browsers, and more! Get Started Backups 1 Data loss prevention You can manage backups the way you want to. You can exclude some files or directories or specific account or even domains. 2 Backup Schedules Number of copies or backup frequency can be easily changed. By default you get 3 backups created by cron job at night. 3 External FTP backups You can enable backup upload by ftp to external servers. S3 and bucket compatibility coming soon! CLI interface Like to work in terminal? Vesta gives you full control at your fingertips. Get started 25000 Vesta installs every month 500000 Servers running Vesta Start working with Vesta Experiment and grow your development or hosting business Get Started Features Install Pricing Sponsors Docs Forum Licencing: The GNU General Public Licence is a free, copyleft licence for software and other kinds of works. Its free to change, modify and redistribute source code. Source code: http://github.com/outroll/vesta For hosters: We have special licensing options for hosting companies, just contact us to chat. info@vestacp.com info@vestacp.com Copyright © 2014-2024 Vesta™ Control Panel. All rights reserved.