Global Leader in Sustainable Energy | Vestas Energy Solutions Investor Media Careers About Sustainability Customer Portals ShopVestas VestasOnline Choose your site Global Global Germany DE China CN Japan JP United States US Canada CA Energy Solutions Energy Solutions Onshore Wind Turbines Onshore Wind Turbines EnVentus™ Platform 4 MW Platform 2 MW Platform Offshore Wind Turbines Offshore Wind Turbines V236-15.0 MW™ Service Services Maintenance Parts & Repair Digital Services Fleet Optimisation Development Investor Investor Share and Capital structure Share Information Funding and Rating Information Equity Analysts and Consensus Announcements Announcements Rules of Disclosure Wind Turbine Orders Reports and Presentations Financial Reports Financial Outlook ESG Related Presentations General Meetings Calendar and Events The IR Team Information på dansk Media Media Company News Press Office Vestas Blog Social Media Images Videos Careers Job Openings Your Career at Vestas Explore Life at Vestas Career Directions Office Field Operations Production Facility Your Development Our Recruitment Process Early Careers Early Careers Vestas Graduate Programme Vestas Graduate Programme Areas of Interest Graduate Recruitment Process Graduate Programme Podcast Apprentice- and Traineeships Student Jobs and Internships Project Collaboration About This is Vestas Who we are Our History Our Values Our Capabilities Our Governance Governance Model Governance Principles Board of Directors Our Management Our Partners Customers Suppliers Partnerships Partnerships Our University Partnerships Funded Projects Digital Procurement Our Policy Recommendations Our Policy Recommendations Climate Crisis From Cost to Value Offshore Auctions Permitting Sustainable Energy Transition Contact Find Vestas Sales and Service Production Research Vestas Ventures Sustainability Sustainability Product Offerings Sustainability Product Offerings Low-Emission Steel Blade Circularity Sustainability Strategy Reports & Ratings Policies Environment Environment Carbon Footprint Zero-waste Life Cycle Assessments Energy Payback Materials and Rare Earths Managing Chemicals California AB 1305 disclosure Social Human Rights Safety Corporate Social Responsibility Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging Corporate Integrity Compliance Report to EthicsLine Supplier Sustainability EU Taxonomy Delivering the world’s landmark wind projects At Vestas, we are delivering projects that will define the future of energy. Read more about it here. Q3 2025 Results Quarterly revenue of EUR 5.3bn with an EBIT margin before special items of 7.8 percent. Order intake of EUR 4.6bn and combined order backlog of EUR 68.2bn. Full-year guidance narrowed. Read more here. 30 years in offshore In 1995 we commissioned our first offshore wind farm, Tunø Knob. It is today the oldest offshore wind farm still in operation. Learn more about our offshore capabilities here. 1 2 3 The global leader in sustainable energy solutions We're on a mission to transform the global energy system. With a dedicated team of 30,000 employees, we work every day to shape a more sustainable future by designing, installing, and maintaining wind energy projects worldwide. We believe wind power will form the backbone of tomorrow’s energy system. That's why we're steadfast in our commitment to solutions that drive the vital transition to renewable energy, with wind at the core. Our sustainable energy solutions Onshore wind turbines We lead the onshore wind market with over 40 years of expertise, specialising in wind turbine design and development. Explore our onshore wind turbine solutions Offshore wind turbines We have an unrivalled track record of making wind work at sea, bringing offshore wind to life in even the most challenging environments. Explore our offshore wind turbine solutions Service We maintain the world's largest wind turbine fleet, spanning over 56,000 turbines across 71 countries. Explore our service solutions Development We turn renewable energy visions into reality by developing high-quality renewable energy projects with value. Explore our project development solutions What makes a technology leader? For decades, the wind industry has measured progress in terms of newer, larger turbines. But as the global leader in sustainable energy solutions, we know that true innovation goes beyond size. It lies in creating the technology of tomorrow: scalable, reliable, and sustainable energy solutions that can deliver high and consistent value for customers and society for many years to come. Discover more here The latest news from Vestas See all Press Release Vestas signs orders for a total of 183 MW with a single customer in Southern Europe 15:25 - 31 Dec 2025 Press Release Vestas adds 574 MW to Q4 order intake 09:57 - 31 Dec 2025 Press Release Vestas announces 288 MW order in Australia 09:37 - 31 Dec 2025 Our annual report 2024 Find it here A legacy rooted in wind energy Total Vestas installed base +196 GW Total combined capacity under service 159 GW Countries with installed wind turbines 88 The most sustainable energy solutions company In an era defined by the climate crisis, our commitment to sustainability isn’t a choice – it’s an imperative. That’s why we’re determined to integrate sustainability into everything we do. We’re proud to have been ranked the most sustainable energy solutions company in the world and #3 overall by Corporate Knights Global 100. Being among the top three for four consecutive years underlines our continued commitment to sustainability. Vestas Sustainability Statement 2024 (p. 51 onwards) Circular blades for wind turbines Zero waste wind turbines Low-emission steel for wind turbine towers Purposeful work with the sustainable energy leader Want to join a growing team of over 30,000 people working together to revolutionise our global energy system? We’re always on the lookout for innovative minds and creative thinkers, with exciting opportunities available all over the globe. Join us Subscribe to our newsletter Sign up to receive regular updates or insights on topics such as sustainability, technology, energy transition or our solutions. Insights The Vestas blog Learn more about sustainability, technology, energy transition, markets or one of our other blog topics. Swipe below to explore and see all topics of the Vestas Blog. The Vestas blog Connect with us Vestas Wind Systems A/S Hedeager 42 8200 Aarhus N, Denmark +45 97 30 00 00 Company reg. no. 10403782 Contact us CONTACT Find Vestas The IR Team Press Office Suppliers ENERGY SOLUTIONS Onshore Wind Turbines Offshore Wind Turbines Service Development ABOUT This is Vestas Our Values Report to EthicsLine NEWS Media Vestas Blog Social Media Current share price See financial report ©Vestas 2025 All rights reserved Data Privacy Site Disclaimer Wind. It means the world to us.™