Veterans United Home Loans | #1 VA Lender for Homebuyers Skip to Content Mortgage Research Center, LLC – NMLS #1907 . VA-approved lender. Not affiliated with any government agency. VA Home Loans Eligibility Education Reviews 1-800-884-5560 Sign In Apply Now Enter to win $100,000 toward your new home! No purchase necessary. See official rules for details. Enter To Win See why we’re rated 5-stars! 4.8 out of 5 Average Customer Satisfaction Rating 448,388 reviews from Veterans like you… and counting! Read our reviews 554 new reviews submitted this week! We’ll make it easy. You make it home. We’ve streamlined VA homebuying —
                        so you can buy your first or fifth home with confidence. VA Loan Requirements See if you meet the requirements to use your cost-saving benefits
                                    in 2025. Check your eligibility Buy with $0 Down Skip the down payment with your hard-earned VA Loan benefits. More VA Loan benefits VA Loan Calculator Estimate a monthly mortgage payment that fits your budget including taxes and insurance. Calculate mortgage payment Today’s VA Loan Rates See the latest available VA Loan interest rates and lock yours in today. Find your rate First-Time Homebuyers Find out why VA Loans are ideal for Veterans and military families buying their first home. How it works Start Your Quote Join the thousands of Veterans who start their homeownership journey right here every day. Get your quote Home again, home again, jiggity jig! From the first phone call, through showing up at our new home, the team at Veterans United had our backs and helped us finally achieve our dream of having a place to call our own! Christina E. | U.S. Army Verified Customer Buying my first home was a breeze! The pros at Veterans United were knowledgeable, helpful and always willing to answer questions. They were all a pleasure to work with and I'd gladly recommend them to anyone. Gabrial H. | U.S. Marine Corps Verified Customer BOOYAKACHA! We’re home! Working with Veterans United was easy from top to bottom. We handled our end and our loan squad took care of everything else. Buying our home turned out cooler than a polar bear's toenails! Oden R. | U.S. Air Force Verified Customer A+ service and 100% satisfaction! We would not have been able to work through the process of buying a new house without the Veterans United team. Everyone there really understands what it means to be in a military family. Cheyenne R. | U.S. Army Verified Customer Estimate how much home you can afford Get a snapshot of your homebuying power based on your income and expenses. Estimates shown are for illustrative purposes only and use market average
                    interest rates, insurance and taxes with a 30-year term.
                    To receive a personalized mortgage payment quote, start your quote online . Get the most from your benefits and budget Find out why VA Loans are ideal for Veterans and military families. Jose Y. | U.S. Army 5-Star Review! VA Loans 0% Down No PMI Competitive Rates Easier to Qualify VA home loans offer lifetime value. Your hard-earned benefit can be used
                        over and over again. See how much you can save with the lowest average
                        interest rate when compared to USDA, FHA, and Conventional Loans. Get your VA home loan quote today my VeteransUnited ® is your home base for all things home Stay Up to Date Get alerts on your loan progress and potential savings. Skip the Paper Upload and sign documents instantly from your phone. Manage Payments Securely and easily pay bills and track payments. Download the App Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC. App Store® and the Apple logo® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. Download the App Gather good intel Let's talk VA Loans. Our experts break down everything from homebuying 101 to selling your house fast. Guide to VA Homebuying How to Get a Second VA Loan Homeowners Selling a House with a VA Mortgage Guide to VA Homebuying How to Use Your 2026 BAH for a VA Loan More Homebuying Tips & Education Call for 24/7 Backup — Day or Night 1-800-884-5560 Get a Quote For help, questions or to see what you qualify for, give us a call! Search Search VA Home Loans VA Loan Overview VA Loan Eligibility VA Loan Benefits VA Loan Rates First-Time Homebuyers VA Jumbo Loans VA Loan Process VA Refinancing VA Loan Refinancing Overview Streamline (IRRRL) Refinancing Cash-Out Refinancing Additional Services Veterans United Realty Veterans United Insurance Credit Building Education VA Homebuying Course Calculators & Tools VA Loan Book VA Mortgage Calculator VA Affordability Calculator VA Loan Funding Fee Calculator VA Loan Limit Calculator About Veterans United About the Company Our Values Newsroom Military Advisors Branch Partnerships Careers Customer Support Contact Us Community Reviews Local Markets Homeowner Community Veterans United Foundation EnhanceLives.com Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on X, formerly Twitter Follow us on YouTube Home Site Map Privacy & Security Terms of Use Licenses Disclaimer Fair Lending Copyright Accessibility Statement Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Help Contact Us Sign In Copyright © 2025 Mortgage Research Center, LLC. All Rights Reserved. NMLS ID #1907 ( www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org ) † #1 VA Lender: Veterans United Home Loans provided more VA Home Loans by volume than any other lender as of Oct. 2025. Top VA Purchase Lender each Fiscal Year between 2016-2025. Source: Department of Veterans Affairs Lender Statistics Homeowners should understand that refinancing may result in higher finance charges over the life of the loan. A VA approved lender; Not endorsed or sponsored by the Dept. of Veterans Affairs or any government agency. Licensed in all 50 states .
        Customers with questions regarding our loan officers and their licensing may visit the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System & Directory for more information. 1400 Forum Blvd. Ste. 18 , Columbia , MO 65203 Equal Housing Lender Veterans United Home Loans Customer Reviews 4.8 / 5 See all 448,388 reviews We Use Cookies and Pixels This website uses cookies, pixels, and similar tracking technologies to improve site functionality,
    as well as for analytics and advertising.
    By continuing, you agree to our use of cookies, pixels, and similar tracking technologies.
    Learn more about our use of tracking technologies in our privacy policy . I Understand Cookies and Related Technologies Notice of Right to Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing Your Privacy Choices You can always choose to opt out of us sharing your name, email address, or other personal information with third parties for advertising purposes. Submit a Request → Cookie Preferences Cookies are small text files that store bits of information (such as usernames or preferences) to help recognize your device. We use cookies to keep our site running properly and to enhance your experience. You can manage your cookie preferences at any time, including turning off advertising cookies. Please note that disabling some cookies may impact your experience on the site. Essential cookies, which are necessary for basic site functions, cannot be turned off. For more details, please see our Privacy Policy . Essential Cookies These are required for the website to work correctly. They support core features like secure login and saving your progress through forms or applications. Advertising Cookies These cookies may share data with advertising partners in order to: Better understand your interests Deliver more relevant ads Enable social sharing features Allow comment functionality on our site Close Modal