SKIP NAVIGATION
TiVo for Consumer
SOLUTIONS
EXPAND MENU
Advertisers & AdTech
Operators
Content Solutions
Smart TV
Connected Car
ABOUT US
EXPAND MENU
About Us
Customers
CONTACT US
SEARCH
Want to receive the latest TiVo product updates, events and news you can use? Sign Up Today
Close Alert
Find. Watch. Enjoy.
TiVo brings entertainment together in a way that’s simple to access, joyful to watch and easy to monetize.
LEARN MORE
The TiVo Difference
Iconic, intuitive design.

Our highly engaging, visually-rich user interface is designed to drive customer satisfaction and reduce churn.

Quality, flexibility and neutrality.

Technology-agnostic solutions, flexible APIs and unparalleled data speed time to market and optimize business initiatives.

An engaged, passionate audience.

We connect content creators and advertisers to TiVo-branded device users consuming video ~5 billion hours a year.

At the center of the ecosystem.

TiVo serves content creators, pay-TV and streaming providers, device manufacturers, retailers, advertisers and consumers.

In the News

PRESS RELEASE

Xperi and TiVo to Combine, Creating a Leader in Consumer & Entertainment Technology and IP Licensing
READ MORE

BLOG

You might actually want a TiVo TV someday | TiVo’s smart TV platform aims to make sense of streaming
READ MORE

BLOG POST

TiVo Adds New Content Partners to TiVo+
READ MORE
Get Help
Support
Featured Sites
Blog
Video Metadata API
Connect
Contact Us
Facebook
X
Linkedin
Sitemap
Safety & Compliance
Legal
Privacy
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Cookies

©2025 Xperi Inc.  All Rights Reserved.  Xperi®, TiVo®, TiVo+, TiVo OS, TiVo Stream 4K, TiVo EDGE, TiVo Mini LUX, the TiVo logo, and the TiVo silhouette logo and their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Xperi Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks and content are the property of their respective owners.

Company Investors Careers Locations
This site uses cookies and similar technologies to process personal data about your visit to our site, such as browsing data and device identifiers. If you agree to this processing, please select “Accept All Cookies.” Select “Reject All” if you do not want us to use cookies, other than those necessary for the site to function. To learn more about the types of cookies we use, and to make choices about specific categories of cookies, click cookie settings.
Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies