VF Corporation (VFC) Linkedin Facebook Youtube Home Company Overview Company History Global Leadership Team Board of Directors Inclusion, Diversity, Equity & Action Government Affairs Brands Overview Vans The North Face Timberland Altra Eastpak icebreaker JanSport Kipling Napapijri Smartwool Responsibility People ○ Human Rights ○ Worker Rights ○ Worker Wellbeing Planet ○ Climate ○ Energy ○ Materials ○ Water Product ○ Circularity ○ Chemistry ○ Traceability Governance ○ Stakeholder Engagement ○ Reporting & Data ○ Policies & Standards ○ Ethics & Compliance ○ Factory List The VF Foundation News Latest News Featured Stories Press Releases Media Assets Investors Overview Financial Info News / Events / Presentations Stock Info Shareholder Services Governance Careers Benefits Equal Opportunity Employer Applicants with Disabilities Inclusion, Diversity, Equity and Action Contact Search Giving Tuesday: Meet the VF Foundation’s 2025 Grantees In honor of Giving Tuesday, we’re proud to spotlight the VF Foundation’s latest impact - nearly $3 million granted to 37 organizations around the world in partnership with VF’s people and brands.… Read More Previous slide Next slide The North Face Opens New Fifth Avenue Flagship Store in Manhattan The North Face’s State of the Art Store Features Immersive 21,000 Square-Foot Space Designed to Bring the Outdoors Inside
The North Face, the world’s leading outdoor brand, announced the opening of its new flagship… Read More Previous slide Next slide Bracken Darrell Joins "How Leaders Lead" Podcast with David Novak VF Corporation CEO, Bracken Darrell, joined How Leaders Lead with David Novak to share the strange habit that keeps his thinking fresh, the one thing every iconic brand has in common and how he builds products,… Read More Previous slide Next slide Latest News Previous slide Next slide Nov 12, 2025 VF Corporation Completes Sale of Dickies® to Bluestar Alliance Read More VF Corporation Completes Sale of Dickies® to Bluestar Alliance Oct 28, 2025 VF Corporation Releases Second Quarter Fiscal 2026 Financial Results Read More VF Corporation Releases Second Quarter Fiscal 2026 Financial Results Oct 07, 2025 VF Corporation Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2026 Earnings and Conference Call Date Read More VF Corporation Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2026 Earnings and Conference Call Date Oct 07, 2025 Building on Progress: VF Corporation’s FY25 Environmental and Social Responsibility Report Shares VF Sustainability and Social Impact Read More Building on Progress: VF Corporation’s FY25 Environmental and Social Responsibility Report Shares VF Sustainability and Social Impact Sep 17, 2025 VF Corporation Announces Participation at the Wells Fargo 8th Annual Consumer Conference Read More VF Corporation Announces Participation at the Wells Fargo 8th Annual Consumer Conference Sep 15, 2025 VF Corporation to Sell Dickies® to Bluestar Alliance Read More VF Corporation to Sell Dickies® to Bluestar Alliance Aug 28, 2025 VF Corporation Employees Mobilize in North Carolina for Trail and Waterway Restoration Impacted by Hurricane Helene Read More VF Corporation Employees Mobilize in North Carolina for Trail and Waterway Restoration Impacted by Hurricane Helene Jul 30, 2025 VF Corporation Releases First Quarter Fiscal 2026 Financial Results Read More VF Corporation Releases First Quarter Fiscal 2026 Financial Results Jul 09, 2025 VF Corporation Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2026 Earnings and Conference Call Date Read More VF Corporation Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2026 Earnings and Conference Call Date View All Our family of brands meet consumer needs across a broad spectrum of activities and lifestyles. Our Brands Responsibility We’re working to make a positive impact by changing our business and the industry itself. The choices we make will define our shared future because there’s no limit on the market for making the world a better place or for brands and products that make life better and more sustainable. Investors View Investor Relations Life at VF That Feeling When We want our associates to do the best work of their life. And that starts with a workplace where everyone feels included and supported. An atmosphere where you’re surrounded by people you can trust to share wisdom, sweat the details and have your back when things get tough. And one that allows you to tap into the passion that blurs the line between a career and a calling. View Careers at VF Follow VF Email Alerts Connect with us to receive the latest news about VF and our brands. Sign up today Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices Disclaimer Sitemap Modern Slavery Statement Linkedin Facebook Youtube Market Data copyright © 2025 QuoteMedia . Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated (view delay times for all exchanges). RT =Real-Time, EOD =End of Day, PD =Previous Day. Market Data powered by QuoteMedia . Terms of Use .