The Veterans of Foreign Wars of the U.S. - VFW × Member Login *Please provide a valid email *Please enter your password Forgot username or password? OR Are you a new user? What is ID.me? • Video Tutorials for ID.me Donate Find a Post About Us Our Allies Contact Us FAQ VFW Store Renew Login Join Eligibility Member Benefits Renew VFW Auxiliary Assistance VA Claims & Separation Benefits Financial Grants Student Veteran Support Mental Wellness Advocacy Legislative Priorities National Security & Foreign Affairs Women Veterans Grassroots Efforts VA Health Care Watch Media & Events Latest Releases 2026 VFW Washington Conference Media Room Events VFW Magazine Community Youth & Education Troop Support Still Serving VFW Combat Tested Gaming Local Initiatives Flag Etiquette Donate Your Support Matters Give Now Give Monthly Planned Giving Follow Us Login Find a Post They Need You. The 2025 VFW Year-End Campaign is underway! Especially at this time of year, it’s important that we stand with America’s veterans and show our gratitude for their sacrifice and service. Donate Today We Are Still Serving. What does a life after service look like for the VFW and its members? Take a Look Looking for Claims Help? Accessing your earned VA benefits can be frustrating. When you need additional support, our VFW Accredited Service Officers are here to help - FREE of charge. Contact Us Strengthen the Legacy. The VFW is looking for men and women to stand strong with the more than 1.4 million members of the VFW and its Auxiliary as we continue to fight FOR VETERANS. Join Us Don't Go it Alone. With a wide range of FREE veteran and military family support programs and services, the VFW has you covered so you can focus on your mission and get home safely. How We Help Previous Next ‘It’s Gratifying to Help Veterans’ VFW Life member Yoselin Brice, 53, joined the Air Force in search of opportunity and life experiences. “I wanted to get away from the hectic pace of New York City and my medical research job at Columbia University,” she said. “I was desperately looking for new adventures and to travel the world.” Brice served for six years. After leaving the military in 2004, she spent more... VFW Extends Season's Greetings VFW Applauds Presidential Action Rescheduling Hemp-Derived Products for Treatments Happy Sixth Birthday, Guardians Read more articles... Find A Post Near You The true character of America is measured by her communities. 10 Miles 20 Miles 50 Miles 100 Miles or Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Europe Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Latin America/Caribbean Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pacific Areas Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming What's Your Story? After the military, VFW National Commander Carol Whitmore found a new mission: serving her fellow veterans. Everyone has a "join" story, so use #WhyIJoinedVFW on social to share yours. Honor the Contract By resurrecting this historic design, the VFW is reminding America that failure to care for its veterans is not just neglect, it's betrayal. Get your Honor the Contract shirt today. Claim Your Free Windbreaker Help Veterans Every Month! More and more veterans are turning to the VFW for help. Your monthly gift means we can say “Yes!” to even more who need us. Financial Education for Veterans Main Street, a leading financial education company, is developing a comprehensive national financial education initiative aimed at empowering veterans across the country with ongoing content and resources tailored specifically for veterans and their unique needs. Watch here! Protect Yourself Claim Sharks charge hefty fees to assist veterans with filing their VA benefit claims - this practice is illegal! Click here to learn the tactics and how to protect yourself. PACT Act Questions? With the passing of the PACT Act comes lots of questions, especially if you've had toxic exposure or contact with contaminated water. Contact one of our 2,300+ accredited service reps to discuss your case. Get Income For Life Support our veterans and receive reliable income for life. Learn more about charitable gift annuities today! Previous Next Find Out What's Happening Create an Account Manage your membership and more. Find a VFW Service Officer Let us help you file your VA claim. Volunteer Join our legacy of selfless service. VFW Store Shop and support veterans. FAQs Let us answer your question. Ways to Give Giving back is simple. Join Eligibility Member Benefits Renew VFW Auxiliary Assistance VA Claims & Separation Benefits Financial Grants Student Veteran Support Mental Wellness Advocacy Legislative Priorities National Security & Foreign Affairs Women Veterans Grassroots Efforts VA Health Care Watch Media & Events Latest Releases 2026 VFW Washington Conference Media Room Events VFW Magazine Community Youth & Education Troop Support Still Serving VFW Combat Tested Gaming Local Initiatives Flag Etiquette © 2025 All rights reserved. | ® ™ ℠ Trademarks and service marks of VFW.
                    | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Sitemap | Careers | Contact Us | Our Allies | FAQ | About Us t o p