Victorian Plumbing | Online Bathroom Specialist | Clearance Event. Your browser does not support JavaScript! Skip link Bathroom Planner Ideas & Inspiration Free Catalogue Help Centre Track My Order Cancel My Order Amend My Order Return My Order Refund Query Email VAT Invoice Delivery Information Returns Information FAQ's Contact Us General Enquiry Careers Victorian Plumbing App Trade Account Search product name, code or brand Search Track Order Wish List 0 Checkout Menu Search Search Victorian Plumbing Close Search Wish List Basket 0 Bathrooms Heating Tiles & Floors Kitchens Bathrooms Up To 60% Off Sale Suites Toilets Basins Baths Furniture Showers Shower Enclosures Taps Heating Accessories Brands Offers Inspire Me Order A Catalogue Ideas & Inspiration Bathroom Planner Trade Trade Account Support & Information Help Centre Track My Order Finance Information Customer Reviews Returns Information Visit Our Showroom About Victorian Plumbing FAQs Victoria Plum Customer? Help Track Trade Finance Radiators Towel Radiators Electric Heating Valves & Accessories Underfloor Heating Smart Heating Brands Wall Tiles Floor Tiles Bathroom Tiles Kitchen Tiles Outdoor Tiles Adhesive & Finishing Flooring Wall Panels Kitchen Taps Kitchen Sinks Boiling Water Taps Lighting Brands Featured Strip Free Standard Delivery Over £499 On orders to most of the UK** 0% Finance On orders over £250* UK's Largest Bathroom Retailer Next Day Delivery Available! Rated Excellent Read reviews from our customers Shop By Category Suites Toilets Basins Baths Furniture Showers Shower Enclosures Taps Heating Accessories Tiles Sale Boss Your Bathroom Grey Chatsworth Furniture Shop our most popular range of traditional bathroom furniture in soft grey Centrepieces For Your Bathroom Add a splash of luxury to your bathroom with a freestanding bath tub Modern Bathroom Furniture Pair style with storage - our range of modern bathroom furniture Contemporary Basin Designs Bring a little hotel luxury into the home with these statement basins FREE 3D Planner Tool Plan Your Dream Bathroom In Minutes! VitrA Sale Turn Pipe Dreams Into Dream Pipes. Save Up To 33% This January! Shop By Style Traditional Bathrooms View Products Modern Bathrooms View Products Matt Smith-Wood Collaboration Discover Now Anthracite Radiators View Products Ideas and Inspiration View All Top Tile Trends for 2026 By Jack 17th Dec 2025 5 mins read Brands in Focus: Stonehouse Studio By Oskar 10th Dec 2025 5 mins read Bold and Edgy Black Tiled Bathrooms By Jack 2nd Dec 2025 7 mins read Shop By Brand hansgrohe Burlington Bathrooms Heritage Bathrooms Grohe Chatsworth Mira Showers About Victorian Plumbing Boss Your Bathroom Renovate Your Bathroom Fresh New Look Shopping Made Easy Customer First Thinking About Victorian Plumbing Bathrooms from Victorian Plumbing Victorian Plumbing is the UK's largest bathroom retailer. From our headquarters based in Liverpool, UK, we sell a huge range of modern and traditional bathroom products on our online store as well as in our showroom. We’ve come a long way from our humble beginnings, and we’re now one of the largest bathroom retailers in the UK. Over the last few years, bathrooms have become one of the most important rooms to decorate in the home and now, alongside the ideal kitchen, homeowners are looking to increase the value of their home or simply show off a renovated room to their family and friends. We believe by pairing the right suite with stylish fittings and accessories, your perfect bathroom isn’t too far away. That's why we stock well over 17000 products to help you achieve the look you've always wanted, whether you’re dreaming of a complete bathroom suite or just in need of a few accessories, we have the choice and range for you no matter your style and budget. You can shop our easy to use and informative website, find inspiration on our blog and connect with us on social media for updates, ideas and competitions. If you’re looking for something specific our easy to use search bar at the top of each webpage is the best place to start. We stock 1000's of bathroom products from leading brands, along with showroom favourites and our best-selling own-brand Victorian Plumbing designed range. If you're looking to update other rooms in your home, take a look at our homeware and furniture brand, MFI . Boss Your Bathroom Online Bathroom Specialist We've built an excellent reputation at Victorian Plumbing by knowing what you, the customer, wants. As an online bathroom specialist we know you want bathrooms that are stylish and high quality products, yet real value for money. Our buying team excel in sourcing the best brands and ensuring we get the best designs and styles at the lowest prices. At Victorian Plumbing, we want you to Boss Your Bathroom . So, let’s get you a standing ovation for your renovation by giving you the products and tools to create a designer feel with your transformation. No longer are luxury bathrooms just a distant dream. With our internet prices and the option of next day delivery, you’ll be able to order your bathroom online today and Boss Your Bathroom tomorrow. Renovate Your Bathroom Renovate Your Bathroom with Victorian Plumbing Monday morning are hard enough as it is without having to battle with shoddy showers and temperamental taps. Couple these common problems with an awful avocado suite and you’ve got a recipe for a disastrous start to any week. Many of our bathroom products are guaranteed for 5 - 25 years and, in some cases, full lifetime manufacturer guarantees are supplied. This not only shows you just how confident we are in the quality of the items we sell but it gives you complete peace of mind when purchasing them from us. A new bathroom doesn’t always mean modern and minimal. With our roots in the restoration and sales of replica 19th century, Victorian bathrooms, from the golden days of Queen Victoria and King Edward, it's no surprise we're also specialists in the sale of traditional bathrooms online. We’ve ensured our range of products include items from traditional and contemporary designs, so you can find what best suits you and your family, whether you're looking for classic roll top baths or bold, designer waterfall taps. Fresh New Look Freshen Things Up Sometimes a complete renovation isn't what's needed to create a fresh new look. You can achieve a new appearance and feel to your bathroom simply by adding new accessories and fittings. A new set of bathroom taps, or a new shower is easy to plumb in and will add a new lease of life to the room. We offer a massive range of products to provide a low cost, quick and easy face-lift for all bathrooms, meaning a complete suite isn't the only option anymore. We don't just cater for bathrooms, why not try sprucing up your cloakroom or en suite? These are the new rooms of choice for expressing your design know-how and we’ve got a huge range of small bathroom suites curated by our in house design team, so you’re sure to get a fresh new look. Shopping Made Easy Search and Shop Online We invest heavily into ensuring our buying process from pick to plumb is as easy as possible, and you’ll find the Victorian Plumbing website simple and speedy to use. Looking for a specific item? There are lots of ways to browse bathrooms and order online whether you shop by category or brand. You can use our straightforward menu to browse for the products you need or use the site search feature to quickly find items in our online shop simply enter model numbers or type baths for example for a quick list of results. If at any point you would like help with your selection or order, you can start a live chat with our team of specialists during business hours, which extends right through till 9:00pm on weekdays. Ordering bathroom products is a piece of cake, once we’ve received your order we’ll set to work picking and packing your brand new products. We’ll keep you updated throughout this process and again upon dispatch of your order. Customer First Thinking Putting You First Our success as an online bathroom retailer has always been putting you, the customer, first . As well as making sure we do everything right up until the point of ordering, we excel at making sure the post-ordering experience is as easy as possible. We’ve got a fantastic team of customer service staff dedicated to helping out via our live chat, available from 8am through to 9pm Monday to Friday, 8:30am - 5pm on Saturday and 9:30am - 6pm on Sundays. What are you waiting for? Your new bathroom is just a few clicks away with Victorian Plumbing! Order A FREE Catalogue 89 pages of beautiful bathrooms delivered to your door Order Now Finance Your Purchase Take advantage of our 0% APR finance for 6, 9 or 12 months Order Now Trade Account Get large discounts on bulk orders with a trade account Learn more Free Standard Delivery On orders to UK mainland when you spend over £499** Learn more Footer Stay Connected Sign up to the Victorian Plumbing Mailing List to get special offers, giveaways, discounts and news directly to your inbox. Email address Sign up We won't share your info and you can unsubscribe at any time. Rated Excellent With Over 415k Reviews All of our reviews are verified via independent review site TrustPilot, so you can be assured every comment is from a real customer and their feedback is genuine. Find out more Contact Us Contact Us info@victorianplumbing.co.uk Visit Our Showroom About About About Victorian Plumbing Finance Buying Guides Investor Information Careers MFI Ordering Ordering Delivery Confirm Delivery Terms Track My Order Email VAT Invoice Trade Account Free Catalogue Request Support Support Help Centre FAQ's Returns Information Contact Us Review Policy Terms and Conditions Cookies Privacy Sitemap Modern Slavery Statement © 1999 - 2025 Victorian Plumbing, 1 Sustainability Way, Farington Moss, Leyland, PR26 6TB, United Kingdom is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") (FCA FRN 670199) and acts as a credit intermediary and not a lender, offering credit products provided exclusively by Klarna Financial Services UK Ltd (company number 14290857), which is authorised and regulated by the FCA for carrying out regulated consumer credit activities (firm reference number 987889), and for the provision of payment services and the issuing of electronic money under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 (firm reference number 1021834). Finance is only available to permanent UK residents aged 18+, subject to status, T&Cs apply. Klarna.com/uk/terms-and-conditions Follow us on Facebook Follow us on X Follow us on pinterest Follow us on youtube Follow us on instagram Victorian Plumbing Victorian Plumbing - Norton