We Bury The Dead

Trailer for 'We Bury the Dead' starring Daisy Ridley, Brenton Thwaites, Mark Coles Smith, Matt Whelan, Chloe Hurst

Watch Now
She's Making A List

Trailer for 'She's Making a List' starring Lacey Chabert, Andrew W. Walker, Alessandro Miro, Steve Bacic, Yobdee Marazzi

Watch Now
Marty Supreme (Trailer 2)

Trailer for 'Marty Supreme' starring Timothée Chalamet, Larry 'Ratso' Sloman, Mariann Tepedino, Odessa A'zion, Ralph Colucci

Watch Now
Christmas At The Catnip Cafe

Trailer for 'Christmas at the Catnip Café' starring Paul Campbell, Erin Cahill, Jess Brown, Meganne Young, Ian Collins

Watch Now
A Private Life (US Trailer 1)

Trailer for 'A Private Life' starring Jodie Foster, Daniel Auteuil, Virginie Efira, Mathieu Amalric, Vincent Lacoste

Watch Now
Movies
The Confession
Play Time: 0:02:06

Trailer for 'The Confession' starring Scott Mechlowicz, Vince Eisenson, Ron Fallica, Zachary Golinger, Jay DeVon Johnson

Predators
Play Time: 0:01:27

Trailer for 'Predators' starring Bryce, Chris Hansen, Dani Jayden, David Osit, Shawn Rech

Cold Storage
Play Time: 0:01:55

Trailer for 'Cold Storage' starring Joe Keery, Georgina Campbell, Liam Neeson, Lesley Manville, Sosie Bacon

Hamnet: Heart (Spot)
Play Time: 0:00:30

Trailer for 'Hamnet' starring Jessie Buckley, Paul Mescal, Zac Wishart, James Lintern, Joe Alwyn

The Strangers: Chapter 3 (Teaser Trailer)
Play Time: 0:00:57

Trailer for 'The Strangers: Chapter 3' starring Madelaine Petsch, Richard Brake, Rachel Shenton, Hannah Galway, Stephanie Aubertin

David (Trailer 2)
Play Time: 0:02:23

Trailer for 'David' starring Asim Chaudhry, Brandon Engman, Mick Wingert, Ashley Boettcher, Mark Whitten

Ella McCay: A Star Is Born (Spot)
Play Time: 0:00:30

Trailer for 'Ella McCay' starring Emma Mackey, Jamie Lee Curtis, Woody Harrelson, Ayo Edebiri, Jack Lowden

Just Can't Leave You Alone
Play Time: 0:02:14

Trailer for 'Just Can't Leave You Alone' starring Quasheem D. Herring, Joseph Mason, Queen Gill, Deshawn Spivey, Zakary Taylor

Marty Supreme (NBA Spot)
Play Time: 0:00:30

Trailer for 'Marty Supreme' starring Timothée Chalamet, Larry 'Ratso' Sloman, Mariann Tepedino, Odessa A'zion, Ralph Colucci

Shows
The Cult of the Real Housewife
Play Time: 0:01:26

Trailer for 'The Cult of the Real Housewife'

Made In Korea Teaser Trailer (US)
Play Time: 0:00:46

Trailer for 'Made in Korea'

The Eras Tour: The End Of An Era: Streaming (30 Second Spot)
Play Time: 0:00:30

Trailer for 'Taylor Swift: The End of an Era' starring Taylor Swift, Andrea Swift, Travis Kelce, Amanda Balen, Kameron Saunders

The Cult of the Real Housewife
Play Time: 0:01:26

Trailer for 'The Cult of the Real Housewife'

A Knight Of The Seven Kingdoms
Play Time: 0:02:19

Trailer for 'A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms' starring Peter Claffey, Dexter Sol Ansell, Daniel Ings, Sam Spruell, Bertie Carvel

Made In Korea
Play Time: 0:01:42

Trailer for 'Made in Korea'

Mo' Waffles
Play Time: 0:01:51

Trailer for 'Mo' Waffles'

Run Away
Play Time: 0:01:56

Trailer for 'Run Away' starring Ellie Henry, Ben Galvin, Vikash Bhai, Ravi Multani, Osian Salter

Love Through A Prism
Play Time: 0:02:11

Trailer for 'Love Through a Prism'

The Price Of Confession
Play Time: 0:01:20

Trailer for 'The Price of Confession' starring Jeon Do-yeon, Jun-seok Kim, Park Hae-soo, Kim Go-eun

Games
Metroid Prime 4 Beyond: Release Date Trailer
Play Time: 0:01:50

Harness Samus Aran's new psychic abilities to survive the mysterious planet of Viewros and find a way home

Metroid Prime 4: Nintendo Direct 3.27.2025 Trailer
Play Time: 0:03:11

Harness Samus Aran's new psychic abilities to survive the mysterious planet of Viewros and find a way home

Metroid Prime 4: Nintendo Direct 3.27.2025 Trailer
Play Time: 0:03:11

Harness Samus Aran's new psychic abilities to survive the mysterious planet of Viewros and find a way home

Skate Story: Release Date Trailer
Play Time: 0:02:05

You are a demon in the Underworld, made out of glass and pain. The Devil has given you a skateboard with a simple deal: Skate to the Moon and swallow it — and you shall be freed.

Deus Ex Remastered
Play Time: 0:00:30

This is Deus Ex Remastered – the definitive version of Ion Storm’s legendary cyberpunk immersive sim, modernized with visual upgrades, modern enhancements, and quality-of-life improvements for a new generation of operatives.

My Hero Academia: All's Justice
Play Time: 0:01:56

Not once in my entire life… have I gone into battle expecting to lose!

Marvel Cosmic Invasion
Play Time: 0:01:31

A cosmic battle awaits! After Annihilus launched an unprecedented attack across the galaxy, all life hangs in the balance. Nova, Spider-Man, Wolverine, Phyla-Vell, Captain America, and many more heroes, both Earth-born and cosmic, will join forces in a star-spanning brawling adventure against the deadly Annihilation Wave.

Marvel Cosmic Invasion: Beta Ray Bill & Silver Surfer Reveal Trailer
Play Time: 0:01:05

A cosmic battle awaits! After Annihilus launched an unprecedented attack across the galaxy, all life hangs in the balance. Nova, Spider-Man, Wolverine, Phyla-Vell, Captain America, and many more heroes, both Earth-born and cosmic, will join forces in a star-spanning brawling adventure against the deadly Annihilation Wave.

Marvel Cosmic Invasion: Black Panther & Cosmic Ghost Rider Trailer
Play Time: 0:01:05

A cosmic battle awaits! After Annihilus launched an unprecedented attack across the galaxy, all life hangs in the balance. Nova, Spider-Man, Wolverine, Phyla-Vell, Captain America, and many more heroes, both Earth-born and cosmic, will join forces in a star-spanning brawling adventure against the deadly Annihilation Wave.

Ghost Town
Play Time: 0:01:40

Welcome to the supernatural world of Ghost Town, a single-player puzzle adventure VR game by Fireproof Games.

Animation
Justice League: The New Frontier: The Moment Hal Jordan Was Chosen
Play Time: 0:03:34

Inspired by the best-selling graphic novel by Darwyn Cooke and produced by the multiple Emmy® award winning animation legend, Bruce Timm, The New Frontier is the epic tale of the founding of the Justice League. Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman are all here of course, and so are Green Lantern, Martian Manhunter and Flash - whose incredible origins will be told for the very first time. Strangers at first, these very different heroes must overcome fear and suspicion to forge an alliance against a monster so formidable, even the mighty Superman can not stop it. If they fail, our entire planet will be "cleansed" of humanity.

The Bad Guys 2: Diane Vs. The Bad Girls
Play Time: 0:00:43

In the new action-packed chapter from DreamWorks Animation’s acclaimed comedy smash about a crackerjack crew of animal outlaws, our now-reformed Bad Guys are trying (very, very hard) to be good, but instead find themselves hijacked into a high-stakes, globe-trotting heist, masterminded by a new team of criminals they never saw coming: The Bad Girls.

Dog Man: Dog Man-Yay
Play Time: 0:00:45

When a faithful police dog and his human police officer owner are injured together on the job, a harebrained but life-saving surgery fuses the two of them together and Dog Man is born. Dog Man is sworn to protect and serve—and fetch, sit and roll over. As Dog Man embraces his new identity and strives to impress his Chief (Lil Rel Howery, Get Out, Free Guy), he must stop the pretty evil plots of feline supervillain Petey the Cat (Pete Davidson; Saturday Night Live, The King of Staten Island). Petey’s latest plan is to clone himself, creating the kitten Lil Petey, to double his ability to do crime stuff. Things get complicated, though, when Lil Petey forges an unexpected bond with Dog Man. When Lil Petey falls into the clutches of a common enemy, Dog Man and Petey reluctantly join forces in an action-packed race against time to rescue the young kitten. In the process, they discover the power of family (and kittens!) to bring even the most hostile foes together.

Sneaks: The Winning Number
Play Time: 0:01:53

SNEAKS follows the adventures of Ty, a misguided designer sneaker who doesn’t know life outside the comforts of his velvet-lined shoe box. After his sister is stolen by a shady collector, Ty must venture into NYC to find and rescue her. In his adventure, Ty meets a rag-tag group of footwear friends from all walks of life who help him find the courage to step outside of his shoe box and find his “sole-mate.” Paced by the best in original hip-hop and rap music, this stellar cast captures all of the vibe of sneaker culture in their tour of NYC streets.

Dog Man: Dog Man Has Got To Go!
Play Time: 0:00:43

When a faithful police dog and his human police officer owner are injured together on the job, a harebrained but life-saving surgery fuses the two of them together and Dog Man is born. Dog Man is sworn to protect and serve—and fetch, sit and roll over. As Dog Man embraces his new identity and strives to impress his Chief (Lil Rel Howery, Get Out, Free Guy), he must stop the pretty evil plots of feline supervillain Petey the Cat (Pete Davidson; Saturday Night Live, The King of Staten Island). Petey’s latest plan is to clone himself, creating the kitten Lil Petey, to double his ability to do crime stuff. Things get complicated, though, when Lil Petey forges an unexpected bond with Dog Man. When Lil Petey falls into the clutches of a common enemy, Dog Man and Petey reluctantly join forces in an action-packed race against time to rescue the young kitten. In the process, they discover the power of family (and kittens!) to bring even the most hostile foes together.

David: Why God, My God
Play Time: 0:03:34

From his mother’s songs to his clash with Goliath, David’s journey from humble shepherd to anointed king tests the limits of faith, courage, and love—culminating in a battle for the soul of a kingdom.

David: Samuel's Blessing
Play Time: 0:01:22

From his mother’s songs to his clash with Goliath, David’s journey from humble shepherd to anointed king tests the limits of faith, courage, and love—culminating in a battle for the soul of a kingdom.

The Lego Batman Movie: Barbara Gordon Becomes Commissioner
Play Time: 0:02:16

In the irreverent spirit of fun that made “The LEGO® Movie” a worldwide phenomenon, the self-described leading man of that ensemble – LEGO Batman (Will Arnett) – stars in his own big-screen adventure. But there are big changes brewing in Gotham, and if he wants to save the city from The Joker’s (Zach Galifianakis) hostile takeover, Batman may have to drop the lone vigilante thing, try to work with others and maybe, just maybe, learn to lighten up.

Snoopy Presents: A Summer Musical: Look Up, Charlie Brown (Lyric Video)
Play Time: 0:03:54

“Snoopy Presents: A Summer Musical” is a musical special about the joy and magic of summer camp and the importance of preserving what you love. Charlie Brown loves camp and is determined to make his final year special, but Sally, a first-time camper, is nervous and skeptical of the new and unfamiliar place. While everyone settles into camp, Snoopy and Woodstock discover a treasure map that takes them on a wild adventure nearby.

Snoopy Presents: A Summer Musical: Best Time Ever (Lyric Video)
Play Time: 0:03:57

“Snoopy Presents: A Summer Musical” is a musical special about the joy and magic of summer camp and the importance of preserving what you love. Charlie Brown loves camp and is determined to make his final year special, but Sally, a first-time camper, is nervous and skeptical of the new and unfamiliar place. While everyone settles into camp, Snoopy and Woodstock discover a treasure map that takes them on a wild adventure nearby.

Anime
Chainsaw Man-The Movie: Reze Arc: Bomb Devil Face Off
Play Time: 0:00:26

For the first time, Chainsaw Man slashes his way onto the big screen in an epic, action-fueled adventure that continues the hugely popular anime series. Denji worked as a Devil Hunter for the yakuza, trying to pay off the debt he inherited from his parents, until the yakuza betrayed him and had him killed. As he was losing consciousness, Denji’s beloved chainsaw-powered devil-dog, Pochita, made a deal with Denji and saved his life. This fused the two together, creating the unstoppable Chainsaw Man. Now, in a brutal war between devils, hunters, and secret enemies, a mysterious girl named Reze has stepped into his world, and Denji faces his deadliest battle yet, fueled by love in a world where survival knows no rules.

Pokemon: The Rise Of Darkrai (US Trailer 1)
Play Time: 0:01:30

Ash may think he's seen everything when it comes to Pokémon, but is he ready to face the mysterious Darkrai in his latest awesome adventure? While on their way to a Pokémon Contest, our adventurers pass through Alamos Town, home of the Time-Space Tower. With the beautiful Alice, Ash and his friends discover that something is causing terrible nightmares for Pokémon and people alike! Baron Alberto, a dashing but arrogant fellow, immediately blames this turn of events on Darkrai. As if it just overheard the accusation, Darkrai appears and confronts our heroes! Who is Darkrai? Is it a friend... or foe? As the sky tears above Alamos Town and Legendary Pokémon Dialga and Palkia struggle through the rips in a newly created dimension, their ensuing battle threatens to tear a hole in the time-space continuum! Will Ash and his friends survive this showdown and learn Darkrai's true nature?

Wolf Children (4K Remastered Trailer)
Play Time: 0:02:09

College student Hana falls in love with a “wolf man” and together they have two half-human, half-wolf children, Ame and Yuki. The young family’s happy but humble life comes to an abrupt end when the father is tragically killed during a hunt. After struggling to raise her children in the busy city, Hana boldly decides to move to a dilapidated house in the countryside, in hopes that her children may one day decide their own path to happiness – whether “human” or “wolf.” This heart-wrenching modern fairy tale is a staggering work of beauty and emotion from Academy Award®-nominated director Mamoru Hosoda. Rich with gorgeous animation and set to a poignant musical score, Wolf Children is a sweeping tale about self-discovery and the bonds of family.

T P Bon
Play Time: 0:01:45

After Bon accidentally intervenes in a Time Patrol case, he must join Agent Ream in saving innocent lives from the past — while watching history unfold.

Nausicaa Of The Valley Of The Wind (Studio Ghibli Fest 2023 30 Second Trailer)
Play Time: 0:00:30

After a global war, the seaside kingdom known as the Valley Of The Wind remains one of the last strongholds on Earth untouched by a poisonous jungle and the powerful insects that guard it. Led by the courageous Princess Nausicaa, the people of the Valley engage in an epic struggle to restore the bond between humanity and Earth.

Devil May Cry
Play Time: 0:01:57

In this animated adaptation of the popular Capcom game, sinister forces are at play to open the portal between the human and demon realms. In the middle of it all is Dante, an orphaned demon-hunter-for-hire, unaware that the fate of both worlds hangs around his neck.

THE FIRST SLAM DUNK (US Trailer 1)
Play Time: 0:01:07

Shohoku's “speedster” and point guard, Ryota Miyagi, always plays with brains and lightning speed, running circles around his opponents while feigning composure. Born and raised in Okinawa, Ryota had a brother who was three years older. Following in the footsteps of his older brother, who was a famous local player from a young age, Ryota also became addicted to basketball. In his second year of high school, Ryota plays with the Shohoku High School basketball team along with Sakuragi, Rukawa, Akagi, and Mitsui as they take the stage at the Inter-High School National Championship. And now, they are on the brink of challenging the reigning champions, Sannoh Kogyo High School.

Uzumaki: Official 2024 Trailer
Play Time: 0:01:30

Spiral into the dark! Uzumaki, a four episode mini-series based on the supernatural horror manga by legendary author Junji Ito.

Spirited Away (Studio Ghibli Fest 2023)
Play Time: 0:00:59

A young girl, Chihiro, becomes trapped in a strange new world of spirits. When her parents undergo a mysterious transformation, she must call upon the courage she never knew she had to free herself and return her family to the outside world.

Pokemon Ranger And The Temple Of The Sea (US Trailer 1)
Play Time: 0:01:02

There's a legend out there, about a Sea Temple created by the People of the Water, where the Sea Crown is kept. No one has ever seen this Sea Crown, and very few people even know the story of the temple, except a few members of the People of the Water who wander through the Pokémon world. That all changes when a Pokémon Ranger named Jackie rescues a Manaphy Egg from a greedy pirate named Phantom! Phantom is absolutely determined to snatch the Sea Crown, and he'll need Manaphy to get to it. To stay one step ahead, Jackie will need to enlist the help of the People of the Water. A chance encounter with the People of the Water puts Ash, May and friends right in the thick of the action, and May forms a very special bond with the Mythical Manaphy, even as the specter of Phantom hovers ever closer! Together, they must find the Sea Temple before Phantom does, unlocking the secret that connects Manaphy and the Sea Temple!

Comic Heroes
King Of Killers: How Fun Does That Sound?
Play Time: 0:01:49

Based on a graphic novel by writer-director Kevin Grevioux, King of Killers follows former Agency hitman Marcus Garan (Alain Moussi) as he attempts to unravel the mystery behind a tragic incident. When offered a $10 million contract to eliminate the world’s greatest assassin, Marcus travels to Tokyo to meet the client (Frank Grillo), but discovers other professional killers have been invited as well. Now Marcus and the others must confront this deadly, mythical assassin…or die trying.

Thunderbolts: Limo Chase
Play Time: 0:00:47

A group of supervillains is recruited to go on missions for the government.

Ant-Man And The Wasp: Quantumania: Drink The Ooze
Play Time: 0:01:15

In the film, which officially kicks off phase 5 of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Super-Hero partners Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) and Hope Van Dyne (Evangeline Lilly) return to continue their adventures as Ant-Man and The Wasp. Together, with Hope’s parents Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) and Janet Van Dyne (Michelle Pfeiffer), the family finds themselves exploring the Quantum Realm, interacting with strange new creatures and embarking on an adventure that will push them beyond the limits of what they thought was possible. Jonathan Majors joins the adventure as Kang.

Birds Of Prey: And The Fantabulous Emancipation Of One Harley Quinn: Team Up
Play Time: 0:02:10

You ever hear the one about the cop, the songbird, the psycho and the mafia princess? "Birds of Prey (And the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn)" is a twisted tale told by Harley herself, as only Harley can tell it. When Gotham’s most nefariously narcissistic villain, Roman Sionis, and his zealous right-hand, Zsasz, put a target on a young girl named Cass, the city is turned upside down looking for her. Harley, Huntress, Black Canary and Renee Montoya’s paths collide, and the unlikely foursome have no choice but to team up to take Roman down.

Scott Pilgrim Vs. The World: First Evil Ex Boyfriend
Play Time: 0:04:32

Meet charming and jobless Scott Pilgrim (Michael Cera). A bass guitarist for garage band Sex Bob-omb, the 22-year-old has just met the girl of his dreams...literally. The only catch to winning Ramona Flowers (Mary Elizabeth Winstead)? Her seven evil exes are coming to kill him. Genre-smashing filmmaker Edgar Wright (Hot Fuzz, Shaun of the Dead) tells the amazing story of one romantic slacker's quest to power up with love in Scott Pilgrim vs. the World. Scott Pilgrim has never had a problem getting a girlfriend. It's getting rid of them that proves difficult. From the girl who kicked his heart's ass, and now is back in town, to the teenage distraction he's trying to shake when Ramona rollerblades into his world, love hasn't been easy. He soon discovers, however, his new crush has the most unusual baggage of all: a nefarious league of exes controls her love life and will do whatever it takes to eliminate him as a suitor. As Scott gets closer to Ramona, he must face an increasingly vicious rogues' gallery from her past from infamous skateboarders to vegan rock stars and fearsomely identical twins. And if he hopes to win his true love, he must vanquish them all before it really is game over.

What we Hide: What Happens Next
Play Time: 0:00:36

What We Hide, also titled Spider & Jessie, is a 2025 American drama film directed and written by Dan Kay. It stars Mckenna Grace and Jojo Regina as sisters who hide their mother's body following a fatal overdose. Forrest Goodluck, Malia Baker, Dacre Montgomery and Jesse Williams appear in supporting roles. It has received generally positive reviews.

The Marvels: Let The Flerkens Eat You
Play Time: 0:01:05

Carol Danvers AKA Captain Marvel has reclaimed her identity from the tyrannical Kree and taken revenge on the Supreme Intelligence. But unintended consequences see Carol shouldering the burden of a destabilized universe. When her duties send her to an anomalous wormhole linked to a Kree revolutionary, her powers become entangled with that of Jersey City super-fan Kamala Khan, aka Ms. Marvel, and Carol’s estranged niece, now S.A.B.E.R. astronaut Captain Monica Rambeau.

The Marvels: Friend Of Yours?
Play Time: 0:01:08

Carol Danvers AKA Captain Marvel has reclaimed her identity from the tyrannical Kree and taken revenge on the Supreme Intelligence. But unintended consequences see Carol shouldering the burden of a destabilized universe. When her duties send her to an anomalous wormhole linked to a Kree revolutionary, her powers become entangled with that of Jersey City super-fan Kamala Khan, aka Ms. Marvel, and Carol’s estranged niece, now S.A.B.E.R. astronaut Captain Monica Rambeau.

The Wasp: Two Weeks
Play Time: 0:01:28

In this tense, twist-filled psychological thriller, Naomie Harris and Natalie Dormer deliver captivating performances as two estranged friends who reunite over tea, only to unveil a dangerous and deceptive plot that will irrevocably alter their lives.

Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice: Warehouse Fight
Play Time: 0:03:53

From director Zack Snyder comes Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, starring Ben Affleck as Batman/Bruce Wayne and Henry Cavill as Superman/Clark Kent in the characters' first big-screen pairing. Fearing the actions of a god-like super hero left unchecked, Gotham City's own formidable, forceful vigilante takes on Metropolis's most revered, modern-day savior, while the world wrestles with what sort of hero it really needs. And with Batman and Superman at war with one another, a new threat quickly arises, putting mankind in greater danger than it's ever known before.

Documentary
The Human Pyramid: Spontaneous Improvisation (US)
Play Time: 0:03:01

Rouch meets with a group of white colonial French students and their black African classmates (all non-actors) in a lycée in Côte d’Ivoire. Inspired by the arrival of a new white classmate (Nadine Ballot), Rouch encourages the students to enact an improvised drama about the realities of interracial relationships, transforming their attitudes towards each other in the process.

Route One USA: Open Road (US)
Play Time: 0:01:09

In 1988, nearly a decade after leaving the US for France, renegade filmmaker Robert Kramer returns. “Back,” he emphasizes. Not “home.” To try to understand the contemporary United States, he decides to travel the entire length of Route 1, from the Canadian border to Key West, filming all the way for five months. We are treated to a series of stops along the way—an Indian reserve in Maine, Walden Pond, the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington DC, a Georgia diner, Thanksgiving dinner at a homeless shelter, and evangelical churches that preach the “truth” about the anti-apartheid movement and the dangers of Disney. There are plenty of characters along the way too, and appearances by televangelist Pat Robertson and Jesse Jackson, as they campaign for president.

Avec Andre Gide: Struggle For Truth (US)
Play Time: 0:03:47

Clip for 'With André Gide' starring André Gide, Roland Alexandre, Jean-Louis Barrault, Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Jean Desailly

Roots Of Fire: Savoy Family Band's Next Generation
Play Time: 0:01:42

In Roots of Fire, five award-winning musicians honor the rich history and cultural legacy of Cajun music. The Cajun contemporary scene in Louisiana has found mainstream success with Grammy nominations and wins, but shuttering venues and an aging fan base leave some questioning the music’s future. With Wilson Savoy, Joel Savoy, Kelli Jones, Kristi Guillory, and Jourdan Thibodeaux lending their voices, the film is a celebration of the unique sounds created when the forces of fresh talent and deep history come together to fight for cultural survival. Featuring electrifying performances from the Pine Leaf Boys, Feufollet, Jourdan Thibodeaux et Les Rôdailleurs, Bonsoir Catin, T'Monde, Anna Laura Edmiston and Roddie Romero, the crowd-pleasing Roots of Fire shows how playing kick-ass music and preserving Cajun tradition for future generations can be a shared goal.

Defying Gravity: The Curtain Rises On Wicked: An Exclusive First Look
Play Time: 0:01:38

Cynthia Erivo, Ariana Grande and the “Wicked” cast share their journey into Oz.

Hollywood North: Freedom
Play Time: 0:01:50

Hollywood North is a 2003 Canadian comedy film starring Matthew Modine and Jennifer Tilly. It is a mockumentary detailing the struggles of two Canadian movie producers in Toronto circa 1979. The title is a reference to the colloquialism "Hollywood North".

Beatles '64: New York
Play Time: 0:00:38

Chronicles the electrifying moment when The Beatles visited the United States for the first time. Featuring never-before-seen footage of the band and the groups of young fans who helped propel their fame, the film offers a rare chance to see the moment they became the most influential and beloved band of all time.

It's Just Unfortunate: My Dad Is Really Trying
Play Time: 0:02:00

Clip for 'It's Just Unfortunate' starring Chris Distefano

The Cowboy And The Queen: You Don't Fool The Queen Of England
Play Time: 0:01:20

Monty Roberts, a nonviolent horse trainer who rejected traditional "breaking" methods, forms an unlikely friendship with Queen Elizabeth II. Bonding over their shared love for animals, they overcome Monty's doubters to broadcast his gentle approach globally. From Academy Award Nominee Andrea Nevins, this uplifting film shows how trust can build a better world for both horses and humans.

Come See Me In The Good Light: Life Anthem
Play Time: 0:01:17

“Come See Me in the Good Light” is a poignant and unexpectedly funny love story about poets Andrea Gibson and Megan Falley facing an incurable cancer diagnosis with joy, wit and an unshakable partnership. Through laughter and unwavering love, they transform pain into purpose, and mortality into a moving celebration of resilience.

Fantasy
Good Fortune: Gabe's First Meal
Play Time: 0:00:46

In GOOD FORTUNE, a well-meaning but rather inept angel named Gabriel (Keanu Reeves) meddles in the lives of a struggling gig worker (Aziz Ansari) and a wealthy venture capitalist (Seth Rogen).

Three Thousand Years Of Longing: Wish We Never Met
Play Time: 0:01:04

Dr Alithea Binnie (Tilda Swinton) is an academic - content with life and a creature of reason. While in Istanbul attending a conference, she happens to encounter a Djinn (Idris Elba) who offers her three wishes in exchange for his freedom. This presents two problems. First, she doubts that he is real and second, because she is a scholar of story and mythology, she knows all the cautionary tales of wishes gone wrong. The Djinn pleads his case by telling her fantastical stories of his past. Eventually she is beguiled and makes a wish that surprises them both.

Where Are You, Christmas: Sneak Peek
Play Time: 0:01:00

When Addy (Fonseca) wishes for a year without Christmas, she wakes up in a world of black and white. She must work together with the town mechanic (Rady) to restore Christmas.

Christmas Class Reunion: Sneak Peek
Play Time: 0:01:03

Valedictorian Elle is determined to host a perfect 15-year high school reunion. She's looking forward to seeing her high school crush Kam, but she finds unexpected support in bad boy Devin.

Three Thousand Years Of Longing: What Is Your Heart's Desire
Play Time: 0:00:53

Dr Alithea Binnie (Tilda Swinton) is an academic - content with life and a creature of reason. While in Istanbul attending a conference, she happens to encounter a Djinn (Idris Elba) who offers her three wishes in exchange for his freedom. This presents two problems. First, she doubts that he is real and second, because she is a scholar of story and mythology, she knows all the cautionary tales of wishes gone wrong. The Djinn pleads his case by telling her fantastical stories of his past. Eventually she is beguiled and makes a wish that surprises them both.

Haunted Wedding: Sneak Peek
Play Time: 0:01:00

The wedding between ghost hunters Jane and Brian at a haunted inn is disrupted by Angelique — a ghost who mistakes Brian for her own dead fiancé.

How To Train Your Dragon: The Wind In My Cheat Sheet (UK)
Play Time: 0:01:09

On the rugged isle of Berk, where Vikings and dragons have been bitter enemies for generations, Hiccup (Mason Thames; The Black Phone, For All Mankind) stands apart. The inventive yet overlooked son of Chief Stoick the Vast (Gerard Butler, reprising his voice role from the animated franchise), Hiccup defies centuries of tradition when he befriends Toothless, a feared Night Fury dragon. Their unlikely bond reveals the true nature of dragons, challenging the very foundations of Viking society. With the fierce and ambitious Astrid (BAFTA nominee Nico Parker; Dumbo, The Last of Us) and the village’s quirky blacksmith Gobber (Nick Frost; Snow White and the Huntsman, Shaun of the Dead) by his side, Hiccup confronts a world torn by fear and misunderstanding. As an ancient threat emerges, endangering both Vikings and dragons, Hiccup’s friendship with Toothless becomes the key to forging a new future. Together, they must navigate the delicate path toward peace, soaring beyond the boundaries of their worlds and redefining what it means to be a hero and a leader.

In The Lost Lands: Cut The Cable (US)
Play Time: 0:01:58

Directed by Paul W.S. Anderson and based on George R.R. Martin’s short story, the story centers on a queen who, desperate to fulfill her love, makes a daring play: she sends the powerful and feared sorceress Gray Alys (Mila Jovovich) to the ghostly wilderness of the Lost Lands in search of a magical power, where the sorceress and her guide, the drifter Boyce (Dave Bautista), must outwit and outfight man and demon.

Hocus Pocus 2: We Must Fly
Play Time: 0:01:12

It’s been 29 years since someone lit the Black Flame Candle and resurrected the 17th-century sisters, and they are looking for revenge. Now it is up to three high-school students to stop the ravenous witches from wreaking a new kind of havoc on Salem before dawn on All Hallow’s Eve.

Freakier Friday: She Thinks You're Cute
Play Time: 0:00:35

“Freakier Friday,” a sequel to the beloved 2003 film with a multigenerational twist starring Jamie Lee Curtis and Lindsay Lohan, will be released in theaters nationwide in 2025. In the film, Curtis and Lohan reprise their roles as Tess and Anna Coleman. The story picks up years after Tess (Curtis) and Anna (Lohan) endured an identity crisis. Anna now has a daughter of her own and a soon-to-be stepdaughter. As they navigate the myriad challenges that come when two families merge, Tess and Anna discover that lightning might indeed strike twice.

Horror
Good Boy: Stay Here Boy
Play Time: 0:01:15

A loyal dog moves to a rural family home with his owner Todd, only to discover supernatural forces lurking in the shadows. As dark entities threaten his human companion, the brave pup must fight to protect the one he loves most.

Until Dawn: Who's That?
Play Time: 0:00:36

One year after her sister Melanie mysteriously disappeared, Clover and her friends head into the remote valley where she vanished in search of answers. Exploring an abandoned visitor center, they find themselves stalked by a masked killer and horrifically murdered one by one…only to wake up and find themselves back at the beginning of the same evening. Trapped in the valley, they’re forced to relive the nightmare again and again - only each time the killer threat is different, each more terrifying than the last. Hope dwindling, the group soon realizes they have a limited number of deaths left, and the only way to escape is to survive until dawn.

Sinners: Let Me In
Play Time: 0:02:26

Trying to leave their troubled lives behind, twin brothers (Jordan) return to their hometown to start again, only to discover that an even greater evil is waiting to welcome them back.

The Banished: I Can See You (US)
Play Time: 0:01:26

After her brother mysteriously goes missing, Grace ventures into the dangerous wilderness to find him. As she uncovers the horrific truth of his disappearance, she is faced with a darkness which threatens to claim her as well.

Psycho Therapy: The Shallow Tale Of A Writer Who Decided To Write About A Serial Killer: Are We Really Going Through With This?
Play Time: 0:00:42

Masquerading as a marriage counselor, a serial killer teaches his methods to a desperate writer trying to find inspiration and save his marriage.

Surrender: The Tears, (US) The
Play Time: 0:01:45

A fraught mother-daughter relationship is put to a terrifying test when the family patriarch dies, and the grieving mother hires a mysterious stranger to bring her husband back from the dead. As the bizarre and brutal resurrection spirals out of control, both women must confront their differences as they fight for their lives – and for each other.

Dust Bunny: Who Killed Whom
Play Time: 0:00:47

Ten-year-old Aurora has a mysterious neighbor (Mads Mikkelsen) who kills real-life monsters. He’s a hit man for hire. So, when Aurora needs help killing the monster she believes ate her entire family, she procures his services. Suspecting that her parents may have fallen victim to assassins gunning for him, Aurora’s neighbor guiltily takes the job. Now, to protect her, he’ll need to battle an onslaught of assassins ― and accept that some monsters are real.

Daydreamers: Night Club (US)
Play Time: 0:01:00

The tale of two totally opposite and estranged brothers, Nhat and Marco. Both are vampires. Nhat is a daydreamer, vowing to never devour human blood again. Marco is a rebel who fully embraces his vampirism. Marco re-enters Nhat’s life, but things are complicated when Nhat develops a relationship with a human woman who knows his secret. Marco learns of the relationship, and will stop at nothing to keep the family secret, even if it means harming his brother.

Psycho Therapy: The Shallow Tale Of A Writer Who Decided To Write About A Serial Killer: Today's Your Lucky Day
Play Time: 0:01:18

Masquerading as a marriage counselor, a serial killer teaches his methods to a desperate writer trying to find inspiration and save his marriage.

River Of Blood: They Know We're Here (US)
Play Time: 0:01:27

Four kayakers take the wrong river into a jungle inhabited by a tribe of merciless cannibals.

Musical
The Testament Of Ann Lee: Hunger & Thirst
Play Time: 0:02:52

From award-winning writer-director Mona Fastvold (The World to Come, The Brutalist) comes the extraordinary true legend of Ann Lee, founder of the devotional sect known as the Shakers. Academy Award nominee Amanda Seyfried stars as the Shaker's irrepressible leader, who preached gender and social equality and was revered by her followers. The Testament of Ann Lee captures the ecstasy and agony of her quest to build a utopia, featuring more than a dozen traditional Shaker hymns reimagined as rapturous movements with choreography by Celia Rowlson-Hall (Vox Lux) and original songs & score by Academy Award winner Daniel Blumberg (The Brutalist).

O'Dessa: Ramblin' Down The Road (Music Video)
Play Time: 0:00:57

Set in a post-apocalyptic future, O'Dessa is an original rock opera about a farm girl on an epic quest to recover a cherished family heirloom. Her journey leads her to a strange and dangerous city where she meets her one true love - but in order to save his soul, she must put the power of destiny and song to the ultimate test.

Snow White: All Is Fair
Play Time: 0:01:09

“Disney’s Snow White” is a live-action musical reimagining of the classic 1937 film. The magical music adventure journeys back to the timeless story with beloved characters Bashful, Doc, Dopey, Grumpy, Happy, Sleepy, and Sneezy.

The Color Purple: Sister Song
Play Time: 0:02:20

The extraordinary sisterhood of three women who share one unbreakable bond in “The Color Purple.”

The Little Mermaid: Part Of Your World
Play Time: 0:00:49

“The Little Mermaid” is the beloved story of Ariel, a beautiful and spirited young mermaid with a thirst for adventure. The youngest of King Triton’s daughters and the most defiant, Ariel longs to find out more about the world beyond the sea and, while visiting the surface, falls for the dashing Prince Eric. While mermaids are forbidden to interact with humans, Ariel must follow her heart. She makes a deal with the evil sea witch, Ursula, which gives her a chance to experience life on land but ultimately places her life – and her father’s crown – in jeopardy.

Wonka: They Call Me Lofty
Play Time: 0:04:31

The film is based on characters by Roald Dahl, inspired especially by one of Dahl’s most beloved characters, Willy Wonka, and takes place before the events of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.

White Christmas: Slip Up
Play Time: 0:01:47

'White Christmas' is a treasury of Irving Berlin classics, among them 'Count Your Blessings Instead of Sheep', 'Sisters', 'Blue Skies', and the beloved holiday song, 'White Christmas.' Two talented song-and-dance men (Bing Crosby and Danny Kaye) team up after the war to become one of the hottest acts in show business. One winter, they join forces with a sister act (Rosemary Clooney and Vera-Ellen) and trek to Vermont for a white Christmas. Of course, there's the requisite fun with the ladies, but the real adventure starts when Crosby & Kaye discover that the inn is run by their old army general who's now in financial trouble. And the result is the stuff dreams are made of.

The Little Mermaid: The Scuttlebutt
Play Time: 0:01:12

“The Little Mermaid” is the beloved story of Ariel, a beautiful and spirited young mermaid with a thirst for adventure. The youngest of King Triton’s daughters and the most defiant, Ariel longs to find out more about the world beyond the sea and, while visiting the surface, falls for the dashing Prince Eric. While mermaids are forbidden to interact with humans, Ariel must follow her heart. She makes a deal with the evil sea witch, Ursula, which gives her a chance to experience life on land but ultimately places her life – and her father’s crown – in jeopardy.

Wicked: For Good: She's Made Her Choice
Play Time: 0:00:44

Elphaba (Cynthia Erivo), now demonized as The Wicked Witch of the West, lives in exile, hidden within the Ozian forest while continuing her fight for the freedom of Oz’s silenced Animals and desperately trying to expose the truth she knows about The Wizard (Jeff Goldblum). Glinda, meanwhile, has become the glamorous symbol of Goodness for all of Oz, living at the palace in Emerald City and reveling in the perks of fame and popularity. Under the instruction of Madame Morrible (Oscar® winner Michelle Yeoh), Glinda is deployed to serve as an effervescent comfort to Oz, reassuring the masses that all is well under the rule of The Wizard. As Glinda’s stardom expands and she prepares to marry Prince Fiyero (Olivier award winner and Emmy and SAG nominee Jonathan Bailey) in a spectacular Ozian wedding, she is haunted by her separation from Elphaba. She attempts to broker a conciliation between Elphaba and The Wizard, but those efforts will fail, driving Elphaba and Glinda only further apart. The aftershocks will transform Boq (Tony nominee Ethan Slater) and Fiyero forever, and threaten the safety of Elphaba’s sister, Nessarose (Marissa Bode), when a girl from Kansas comes crashing into all their lives. As an angry mob rises against the Wicked Witch, Glinda and Elphaba will need to come together one final time. With their singular friendship now the fulcrum of their futures, they will need to truly see each other, with honesty and empathy, if they are to change themselves, and all of Oz, for good.

Snow White: Waiting On A Wish (UK Special Look)
Play Time: 0:01:00

“Disney’s Snow White” is a live-action musical reimagining of the classic 1937 film. The magical music adventure journeys back to the timeless story with beloved characters Bashful, Doc, Dopey, Grumpy, Happy, Sleepy, and Sneezy.

Reality-TV
Rupaul's Drag Race Global All Stars
Play Time: 0:01:28

Twelve fan favorites from around the world will represent their countries as they compete for the title of “Queen of the Mothertucking World,” a grand prize of $200,000, and a spot in the Drag Race Hall of Fame.

Sold on SLC
Play Time: 0:02:38

As founding broker at Presidio Real Estate and fellow competing superagent, Jennifer Yeo has been hustling for the success of her company since its inception in 2011. With her “raise the bar” mantra at the forefront of her business, she values loyalty and fierce ambition when it comes to her team. While Jen’s doting husband Darin keeps her grounded at home, she finds herself caught in the middle of her agent’s personal drama at the brokerage.

Pop Culture Jeopardy!
Play Time: 0:01:01

Hosted by Colin Jost, eighty-one teams of three compete in the first ever Pop Culture Jeopardy! tournament for the grand prize of $300,000 and ultimate bragging rights.

The Inheritance
Play Time: 0:01:20

Trailer for 'The Inheritance' starring Elizabeth Hurley, Robert Rinder, James Buckley-Thorp, Hannah Campbell, Jesse Velosa

W.A.G.S To Riches
Play Time: 0:01:46

They're the wives and girlfriends of famous athletes and rap stars, but these stylishly smart W.A.G.s call the shots in this soapy reality series.

Dinner Budget Showdown
Play Time: 0:00:29

Join Sandra Lee and co-host restaurateur Jordan Andino for a new cooking competition where smart budget hacks for shopping and cooking take center stage. In each episode, a surprise guest chef creates an expensive meal that three home cooks must use as inspiration for their own meals, created on a budget. Who will make the best, least expensive dish and win free groceries for a year?

O'ahu Shores
Play Time: 0:01:28

Hookups erupt, secrets explode and friendships flip fast in the island paradise of O'ahu for a group of beautiful 20-somethings.

Harpoon Hunters
Play Time: 0:00:54

It's one man, one spear versus bluefin tuna off the shores of Cape Cod.

Harry Potter: Wizards Of Baking
Play Time: 0:01:47

Trailer for 'Harry Potter: Wizards of Baking' starring Carla Hall, Jozef Youssef, James Phelps, Oliver Phelps, Elizabeth Rowe

The Anonymous: Who Is The Mysterious A.I. Mastermind
Play Time: 0:01:37

The Anonymous is a strategic competition played in two worlds: the real world, where players interact face to face, but also a digital world, where the players communicate behind a mask of anonymity, known as Anonymous Mode. Here in individual private hideouts, each player is free to say whatever they want to advance their game. In this game, anonymity equals power and the player best at staying anonymous becomes the player with the power to eliminate their competitors. Straddling two realities, contestants must play the ultimate game of perception and deception to win. What would you say and do if nobody was watching you?

Sci-Fi
The Matrix: The Red Pill Or The Blue Pill (UK)
Play Time: 0:01:48

Have you ever had a dream that you were so sure was real? What if you couldn't awaken? How would you know the difference between dream and reality? When a beautiful stranger (Carrie Ann Moss) leads computer hacker Neo (Keanu Reeves) to a forbidding underworld, he discovers the shocking truth--the life he knows is the elaborate deception of an evil cyber-intelligence. Neo joins legendary and dangerous rebel warrior Morpheus (Lawrence Fishburne) in the battle to destroy the illusion enslaving humanity.

M3GAN 2.0: Gemma Finds M3GAN In Her House (UK)
Play Time: 0:00:35

Two years after M3GAN, a marvel of artificial intelligence, went rogue and embarked on a murderous (and impeccably choreographed) rampage and was subsequently destroyed, M3GAN’s creator Gemma (Allison Williams) has become a high-profile author and advocate for government oversight of A.I. Meanwhile, Gemma’s niece Cady (Violet McGraw), now 14, has become a teenager, rebelling against Gemma’s overprotective rules. Unbeknownst to them, the underlying tech for M3GAN has been stolen and misused by a powerful defense contractor to create a military-grade weapon known as Amelia (Ivanna Sakhno; Ahsoka, Pacific Rim: Uprising), the ultimate killer infiltration spy. But as Amelia’s self-awareness increases, she becomes decidedly less interested in taking orders from humans. Or in keeping them around. With the future of human existence on the line, Gemma realizes that the only option is to resurrect M3GAN (Amie Donald, voiced by Jenna Davis) and give her a few upgrades, making her faster, stronger, and more lethal. As their paths collide, the original A.I bitch is about to meet her match.

The Occupant: Don't Move (UK)
Play Time: 0:02:20

Abby Brennan refuses to accept the news that her sister Beth is dying. Her last hope: an experimental and expensive treatment she believes could save her sister’s life. To pay for this, Abby takes a job as consulting geologist for a Georgian uranium mine. When she chances upon a rare and mysterious meteorite fragment in the remote taiga, she thinks she has found the golden ticket to Beth’s cure. But on her flight home, the helicopter crashes and she is stranded in the relentlessly cold wilderness. There is a beacon of hope; John, an American pilot whose plane was brought down in the harsh conditions, guides her in his direction through the radio. As Abby fights her way across an unforgiving landscape, she gradually realises that John is not who he claims to be and that he has an ulterior motive…

Kong: Skull Island: Skullcrawler Attack
Play Time: 0:03:27

This compelling adventure from director Jordan Vogt-Roberts (The Kings of Summer) tells the story of a diverse team of scientists, soldiers and adventurers uniting to explore a mythical, uncharted island in the Pacific, as dangerous as it is beautiful. Cut off from everything they know, the team ventures into the domain of the mighty Kong, igniting the ultimate battle between man and nature. As their mission of discovery becomes one of survival, they must fight to escape a primal Eden in which humanity does not belong. Tom Hiddleston, Samuel L. Jackson, Brie Larson, John Goodman and John C. Reilly star in a thrilling and original adventure that reveals the untold story of how Kong became King.

The Occupant: Cash Aftermath (UK)
Play Time: 0:01:40

Abby Brennan refuses to accept the news that her sister Beth is dying. Her last hope: an experimental and expensive treatment she believes could save her sister’s life. To pay for this, Abby takes a job as consulting geologist for a Georgian uranium mine. When she chances upon a rare and mysterious meteorite fragment in the remote taiga, she thinks she has found the golden ticket to Beth’s cure. But on her flight home, the helicopter crashes and she is stranded in the relentlessly cold wilderness. There is a beacon of hope; John, an American pilot whose plane was brought down in the harsh conditions, guides her in his direction through the radio. As Abby fights her way across an unforgiving landscape, she gradually realises that John is not who he claims to be and that he has an ulterior motive…

Predator: Badlands: Let's Get Out Of Here
Play Time: 0:00:59

“Predator: Badlands" is set in the future on a remote planet, where a young Predator (Schuster-Koloamatangi), outcast from his clan, finds an unlikely ally in Thia (Fanning) and embarks on a treacherous journey in search of the ultimate adversary.

Borderlands: Exclusive Look
Play Time: 0:01:17

Lilith (Blanchett), an infamous outlaw with a mysterious past, reluctantly returns to her home planet of Pandora to find the missing daughter of the universe’s most powerful S.O.B., Atlas (Ramirez). Lilith forms an alliance with an unexpected team – Roland (Hart), a former elite mercenary, now desperate for redemption; Tiny Tina (Greenblatt), a feral pre-teen demolitionist; Krieg (Munteanu), Tina’s musclebound, rhetorically challenged protector; Tannis (Curtis), the scientist with a tenuous grip on sanity; and Claptrap (Black), a persistently wiseass robot. These unlikely heroes must battle alien monsters and dangerous bandits to find and protect the missing girl, who may hold the key to unimaginable power. The fate of the universe could be in their hands – but they’ll be fighting for something more: each other. Based on the game from Gearbox and 2K, one of the bestselling videogame franchises of all time, welcome to Borderlands.

Escape From The 21st Century: Training Day
Play Time: 0:01:07

The story follows three friends who discover they have the power to travel back and forth 20 years with a sneeze. However, the future is not as good as they hoped, and they need to take on the responsibility of saving the world.

Monster Trucks: Final Monster Car Battle
Play Time: 0:03:27

Looking for any way to get away from the life and town he was born into, Tripp (Lucas Till), a high school senior, builds a Monster Truck from bits and pieces of scrapped cars. After an accident at a nearby oil-drilling site displaces a strange and subterranean creature with a taste and a talent for speed, Tripp may have just found the key to getting out of town and a most unlikely friend. Melding cutting edge visual effects and state-of-the-art CGI, Monster Trucks is an action filled adventure for the whole family that will keep you on the edge of your seat and ultimately touch your heart.

Altered: Come To Daddy (US)
Play Time: 0:02:11

Altered is a 2024 American science fiction action film written and directed by Timo Vuorensola. It stars Tom Felton, Liza Bugulova, Richard Brake, Igor Jijikine and Aggy K. Adams.