VideoReady Stream. Engage. Monetize. Rich, Flexible and Extendable Solution for your branded OTT platforms Request a Demo × Built for Monetization Comprehensive monetization features supporting all business models along with innovation led monetization for VOD and live Launch Within Days Faster time to market with configurable cross-platform apps and marketplace led pre-integrations enabling launch in a few days Cross-Platform Apps  for All Devices Have a presence on all devices you want with cross-platform apps across mobile, web and connected TV devices Your Platform Your IP Own the entire sourcecode and own your roadmap to shape the destiny of your business your way.Optimized for Results Modelled for Business Outcomes Flexible pricing models and partner
                            marketplace to enable a bespoke solution
                            that solves for custom business needs We Cover All Segments Discover How VideoReady Can Help
                    you Build the Next Great OTT Platform Request a Demo Why VideoReady? Get a robust technology solution for all your OTT business needs. Feature Rich & Extendable Comprehensive feature set enabling Experience, Engagement & Monetization. Coverage for Sports. Entertainment and Infotainment content. Comprehensive Content Management System Supports both On-Demand and Live Content. Coverage for Feature, Episodic and Sports Content. Experience Manager for Configuring Device Level Experience. Flexible Metadata Model with multi-lingual support. Cross-platform Applications across Connect TV landscape Apps designed for Experience, Engagement & Monetization. Presence across mobile, web, Smart TVs and Streaming boxes/sticks. Common code base for faster time to market and new feature roll-out. Designed and architect to support other custom or product back end platforms. Pre-Integration with Industry Leading Products Best in class products preintegrated for faster time to market. Market place model to choose based on feature and budget needs. Integrated discounted pricing for maximed value. Complete ownership model for ease of execution. Cloud Agnostic Deployment & Workflows Flexibility for deployment on any public, private or hybrid cloud. Support for any cloud native or product based video pipeline. Partners Ecosystem Our Insights Whitepaper Building Profitable OTT Businesses with
                        Monetisation-as-a-Service (MaaS) In the crowded and fiercely competitive OTT market, it has become necessary for OTT companies to find new ways to generate more revenues and maximize ROI of their investments in content, technology and marketing. In this whitepaper, we discuss Monetisation-as-a-Service (MaaS) as an approach for OTT companies to differentiate and innovate as compared to competition. Download now Blog Blockchain for
                                subscription
                                management in OTT Read Now Blog Various monetization
                                models for OTT
                                platforms Read Now Blog Future of mobile
                                application
                                development Read Now Blog OTT & It’s Trends Read Now Privacy Policy