Videri. – We bring easy to digital. Skip to content Software Canvas Why Partner Explore ＋ Videri Blog Resources Inspiration LookBook Build Your Wall Quickstart Guide Developer Software Canvas Why Partner Explore ＋ Videri Blog Resources Inspiration LookBook Build Your Wall Quickstart Guide Developer Menu Videri end-to-end platform. Easy. Flexible. Interoperable. Introducing Videri Digital Canvas. The world’s thinnest, lightest and smartest digital canvas. Canvas Create jaw-dropping experiences that stop traffic and engage audiences. Videri Canvases blend in to let your message stand out. Put digital where you never thought possible, delivering limitless possibilities. Ultra slim, flush mount with thin bezels No external media players Requires only one thin power cable Low power, ADA compliant, ESG friendly Discover Videri Canvas Explore Videri Canvas Client Installations Deploy. And install digital effortlessly. Rapidly expand your growing footprint of digital displays, or get your business into digital for the first time without the complexity of external components. Deploy content in a snap. Provision and push content live remotely or locally and check what's playing in real-time Set up your layout or Wall unique to that location, planogram or placement Schedule backlight on/off timing for energy efficiencies Manage. And publish content at scale. Publish across 1 display or 100,000 with enterprise-grade scalability. Centralize all your digital assets and publish without any custom content creation. Preview content positioning on one display or on a Wall of Canvases before you publish Use local, regional and global permissions to enable relevant content refreshes Publish to a single location or to all your locations Deploy a domination message across your entire footprint on time and schedule and remove it in a snap Set dynamic scheduling that adjusts content automatically based on external conditions and triggers Monitor. With centralized control and global visibility. Monitor your digital from anywhere. Get the confidence that you have the right content in the right place, at exactly the right time. Advanced Management. Verify that content is working as planned and view content currently playing in real-time Provide proof of play with visuals to stakeholders Combine content assets with widgets and other real-time information Monitoring & Reporting. Monitor Canvas health with alerts for power issues or schedules expiring Troubleshoot, view network signal, energy uptime, CPU utilization and more Generate reports on each Canvas Orchestrate. Engage audiences in new ways with Videri’s unique Wireless Orchestration. Turn heads and stop traffic with jaw-dropping digital Walls. Let your message stand out in the digital clutter. Orchestrate a single piece of content across 1 Canvas or a layout of multiple Canvases, called a Wall Create your brand's own unique Wall and drag and drop content into Canvases, with pinch-to-zoom precision placement - no custom content required The Videri platform adapts creative across your layout and adjusts for spacing automatically A platform purpose-built for your business, big or small. For Large Enterprises. Manage at scale. Control & schedule globally. Trusted by some of the worlds largest global brands to deploy, manage and monitor their global digital display deployments with performance and scale Manage at scale.
Control & schedule globally. For Small Businesses. Stop printing. Start promoting with digital. Upgrade from static print to dynamic digital. Easy to manage and install. Get into digital for the first time, or optimize your digital displays to better engage audience and drive stronger ROI. Manage at scale.
Control & schedule globally. Bring your own display with Videri SparkBridge. Not ready to upgrade your legacy displays? No problem. Leverage Videri's media player and manage your content with publishing tools that keep content fresh, no matter what the display Monitor the health and performance of your entire network of displays  in one view Request a demo Secure your content. Don’t let your digital signage be a risk to your business. With multiple layers of security features, Videri’s end-to-end Platform is built with security at the forefront, securing both hardware and software together. Bluetooth communication to the Canvas can only originate from the Videri App, and is encrypted with a key stored in the mobile device’s secure storage Uses NIST 800-88 compliant data centers and a network architected to protect information, identities, applications, and devices OAuth 2.0 open standard for autorization, SOC2 compliant No externally accessible hardware ports so the canvas cannot be tampered with locally Let your message Be Seen. Beautifully. Engage audiences and stop traffic with jaw-dropping content that let’s your message stand out. Clearly. Execute on high-impact digital that transforms POS signage and upsells or cross-sells to deliver ROI in days, not years. Simply. No need for complex components or custom digital content. Finally take the complexity out of digital. Everywhere. Deploy to 1 location or 100,000 at scale with flexible display layouts that let you adapt to changing formats and locations. “Videri now gives us the ability to dynamically communicate as a brand, earning attention and engagement from anywhere on the planet, in real-time. These experiences will inevitably change our digital visual strategies through retail channels that were economically not possible before.” Anheuser Busch, Sr. Director, Marketing Culture and Learning Trusted by some of the worlds largest global brands to manage their global digital display deployments. Knowledge Base Legal Privacy policy & terms of service Sustainability Vulnerability disclosure policy Contact us support@videri.com info@videri.com press@videri.com 212-920-1280 Videri Inc., 383 5th Ave, 5th floor, New York, NY 10016 USA Linkedin-in Instagram Copyright © 2025 Videri Inc. All rights reserved. VIDERI and the VIDERI logo are registered trademarks of Videri Inc. Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Software Canvas Why Partner Developer Videri Blog Resources Inspiration Look Book Build Your Wall Quickstart Guide Software Canvas Why Partner Developer Videri Blog Resources Inspiration Look Book Build Your Wall Quickstart Guide