VideoByte | Accelerating content performance Products Solutions VBX A2V Contextual About REQUEST A DEMO Innovating the true potential of CTV . Can an ad server elevate the entire viewing experience? Can content reinforce brand messaging, programmatically? Is the fabled “perfect placement” achievable with CTV? What does real engagement look like on CTV? VideoByte has innovated around these questions and more to build the CTV of
														tomorrow. DISCOVER OUR INNOVATIONS The ad server powering exceptional viewing experiences. Unique demand. New supply. AUDIO NEVER LOOKED THIS GOOD! LEARN MORE Your easy button
										for contextual enablement LEARN MORE Industry Shifting Innovation Did they think rebranding a “commercial break” to an “ad pod” was innovation? VideoByte’s platform solves industry pain points by focusing on improving advertising effectiveness and enhancing viewers'
										experience by unifying contextual, optimizing ad delivery, leveraging data science and bolstering bid algorithms. Brand Moment IQ Choose THE perfect moment for your ad based on scene sentiment, entities, key topics and phrases, a best match for the viewer and brand. Brand Consideration Brand Favorability LEARN MORE ADAPTIVE OVERLAY New, unique inventory with an uninterrupted streaming experience. Adaptive Overlay enables memorable message delivery while keeping users engaged watching their favorite content. Brand Awareness Engagement LEARN MORE CONTEXTUAL TRUE BID Analyze new paths and enrich bids with accurate, granular, contextual metadata. Bid confidently within brand safe identified content. Purchase Intent Positive Perception LEARN MORE Industry Shifting Innovation POP QUIZ What do you get when you combine the intelligent placement of Brand Moment IQ with the attention bursts and uninterrupted viewing of Adaptive Overlay and a way to accurately signal it all with contextual True Bid? a An elevated viewing experience optimized for monetization b A way for publishers to anoint their inventory and buyers to see it c Buyers delivering messaging to relevant and engaged audiences d All of the above! (you knew it was coming) Let us know how you scored Answer: d - did you really need to check that? A Truly Proficient Platform VBX is VideoByte’s premier ad serving platform. With each hand polished platform facet our mission is to provide our broadcasters and publishers the most innovative, capable and easy to use CTV platform so they
										can focus on what they do best; making quality content that
										entertains. UNIFIED AUCTION Dynamic price competition with agnostic demand. MORE CONTEXTUAL ENABLEMENT Align video ads with content to maximize yield and ensure brand safety MORE COMPLIANCE Tech that makes the complexity of compliance a simple solution MORE X POD Unique, non-competitive, frequency capped ads in a pod built for optimization. MORE SSAI Dynamic Server Side Ad Insertion for programmatic scale. MORE UNIFIED REPORTING Granular insights all in one place. MORE Proudly partnered with You’ve probably heard ... VideoByte Partners with DoubleVerify to Eliminate Invalid Traffic VideoByte Partners with Katz Digital to Elevate Audio Advertising into Connected TV with A2V Technology Connected TV Advertising Companies VideoByte and VideoBridge Announce Merger VideoByte and IRIS.TV Partner to Bring Enhanced Contextual Enablement to CTV A2V by VideoByte Delivers Audio Ads for CTV Capture the true potential of CTV . Request a demo VideoByte inc. 2301 Blake Street Denver, CO 80205 info@videobyte.com © 2022. VideoByte | Privacy Policy Contact form × Full Name * Email Address * We'll never share your email with anyone else. Job Title Company Website Company Type Product Interest Contextual Targeting Video Recommendations Analytics and Prescriptive Insight Message * Cancel Submit