This site uses third-party cookies to obtain statistical data in the navigation of our users and improve the content offered by the site. If you accept or continue browsing, we consider that you agree with its use.
For more information, click here.

I Agree
Vidoomy
Who we are Advertisers Publishers How we do it Formats News Contact Login Register Now 
EN
2500

direct publishers work with us

Advertisers Publishers
Who we are

Vidoomy is a company specialized in Digital Video Advertising.

We offer the best monetization results to increase our Publishers revenues by delivering high impact video advertising campaigns from well-known Brands & Agencies globally.

Now with more than 2000 satisfied Publishers, Vidoomy is able to reach millions of users all over the world, impacting the right audiences for your campaigns.

More information
Agencies & Advertisers

Our aim is to get the perfect audience for your Digital Video Advertising campaigns.

Our technology allows us to connect directly to Premium Publishers. Providing that first look on high quality, safe and 100% fraud free inventory that your campaign needs.

We understand the dedication, efforts and resources your team invest in generating those high impact Video advertising content. Hence, we focus on delivering your campaign to the right users aiming for those potential customers.

More information
AGENCIES & ADVERTISERS
Brand Safety

Your commercial will always appear on the premium sites that your audience visits.

+ info
KPIs

Impact the right user at the right time and place.

+ info
Speed / Quickness

Get billions of daily auctions thanks to our large-scale users across all devices.

+ info
Publishers

Maximize your revenue and profits with our non-intrusive Video ads.

We understand your business core so we want you to get the best ROI out of that high quality editorial content your team dedicates so much efforts to create to satisfy and engage new audiences every day.

As we are interested in your tranquility, we offer the best support to all your needs and above all, the highest profitability for your business. Just focus your efforts on creating that high engaging content your users like and look for.

More information
PUBLISHERS
Best ROI

Our ads are totally suitable with your current monetization strategy which translates on new revenue sources without impacting your existing ones.

+ info
Data

We offer the highest CPMs on the market with a very competitive Fill rate.

+ info
Tech+

We give you full access to an advanced and transparent dashboard so you can check your statistics on real time.

+ info
How
we do it

Vidoomy has rapidly positioned to the highest standards levels in the industry due to our technology, being our adaptability our major potential.

We are a tech-driven company able to deliver premium video advertising campaigns while increasing and maximizing our Publisher´s ROI thanks to our direct integration with now more than 2000 websites which allow us to target specific audiences.

Our Video formats have proven an incredible acceptance by our users same as our Advertisers who have verified and accomplished their campaign needs. Vidoomy´s competitive advantages are the high ROI we provide for our Publishers and the high KPI´s we accomplish for our Advertisers.

More information



Formats
Slider
inText
inStream
  

Select the device view

Viewability + 80%
High Engagement
Fully customizable
CPV, CPM
Audio On/Off (mouse-over)
Non-intrusive
Y/N - Skippable

 Fraud Free  High Viewability  High Monetization

News
Contact
I have read and agree on the terms and conditions
SEND

Mouse-over the colored points to see the details

 
 

© 2025 vidoomy | Privacy Policy