VIDTUBE Upload Premium Earn Money Service API Terms of Service About us Contacts Login Register Login Register Video Sharing Script Your videos are stored the safest fastest and earn real money. Get start Premium plans Our features Cloud Storage Gravida non vel at egestas id. Nisi sagittis, enim eget sit imperdiet at. Urna velit id bibendum tristique non fringilla vitae platea. Secure Gravida non vel at egestas id. Nisi sagittis, enim eget sit imperdiet at. Urna velit id bibendum tristique non fringilla vitae platea. Streaming Gravida non vel at egestas id. Nisi sagittis, enim eget sit imperdiet at. Urna velit id bibendum tristique non fringilla vitae platea. Speed Gravida non vel at egestas id. Nisi sagittis, enim eget sit imperdiet at. Urna velit id bibendum tristique non fringilla vitae platea. Support 24/7 Gravida non vel at egestas id. Nisi sagittis, enim eget sit imperdiet at. Urna velit id bibendum tristique non fringilla vitae platea. Extensive statistics Gravida non vel at egestas id. Nisi sagittis, enim eget sit imperdiet at. Urna velit id bibendum tristique non fringilla vitae platea. Sharing videos Quickly upload any file type and share it with Xvideosharing. Register Need to know What is XVideoSharing? XVideoSharing is a video hosting provider. We offer online storage, sophisticated uploading and video streaming tools. With XVideoSharing you can host your videos and play them online from browser / mobile devices. Why should I use XVideoSharing? Whenever you need to share a video, XVideoSharing can help. We optimize quality / size of your videos and make them playable in web player. So you can start watching video quickly without downloading whole file. Can I search for files other people uploaded? Yes, you can Search for other video files that were marked as Public. What kind of files can be uploaded? All video format files. The only restrictions are for copyrighted material, pornography, nudity and any kind offensive material. Please refer to our TOS for more info on XVideoSharing terms of service. How to delete a file I uploaded? To delete a file you uploaded you can use Delete Link that was provided to you after the upload proccess or delete it from My Videos page. Can I hotlink the stuff I upload? No. Hotlinking is not allowed on any kind of files uploaded to our servers. Earn money Earn a fixed amount per 10,000 downloads or streams. The payment amount is defined by the origin country referred to in the Level table / Worldmap below. Details © 2023 VIDTUBE. All rights reserved. Terms of service API Documentation FAQ Premium Earn money Link Checker Contact Us