River Cruises - European, Asian, Mississippi & Nile Cruises | Viking® Rivers Oceans Expeditions Complimentary Brochures Call Viking at 138 747 or Contact Your Travel Advisor Viking River Cruises® Please fill out this field Menu Rivers Oceans Expeditions Search Please fill out this field Go Back Use enter or spacebar key to select the link Use enter or spacebar key to expand or collapse the menu Cruises Find
                                                A
                                                Cruise Special
                                                    Offers Regions Europe Austria France Germany Hungary Portugal The
                                                        Netherlands Switzerland Other
                                                        Destinations Africa
                                                    & Middle East Egypt Asia India Vietnam North
                                                    America United
                                                        States Waterways Rhine Danube Elbe Seine Rhone Garonne Douro Mississippi Nile Mekong Brahmaputra Seasonal &
                                                Combination Christmas
                                                        Markets Tulip
                                                        Season River
                                                        + Ocean
                                                        Combinations Other Cruise
                                                Types Expeditions Oceans Ships Fleet Overview 360° Ship Tours Viking Europe Ships Viking
                                                        Longships - Rhine, Main, Danube Viking
                                                        Longships - Douro Viking
                                                        Longships - Elbe Viking
                                                        Longships - Seine Viking Egypt Ships Viking
                                                        Amun Viking
                                                        Anubis Viking
                                                        Aton Viking
                                                        Geb Viking
                                                        Hathor Viking
                                                        Osiris Viking
                                                        Ptah Viking
                                                        Ra Viking
                                                        Sekhmet Viking
                                                        Sobek Viking
                                                        Thoth MS
                                                        Antares Viking Mississippi Ships Viking
                                                        Mississippi Viking Asia Ships Viking
                                                        Brahmaputra Viking
                                                        Saigon Viking
                                                        Tonle Why Viking The Viking Difference Cultural Partners Awards My Viking Story Community News Complimentary Brochures One Viking My Trip My Viking Journey Viking Air Updates on Current
                                                Sailings Travel Information Frequently Asked
                                                Questions Silver Spirits Beverage Package Videos Why Viking Cruise Itineraries Destination Insights Ships All Search Please fill out this field Click this link to navigate to the Find A Cruise page Shot 1 A small ocean cruise ship sails behind the Sydney Opera house on a sunny day. The words, “Five Oceans” appear in the center of the frame. Shot 2 A river cruise ship sails toward the frame on a sunny day. In the foreground is the Budapest Parliament building with its many spires and central dome.  The words, “Twenty-One Rivers” appear in the center of the frame. Shot 3 A blonde-haired woman in a red jacket and a winter hat with a Scandinavian design looks through binoculars on the left side of the frame. Behind her is water and various rugged cliffs, some with snow on them. The words, “Seven Continents” appear in the center of the frame. Shot 4 An ocean cruise ship with flags on it is in the center of a bay with small mountains in the background. The words, “One Viking #1 for Rivers #1 for Oceans five years in a row” appear in the blue sky at the top-center of the frame along with a red logo with white text that reads: Condé Nast Traveler Readers’ Choice Awards 2025” Find A Cruise CRUISE TYPE CRUISE TYPE CRUISE TYPE * cruise type is a required field REGION REGION DEPARTURE DATE DEPARTURE DATE DURATION DURATION search Call a Viking Expert, or see your Travel Agent 138 747 TAP TO CALL EXPLORER SALE CHOOSE YOUR OFFER AND SAVE UP TO AU$5,000 PER COUPLE * Fly free - use code FFE25 Flight upgrade credit - use code FFB25 Save on your cruise fare – use code CRU25 Learn More New Explorer Society Magazine Explore Our Current Offers New 2025-2027 River Brochure Sign up to receive updates from Viking Stay current with special offers, news and destination-focused content. SIGN UP Call a Viking Expert, or see your Travel Agent Call a Viking Expert, or see your Travel Agent 138 747 138 747 TAP TO CALL Viking Cruises Footnote *Prices are per person, in Australian dollars and for Australian and New Zealand residents only. They are based on double occupancy, subject to availability and correct at time of publication. Prices include all advertised discounts. All offers are subject to availability and valid only for new bookings only on selected departures made between 02 December 2025 - 31 March 2026 at 6PM AEDT unless sold out prior. Viking reserves the right to correct errors or omissions and to change any and all fares, fees and surcharges at any time. View the Passenger Ticket Contract for full booking terms and conditions. ↩ View full promotion terms and conditions Company Information Contact Us Speak with a Viking Agent Order a Brochure Special Offers Travel Advisors FAQ Media Center About Us Investor Relations Careers Site Map Legal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Manage Cookies Viking River Cruises Europe Asia Egypt Mississippi Viking Ocean Cruises Scandinavia British Isles & Ireland North America Caribbean & Central America South America Mediterranean Quiet Season Mediterranean Asia Australia & New Zealand World Cruises Grand Journeys Viking Expeditions Antarctica The Arctic Great Lakes North America South America Grand Journeys Longitudinal World Cruises © Viking Cruises, 2025. All Rights Reserved. Footnote *Prices are per person, in Australian dollars and for Australian and New Zealand residents only. They are based on double occupancy, subject to availability and correct at time of publication. Prices include all advertised discounts. All offers are subject to availability and valid only for new bookings only on selected departures made between 02 December 2025 - 31 March 2026 at 6PM AEDT unless sold out prior. Viking reserves the right to correct errors or omissions and to change any and all fares, fees and surcharges at any time. View the Passenger Ticket Contract for full booking terms and conditions. ↩ View full promotion terms and conditions Company Information Contact Us Speak with a Viking Agent Order a Brochure Special Offers Travel Advisors FAQ Media Center About Us Investor Relations Careers Site Map Legal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Manage Cookies Viking River Cruises Europe Asia Egypt Mississippi Viking Ocean Cruises Scandinavia British Isles & Ireland North America Caribbean & Central America South America Mediterranean Quiet Season Mediterranean Asia Australia & New Zealand World Cruises Grand Journeys Viking Expeditions Antarctica The Arctic Great Lakes North America South America Grand Journeys Longitudinal World Cruises Call a Viking Expert, or see your Travel Agent Call a Viking Expert, or see your Travel Agent 138 747 138 747 Viking Cruises © Viking Cruises, 2025. All Rights Reserved. CLOSE RIVER OFFERS TERMS & CONDITIONS TERMS & CONDITIONS APPLICABLE FOR BOOKINGS MADE BETWEEN 02 DECEMBER 2025 – 31 MARCH 2026 AT 6pm (AEDT) ON ALL RIVER SAILINGS (2025-2028) Prices are per person, in Australian dollars and for Australian and New Zealand residents only. They are based on double occupancy and correct at time of printing. Prices include all advertised discounts, and all offers are subject to availability and may be withdrawn at any time. All offers are only valid for new bookings and only on selected departures made between 02 December 2025 – 31 March 2026 at 6pm (AEDT) unless sold out prior. A partially refundable deposit of AU$1,000 per person (in the form of a future cruise voucher less an AU$100 cancellation fee) is required to secure a confirmed reservation within 3 days of booking otherwise reservation may automatically cancel. Once deposit payment has been made, standard cancellation penalties apply. When booking airfares through Viking (including when taking advantage of a special offer that includes air travel), standard airline cancellation fees also apply. Displayed prices indicate the lowest available pricing across all available sailings from 2025 to 2028 and may have different offers applicable from those advertised for the promoted sailing years. Pricing for each itinerary can vary at short notice as availability changes and sailings close for the current season. Complete terms and conditions may be found in the Passenger Ticket Contract . Flexible Deposit Policy (01 April 2024 – 31 March 2026 at 6PM AEDT) Terms & Conditions. Our flexible deposit policy applies to new reservations only made between 01 April 2024 – 31 March at 6pm AEDT and is combinable with all other Viking offers available. Under our flexible deposit policy, qualified guests can cancel their booking before final payment due date and receive deposit back in the form of a future cruise voucher less a AU$100 per person cancellation fee. Guests will have 24 months to select their new date and use their Future Cruise Voucher to make a new reservation on any river, ocean, or expedition cruise. When booking airfares through Viking (including when taking advantage of a special offer that includes air travel), standard airline cancellation fees will also apply. In some cases, airfares will be non-refundable. In the event of cancellation, these fees will be deducted from the deposit paid, and therefore the future cruise voucher issued. The future cruise voucher can be used on any new Viking cruise and will be applied at booking and must be redeemed by the expiration date prior to final payment. The future cruise voucher has no cash value and will be applied as a ’Booking Discount’. Once the voucher is redeemed, it cannot be re‐issued or used towards another cruise, and any unused balance of the voucher is lost and has no cash value. Valid future cruise voucher is non-transferable. APPLICABLE FOR BOOKINGS MADE BETWEEN 02 DECEMBER 2025 – 31 MARCH 2026 AT 6pm (AEDT) ON 2026, 2027 & 2028 SAILINGS ONLY. Fly Free Economy Flights up to the value of AU$2,500pp when booking flights with Viking. Fly Free is economy flight(s) for both guests up to the value of AU$2,500 per person (pp) to/from Australia/New Zealand. If the flight cost exceeds AU$2,500pp the difference must be covered by the guest, to be paid at the time of flight booking. If flights are cheaper than AU$2,500pp the unused portion of the air funds will be waived and cannot be transferred towards any other portion of the booking or any other person. A guest can request the AU$2,500pp to be used towards a flight upgrade from economy to a higher cabin class (booked through Viking) with AU$2,500pp off the higher cabin airfare. The difference in flight cost must be covered by the guest and be paid at the time of flight booking. Applicable if flights are booked through Viking and must be booked in conjunction with a selected 2026/2027/2028 Viking River cruise. Flights are Viking’s choice of airline for selected major gateways in AU/NZ: ADL/AKL/BNE/CBR/CHC/CNS/DRW/HBA/LST/MEL/OOL/PER/SYD/WLG. Guest must return their air form to Viking within 14 business days of receiving request for flights, otherwise Viking reserve the right to remove the free air promo and apply the respective in lieu of flights discount. Guest may not request to change to flights included promotion post campaign end date of 31 March 2026. Viking will reach out to you or your travel advisor once flights are in the date range, at this point you may nominate your preferred departure/arrival dates. Both guests must be on the same airline booking (PNR) and fly together in both directions, in the same cabin class. Guests within the same booking must select the same offer. Solo guests for River cruises can use up to AU$5,000 per booking towards their flights. Any unused portion of the air funds will be waived and cannot be transferred towards any other portion of the booking or any other person or booking. Valid on bookings made between 02 December 2025 – 31 March 2026 at 6pm (AEDT). Please use code FFE25 to activate the Fly Free offer when booking online or via the Contact Centre. Guests can only redeem one offer per booking either Fly Free OR Business Class Air Credit OR Save and book Cruise Only. If no code is selected when booking via online, the Fly Free offer will be applied. Business Class Air Credit up to the value of AU$2,500pp when booking flights with Viking. Guests receive a AU$2,500pp Business Class Air Credit towards their business class airfare with the difference to be covered by the guest and to be paid at the time of flight booking. Any unused portion of the Business Class Air Credit will be waived and cannot be transferred towards any other portion of the booking or any other person. Applicable if flights are booked through Viking and must be booked in conjunction with a selected 2026/2027/2028 Viking River cruise. Flights are Viking’s choice of airline for selected major gateways in AU/NZ: ADL/AKL/BNE/CBR/CHC/CNS/DRW/HBA/LST/MEL/OOL/PER/SYD/WLG. Guest must return their air form to Viking within 14 business days of receiving request for flights, otherwise Viking reserve the right to remove the free air promo and apply the respective in lieu of flights discount. Guest may not request to change to Business Class Air Credit promotion post campaign end date of 31 March 2026. Viking will reach out to you or your travel advisor once flights are in the date range, at this point you may nominate your preferred departure/arrival dates. Both guests must be on the same airline booking (PNR) and fly together in both directions, in the same cabin class. Guests within the same booking must select the same offer. Solo guests for River cruises can use up to AU$5,000 per booking towards their Business Class flights. Any unused portion of the air funds will be waived and cannot be transferred towards any other portion of the booking or any other person or booking. Valid on bookings made between 02 December 2025 – 31 March 2026 at 6pm (AEDT). Please use code FFB25 to activate the Business Class Air Credit offer when booking online or via the Contact Centre. Guests can only redeem one offer per booking either Fly Free OR Business Class Air Credit OR Save and book Cruise Only If no code is selected when booking via online, the Fly Free offer will be applied. Save AU$2,500pp and book flights independently. Guests are eligible to get a discount of AU$2,500 per person (pp) off the cruise fare at the time of booking in lieu of the Free Economy Class flights. Solo guests for River cruises are eligible to get a discount of AU$5,000 per booking off the cruise fare in lieu of the free flights. Guests within the same booking must select the same offer. Guests book their own flights independently of Viking. Valid on bookings made between 02 December 2025 – 31 March 2026 at 6pm (AEDT). Guest may not request to change to flights included promotion post campaign end date of 31 March 2026. Please use code CRU25 to activate the In Lieu of Flights offer when booking online or via the Contact Centre. Guests can only redeem one offer per booking either Fly Free OR Business Class Air Credit OR Save and book Cruise Only. If no code is selected when booking via online, the Fly Free offer will be applied APPLICABLE FOR NEW BOOKINGS MADE BETWEEN 02 – 31 DECEMBER 2025 ON 2025 RIVER SAILINGS. CRUISE ONLY OFFER – Save up to 30% on selected 2025 Viking River voyages. Applies to any new booking made between 02 - 31 December 2025 on a 2025 Viking River voyage.