Cybersecurity & Compliance Solutions | VikingCloud Services Cybersecurity Managed Security Services Penetration Testing Network Security Vulnerability Scanning Endpoint Security Digital Certificates Threat Detection & Response Digital Forensics Services Compliance & Risk PCI Compliance Processors, Acquirers & ISOs Risk Management Secure Payment Solution Data Privacy Web Risk Monitoring PCI Compliance for Small Businesses C-VEP: PCI Compliance Exemption Program featured PCI Compliance for Small Businesses Protect your customers and your bottom line with SecureTrust’s PCI Manager. Buy Now VikingCloud is the only Mastercard Preferred C-VEP Provider C-VEP: PCI Compliance Exemption Program For Acquirers C-VEP is the first cybersecurity alternative to mandatory PCI DSS compliance for SMBs. Platform Industries main industries we serve Auto Service, Repair & Parts Fuel & Convenience Stores Hotels & Hospitality Pharmacies Restaurants Retail Travel & Tourism featured Hotel & Hospitality Focus on hospitality, while we keep your digital infrastructure safe and sound. Retail Round-the-clock protection so you can focus on delivering an exceptional retail experience. About corporate Why VikingCloud? Leadership Events and Webinars Press & News Join Our Team contact 24x7 Support Media Kit featured Why VikingCloud? The Predict-to-Prevent cybersecurity and compliance company. Events & Webinars Meet with our industry experts at upcoming events, webinars, and conferences! Resources Resource by type Blog Press & News Case Studies Datasheets eBooks Infographics Podcast Reports Videos Webinars (recorded) White Papers Cybersecurity Glossary PCI Compliance Guide All Resources featured Blog Stay up-to-date on the latest happenings in Cybersecurity and PCI Compliance. Podcast Our take on everything Cybersecurity and PCI Compliance. Search Vikingcloud Log in Asgard Platform Log In My VikingCloud Log In Digital Certificates Control Center Log In Web Risk Monitoring Log In Contact us Log In Search VikingCloud Log In Asgard Platform MyVikingCloud Digital Certificates Control Center Web Risk Monitoring Contact us Click to close The 2025 Cyber Threat Landscape Report: Cyber Risks, Opportunities, & Resilience Download Now We Stop Threats Before They Stop Your Business VikingCloud is the leading Predict-to-Prevent cybersecurity and compliance company helping organizations make informed, predictive, and cost-effective risk mitigation decisions – faster. Contact Us Cybersecurity We protect your business better because we see more. Find out more Compliance & Risk We are the leader in payment card industry compliance. Find out more Watch Our Video Welcome to VikingCloud 33+ Billion client cybersecurity threat events stopped every month. 6+ Billion online events monitored, anonymized, and tracked every day 4+ Million businesses trust VikingCloud every day 70+ COUNTRIES SERVED 28 PATENTS GRANTED 4 PATENTS PENDING Why Businesses Choose Vikingcloud Predictive Risk Prevention Stopping Threats Before They Stop Business. Unmatched Scale & ExpertisE On the Front Lines of Cybersecurity and Compliance – in 70 Countries. One-Stop Partner Streamlined Cybersecurity and Compliance Protection in One Integrated Solution. MSS Industry Infographics Click on one of the industries listed below to see how VikingCloud specializes in helping businesses implement robust cybersecurity and compliance programs at corporate headquarters and their remote sites to protect against cyber threats, meet mandatory regulations, and ensure the continuity of operations—to keep business uninterrupted. Auto Service Center Cybersecurity Fuel and C-Store Cybersecurity Hotel and Hospitality Cybersecurity Pharmacy Cybersecurity Restaurant Cybersecurity Retail Cybersecurity Travel and Tourism Cybersecurity FEATURED IN What Our Customers Say Thanks to VikingCloud’s support, we were able to complete our PCI assessments on time and with confidence. Their expertise and guidance have had a significant positive impact on our business, ensuring compliance while allowing us to focus on serving our customers. Nathalie Sandelin | Technical Project Lead  | Rely IT As a business, staying up and running when your internet goes down is priceless. And the fact that VikingCloud’s services are remarkably cost-effective is an added benefit. CEO| Major Grocers Association in the Midwest Choosing VikingCloud for our Risk Assessment was a game-changer for our business. The report was night and day different from our past in-house assessments. The whole process gave us confidence in our decision-making. That's a must-have for any business Chief Risk Officer | Technology Company Our collaboration with VikingCloud has allowed us to offer an unparalleled level of protection to our customers Cybersecurity Lead | Payment Solutions Software Provider | Latin America Our partnership with VikingCloud has delivered the knowledge and structure required to ensure our ongoing PCI DSS compliance. Lars-Göran Blomgren | CISO | Jula Holding We just finished our annual compliance audit and confirmed that all high-priority risks from the last year had been mitigated. We owe much of this successful transformation to VikingCloud. Cybersecurity Lead | California-based Regional Health Care System VikingCloud News and Resources Check out the latest news and resources from VikingCloud. Explore All Resources Press Release September 18, 2025 Nearly 80% of Cybersecurity Leaders Fear They Could be the Target of a Nation-State Cyberattack in the Next 12 months, According to VikingCloud Data VikingCloud announces new research - data shows cyber risk is escalating as AI, geopolitical volatility, insider threats, and other factors converge Explore all Resources Press Release September 3, 2025 VikingCloud Announces Collaboration with Fiserv on Mastercard-designed C-VEP Solution VikingCloud announces collaboration with Fiserv on Mastercard-designed C-VEP Solution Explore all Resources Report September 15, 2025 The 2025 Cyber Threat Landscape Report: Cyber Risks, Opportunities, & Resilience This report provides results from the latest VikingCloud research - exposing the most urgent risks organizations face—and the 5 strategic shifts proven to strengthen resilience. Explore all Resources Infographic The Travel and Hospitality Industry: A Growing Destination for Cyberattacks Explore all Resources Press Release VikingCloud and Mastercard Join Forces to Help Protect Small and Medium Businesses from Cybercrime Explore all Resources Report VikingCloud's 2025 SMB Threat Landscape Report: Small- and Medium-Sized Businesses, Big Cybersecurity Risks This report based on our survey of over 200 SMB owners in North America, highlights insights and takeaways for SMB owners looking to elevate their cybersecurity posture. Explore all Resources Let's Talk Get started with a VikingCloud cybersecurity and compliance assessment with our cybersecurity experts. Contact Us Connect with us: Stay in the know Get VikingCloud Resources, News, & Views delivered straight to your inbox. Solutions Cybersecurity Managed Security Services Threat Detection and Response Vulnerability Scanning Penetration Testing Endpoint Security Network Security Digital Certificates Compliance & Risk PCI Compliance Risk Management Data Privacy Processors, Acquirers, and ISOs Secure Payment Solution Web Risk Monitoring PCI Compliance for Small Business Asgard Platform Why Asgard Tour Technology About Us Why VikingCloud Press & News Events & Webinars Leadership Join Our Team Media Kit Login Asgard Platform MyVikingCloud Digital Certificates Control Center Web Risk Monitoring Resources Blog Podcast Case Studies Datasheets eBooks Infographics Reports Whitepapers Cybersecurity Glossary PCI Compliance Guide Industries Fuel & Convenience Stores Hospitality Pharmacy Restaurants Retail Travel Contact Contact Us 24x7 Support ©202X Viking Cloud, Inc. or its affiliates. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Accessibility