Global Leader in Payment Recovery & Churn Reduction | Vindicia Product Vindicia Retain - Failed Payment Recovery Vindicia Subscribe - Subscription Management Integrations Security and Compliance Solutions BY INDUSTRY SaaS / Software Publishing / Media BY ROLE Payments Professionals Resources Resource Center Revenue Calculator On-Demand Webinars Success Stories NEWS/EVENTS In The News Press Releases Technical Center Knowledge Center Developer Hub Client Services Glossary FAQ Company Who We Are About Vindicia Our Team Our People Our Clients Awards Careers Partners Our Partners Become a Partner Refer a Business Blog Contact Merchant Portal Product Vindicia Retain - Failed Payment Recovery Integrations Security and Compliance Solutions By Industry SaaS / Software Publishing / Media By Role Payments Professionals Resources Resource Center On-Demand Webinars Events Success Stories News/Events In The News Press Releases Technical Center Knowledge Center Developer Hub Client Services Glossary FAQ Company Who We Are About Vindicia Awards Our Clients Careers Partners Our Partners Become a Partner Blog Contact Us Merchant Portal Book a demo Step Up Your Revenue Recovery Game Recover up to 50% of failed payments and minimize churn with Vindicia Retain AI-driven, risk-free solution, optimizing revenue and enhancing subscriber experience. Learn how Keep more revenue every billing cycle By minimizing involuntary churn, we help you improve the customer experience, avoid service interruptions, and enhance customer lifetime value. We train our always-improving AI and ML models with over two decades of payments data from 1.8B+ transactions to smoothly recover unsolvable, failed recurring transactions. Our non-invasive, super thin, automated solution makes payments intelligence work for you. Explore Vindicia Retain Drive more revenue and business growth in 2025 and beyond Maximize your revenue potential with Vindicia Retain – the global leader in payment recovery. Take a proactive approach to reducing passive churn, recovering failed payments, and unlocking long-term growth. Discover how Vindicia Retain can empower your payments team and elevate your business performance in 2025 and beyond. Explore Vindicia Retain Integrated with Why Vindicia Retain? Vindicia is the subscription industry’s #1 failed payment recovery solution. Explore these resources to learn why: Grow faster with insights from our two decades of transaction data Get actionable, real-time data that will immediately benefit your business. Learn more Read our comprehensive revenue recovery guide Discover strategies and best practices to recover failed payments and minimize involuntary churn. Learn more Discover real-world payment resolution success rates Review case studies and success rates from our clients to see why Vindicia Retain is trusted by leading merchants, processors, and enterprises worldwide. Learn more “Working with Vindicia Retain has been an absolute breeze. It seamlessly complements our payment processes, requiring minimal effort. Vindicia Retain’s intelligent models resolve our failed recurring payments and simplify the payment complexity that might otherwise lead to disconnected customers. We've been able to recover revenue but more so enable a frictionless business continuity for our subscribers.” — Pawan Kumar Pasumarti, Solution Architect at Equifax Read more success story “We take failed payments seriously. Adding Vindicia Retain to the last step of our payment recovery process allowed us to seamlessly recover transactions and keep more subscribers connected, engaged, and happy.” — Julie Ransom, Senior Payment Manager, Ancestry Read more success story “We've been using Vindicia Retain for a few months, and the platform has helped us improve our subscription revenue by reducing churn and recovering failed payments we were missing before. We’re happy with Vindicia Retain and would highly recommend it to any business looking to improve it’s retry strategy.” — Jeremy Feldman, Digital Audience Director, Anchorage Daily News Read more success story "Vindicia Retain has helped us to streamline our billing processes and integrates with our existing billing platforms. We have seen a notable impact on both our monthly revenue and customer retention. Retain's smart technology allows us to mitigate involuntary customer churn without service interruptions. This increases our clients LTV and eliminates customer service issues. We would recommend Vindicia Retain to any business looking for a seamless payment recovery solution." — Leslie Cary, Senior Manager of Retention, The Dallas Morning News Read more success story “We have other systems centered around increasing collection and retention, but Vindicia Retain recaptures a population that would otherwise churn out. Although the service itself protects our revenue and helps maintain a healthy customer relationship, the support team is top-tier and provides quick, thorough, and often proactive help.” — Alexander Yu, Billing Analyst, Global Motor Vehicle Manufacturer Read more success story "The Vindicia team was responsive and knowledgeable. They worked well with our development team in India, our business team in Israel, and the payment processor. Distance was not an issue. They were even able to suggest improvements in the way we track active and passive churn that will help us benchmark our results against similar service providers." — Aryeh Brickner, Perion Read more success story Our Clients Give us a follow to keep up with product offers and industry news: Product Vindicia Retain - Failed Payment Recovery Integrations Security and Compliance Technical Center Knowledge Center Developer Hub Client Services Glossary FAQs Partners Our Partners Become a Partner Refer a Business Solutions SaaS / Software Publishing / Media Payments Professionals Company About Us Our Clients Awards Careers News Press Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Resource Center On-Demand Webinars Events Success Stories Book a Demo Subscription Intelligence Churn Management Contact Us 400 Concar Dr, 2nd Floor San Mateo, CA 94402 Email: info@vindicia.com Phone: +1 650 264 4700 Phone: +1 888 846 3424 Contact page Copyright ©2006-2025 Vindicia, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Accessibility