Auto Dealership Sales Software & Customer Management What's New on Vin Skip to content Cox Automotive Autotrader Central Dispatch Dealer.com Dealertrack EV Battery Solutions FleetNet America Fleet Services KBB Manheim NextGear Capital vAuto VinSolutions Xtime Autotrader Central Dispatch Dealer.com Dealertrack EV Battery Solutions FleetNet America Fleet Services KBB Manheim NextGear Capital vAuto VinSolutions Xtime What’s New Help 1-855-Cox-Auto 1-855-Cox-Auto Get Started Login VinSolutions Solutions Solutions CRM Desking Predictive Insights Automotive Marketing Platform Virtual Sales Assistant COX AUTOMOTIVE DEAL CENTRAL Be one of the first dealers to experience the technology, insights and guidance that is part of Cox Automotive's most powerful retail solution yet. Learn More Integrations Resources Help Help Center Knowledge Articles View Open Cases System Health Insights Industry Insights Improving Performance Dealer Experience Data & Analytics All Other Insights Evaluate Product Demo Integrations Testimonials Training Training Resources New User Onboarding Upcoming Webinars Live Training About Us Get Started Login What’s New Help 1-855-Cox-Auto Search Search Search Close Get Started Login Mobile Menu Home EXPERIENCE MORE INTELLIGENT SALES & MARKETING Hurry! Limited-time offers available at NADA. Book Demo VinSolutions is part of a powerful ecosystem of retail solutions from Cox Automotive Qualify for exclusive NADA show specials—and a $50 American Express® gift card—when you book and attend your demo ARE YOU ATTENDING NADA 2025?​ YES NO Book your demo Book your demo MAKE THE MOST OF EVERY CONNECTION Our intelligent CRM is built to connect dealerships with customers. Leveraging customizable processes and robust integrations, VinSolutions meets your evolving needs, helping you to identify opportunities sooner and sell more cars. GET STARTED VinSolutions is part of a powerful ecosystem of retail solutions from Cox Automotive Identify shoppers who are 9x more likely to buy. OUR SOLUTIONS Identify ready to buy customers and close more deals with VinSolutions, powered by exclusive buyer insights from Cox Automotive. Maximize profits with advanced CRM tools, AI-driven insights, automated marketing, and desking software to ensure seamless customer engagement and dealership success. CRM Increase sales and build stronger customer relationships with an intelligent CRM. Work with experts to help you unlock the full value of your CRM with exclusive customer insights you can easily act on to close more deals. Sell up to 34% more vehicles per month with automotive sales software that powers smarter selling. + Learn More Desking Close more profitable deals, faster. Build and compare multiple scenarios in seconds to find the one that works best for you and your customer. Compare offers side-by-side, send proposals by text, email, or print, and access real-time rates, rebates, and lender incentives —all in one place. With seamless DMS integration and a simple interface, you spend less time behind the screen and more time closing deals. It’s everything you need to move faster, sell smarter, and boost your bottom line. + Learn More Predictive Insights Target in-market shoppers who are ready to buy with Buying Signals. Leverage online shopping, trade-in value, sales and service history, along with other data to create compelling, highly personalized GenAI communications in seconds. Exclusive Cox Automotive data helps you reach people actively shopping for a vehicle. + Learn More Automotive Marketing Platform Deliver highly personalized campaigns using AMP — an automated omni-channel marketing solution that leverages real-time dealership data, CRM insights, and Cox Automotive’s first-party data. Integrated with Kelley Blue Book, Autotrader, and Dealer.com, AMP enables dealerships to target in-market shoppers with precision, automate offers across channels, and even identify sales opportunities in the service lane. + Learn More Virtual Sales Assistant Book three times more appointments with a virtual assistant. Choose how and when you’d like the sales assistant to respond and monitor customer sentiment with AI. Connect with customers instantly, at any time, through automated texts and emails powered by AI and your dealership data. + Learn More Cox Automotive Deal Central Experience the technology, insights and guidance from our most powerful retail solution. Learn More More to Explore Your Goals Matter. Let’s Crush Them Together. Each car dealership is unique, offering its own set of exciting opportunities. Identify your top opportunity to discover the best tools and techniques that can help you overcome any obstacles and boost your sales to new heights. I want to improve my close rate. I want to offer a better customer experience. I need a digital sales process that works. Show me how to increase my lead volume. How do I take the customer experience to the next level? I want cleaner data. I want a marketing plan that delivers real results. I want to empower my sales team with software that makes their jobs easier. I want to improve my close rate. Higher Close Rates Equal Higher Profits A few more closed deals could be a boom to your business every month. Discover solutions that boost automation, build flexibility, and create more streamlined processes for your sales team. Close more deals, faster I want to offer a better customer experience. Drive More Personal Connections In 2023, 43% of dealers said digital retailing creates a more personal connection with shoppers—up from just 25% the previous year. Meet Your Customers Where They’re At I need a digital sales process that works. Create a Hybrid, Digital Approach 75% of buyers and 81% of dealers surveyed are willing to work together in person to continue the digital car-buying process. When a customer trusts you, they’re more likely to close a deal, come back for service, and recommend the dealership to friends. Learn about the hybrid approach to retailing Show me how to increase my lead volume. Don’t Take a Wait-and-See Approach Consumers classified as “ready to buy” by CRM artificial intelligence tools were nearly 9x times more likely to make a purchase within 30 days than consumers with inconclusive Buying Signals. Discover how to capture hidden leads How do I take the customer experience to the next level? Streamline the Customer Experience According to recent studies, 69% of consumers report being highly satisfied with the overall vehicle shopping and buying process when dealerships use advanced CRM systems. Create next-level experiences I want cleaner data. Retain and Grow Your Business with Complete Data Incomplete consumer information is a huge headache for your sales staff and an even bigger pain for customers. Our data append services access your DMS (or other sources you provide) to enhance your phone, email, VIN, and other data sets instantly. Clean up my data I want a marketing plan that delivers real results. Is Your Message Getting Through? Better tools and technology can ensure your marketing reaches the right audience—at the right time. Integrating your dealership’s CRM with tools that enable automation can keep ready-to-buy leads front-and-center. Wow your customers with powerful marketing I want to empower my sales team with software that makes their jobs easier. Improve Your CRM ROI Your team is eager to win more sales and earn that commission. But software that’s difficult to learn may leave everyone saying, “what the tech?” at the end of the day. Underutilization leads to underperformance—and worse, turnover. Empower My Sales Team VinSolutions Integrations: Cox Automotive & Other Industry Software See Our Integrations See Our Integrations RELIABLE PERFORMANCE, PROVEN SUCCESS WITH VINSOLUTIONS 0 X More likely to buy VinSolutions data predictions for 30 days prior to purchase from August 2024 – July 2025, most recent analysis performed. 0 % More trade-ins Based on analysis of VinSolutions dealers with Predictive Insights from June 2024 – June 2025, analysis performed September 2025. 0 X roi Based on analysis of customer receiving messages from Automotive Marketing Platform from January 2023 – December 2024, analysis performed October 2025. REAL STORIES WITH REAL RESULTS Watch the videos below to see how these users are using VinSolutions’ latest features and tools to solve their dealership’s biggest challenges, including managing their sales processes, improving their customer experience, and driving results for their business. View All Why Choose VinSolutions Ryan Huang Ryan Huang, Sales Manager for Great Lakes Auto Group, shares how he and his team leverage GenAI. Great Lakes Auto Group Drive More Sales KateLynn Bregar This Internet Sales Director explains how VinSolutions CRM and Automotive Marketing Platform helps Tynan’s Auto Group sell more cars. Internet Sales Director Tynan’s Nissan Find Shoppers Sooner Kelly DeRosa This Sales Operations Manager explains the value of the reporting and analytics in VinSolutions. Davidson Automotive Group Drive More Sales Desmond Stirgus The Platform BDC Director shares how VinSolutions helps Parkway Kia Mazda close deals every day. Platform BDC Director Parkway Kia Mazda View All Resources Get the details on our solutions for dealers and learn about best practices, industry news, tips and tricks, and more. HELP Find answers, solve issues, and submit a support case —all just a click away. VISIT HELP CENTER INSIGHTS Access industry research and other insights to help you stay informed and make confident decisions. DISCOVER INSIGHTS EVALUATE Explore our innovative products and solutions to drive better outcomes for your dealership. EXPLORE SOLUTIONS TRAINING Boost your skills with flexible, hands-on training delivered online at your pace. ACCESS TRAINING Put VinSolutions to Work for Your Dealership We’d love to help you optimize your sales and profitability Get Started Take a Self-Guided Demo Explore VinSolutions with an interactive demo at your own pace. View Demo Get Started Contact A Sales Rep Complete this form to get a demo and connect with a sales representative. Contact Sales Current Client Get HELP Submit a case, access FAQs, articles and more within the help center. Access Help Center Current Client Get Training Your gateway to curated courses designed to help you enhance your knowledge and skills. Access Learning Center Required form fields Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone * Company * Job Title * Product(s) of Interest * CRM Predictive Insights and GenAI Desking Automotive Marketing Platform Virtual Assistant Cox Automotive Deal Central State * Select State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Zipcode * Comments Δ Sales Solutions CRM Desking Predictive Insights Automotive Marketing Platform Virtual Sales Assistant Cox Automotive Integrations Success Stories About Careers Resources Help Insights Evaluate Training Contact Us Contact Us Help Request a Demo Headquarters COX AUTOMOTIVE 6205 PEACHTREE DUNWOODY RD. ATLANTA, GA 30328 Terms of use Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Info Responsible Disclosure Policy © 2025 VinSolutions, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Follow us on https://www.youtube.com/user/vinsolutionsvideos Follow us on https://www.linkedin.com/company/vinsolutions Follow us on https://www.facebook.com/VinSolutions/ Follow us on https://x.com/VinSolutions The moment is now! Qualify for exclusive deals when you book your NADA demo. Book a Demo