Viously | Video, efficient and responsible. Advertisers About us Sign in Contact Publishers, unleash the full ‍ potential of video Viously, the ultimate all-in-one video tech solution for publishers Discover Viously The all-in-one AI-driven video solution for publishers Video is a powerful tool for engaging audiences, building brand awareness, and driving revenue. Yet, publishers frequently opt to outsource their video strategy to numerous intermediaries. This is where Viously comes in To empower publishers to take back control of their video strategy About us Viously elevates your video strategy to the next level Optimize video distribution Benefit from tools to deploy video at scale. Access a unified and powerful Ad Tech stack A seamless way to develop your video revenues through ad campaigns. Increase your traffic Add videos to your website to boost user engagement and provide better signals for SEO, Discover. Access high-quality video content from leading creators. Leverage our premium video marketplace to offer the relevant content to your audiences. Unleash the power of Connected TV We help you reach audiences across a wide range of smart TVs and streaming devices. Our products Video Player Video Hub Advertising Stack Analytics Video Player Powerful video player with lightning-fast performance. Proprietary revenue driven video player Streaming through in-house hosting infrastructure optimized for carbon footprint reduction Preserve your Core Web Vitals with page speed friendly & compliant player Video Hub Easy-to-use video platform that unlocks the full potential of your video content. No code video solution: manage your video integration without your technical team Bring your articles to life with captivating videos using our AI algorythms Robust marketplace offering a wide selection of video content from top creators and publishers CTV feature that enables publishers to distribute and monetize video content on connected TVs Advertising Stack Benefit from a full suite of ad tech solutions including server-to-server bidding, floor price automation, fill rate prediction, and more. Competition across leading demand sources including your own ad-server, SSP... Direct sales team to access premium campaigns Proprietary AI algorithms to predict user engagement Analytics Real-time reporting and live monitoring including proactive data driven actions to seamlessly optimize video strategy. Granular dashboard with URL-level data Countless advanced KPIs available on various expertise areas: Technical settings, Monetization, Audience, Brand Safety and more Intuitive API that provides seamless access to all your data at your fingertips Trusted by Leading Publishers Already established in Europe and expanding globally Viously in numbers 1 Billion video auctions per month 200 Billion rows of data analysed per day 120+ Sparteo's employees, ad-tech enthusiasts in 4 offices: Paris, London, Berlin, Lille. Unleash the full potential of your videos Contact us and get started today CONTACT US NOW Advertisers About Press Jobs Contact Viously is a company of © Copyright 2025 - Viously Privacy policy Legal notices