Virgin Australia | Bring on Wonderful Book Book now Let's fly Explore hotels Hire a car Travel insurance Holidays Pride Flight Activities Business Class Flights Flight specials Happy Hour Featured sales Sign up to V-mail Manage booking Retrieve your Travel Bank details Change or cancel Upgrade options Check-in Redeem travel credits Domestic flights Flights to Sydney Flights to Melbourne Flights to Brisbane Flights to Perth Flights to Gold Coast Flights to Cairns Explore all destinations International flights Flights to Bali Flights to Fiji Flights to Queenstown Flights to London Flights to Paris Flights to Rome Flights to Athens Explore Our network Destinations Travel inspiration Qatar Airways partnership Book flights Popular domestic routes Sydney to Melbourne Sydney to Brisbane Melbourne to Sydney Melbourne to Brisbane Brisbane to Sydney Adelaide to Melbourne Perth to Melbourne Popular international routes Sydney to Bali flights Melbourne to Bali flights Brisbane to Bali flights Sydney to Fiji flights Melbourne to Fiji flights Brisbane to Fiji flights Sydney to London flights Melbourne to London flights Travel info Flying with us Fare types Our fleet Agency Hub Airline partners Qatar Airways partnership Specific travel Specific needs and assistance Flying with kids Pet travel Charters Group travel Baggage Travelling with airline partners Carry-on baggage Checked baggage Dangerous goods Baggage tracking Day of travel Check-in Lounges Connecting flights Airport guides Transfer maps Delayed, cancelled and disrupted flights Onboard experience Cabin classes Economy X Onboard menu In-flight entertainment Seat selection Neighbour-Free Seating International travel Travel and entry requirements Fly for business Virgin Australia Business Flyer About the program Join Virgin Australia Business Flyer Partner offers Log in Priority Benefits How to redeem your Points Manage travel Flight savings and Points Corporate travel Why choose Virgin Australia Other solutions Enquire now Velocity The basics Velocity home Earning points Redeeming Points Transferring Points Buying Points Status Frequent Flyer Credit Cards Transfer credit card points Points earning credit cards Partners & Offers All Velocity Partners Special Offers Flying and Status How to use Points for flights Status membership Shopping online Shop to earn Points Shop using Points Velocity Wine Store by Laithewaite's Help Check-in Flight status Book SYD to MEL Book MEL to SYD Book BNE to MEL Book PER to MEL You have enough Points to travel to Melbourne Redeem with Virgin Australia Sydney to Melbourne From 5,900 Points plus taxes, fees and carrier charges* Based on a one-way economy class Reward Seat Redeem now You have enough Points to travel to Bali Redeem with Virgin Australia Sydney to Bali (Denpasar) From 22,500 Points plus taxes, fees and carrier charges* Based on a one-way economy class Reward Seat Redeem now You have enough Points to travel to Singapore Redeem with Singapore AIrlines Sydney to Singapore From 38,900 Points plus taxes, fees and carrier charges* Based on a one-way economy class Reward Seat Redeem now You have enough Points to travel to Los Angeles Redeem with United Airlines Sydney to Los Angeles From 48,000 Points plus taxes, fees and carrier charges* Based on a one-way economy class Reward Seat Redeem now You have enough Points to travel to London Redeem with Qatar Airways Sydney to London From 91,900 Points plus taxes, fees and carrier charges* Based on a one-way economy class Reward Seat Redeem now Flight Specials From See all specials Book early & save Book in advance & save up to 10% off your fare!¹ Book now New Phone? New Email? Let us know! Update your details in My Velocity today to make sure you're not missing out on great offers. Check now A relationship that takes you places To more than 100 destinations across Europe, the Middle East and Africa, in fact. T&Cs apply. Discover more Earn 3 Velocity Points per $1 of eligible spend on Hotels³ Book your next hotel stay and earn 3 Velocity Points per $1 of eligible spend, or redeem Velocity Points towards the cost of your hotel via the Virgin Australia and Hotels by Hopper partner page.​​³ Book a hotel stay Enjoy Lounge access, every time you fly⁴ With the Amex Velocity Platinum Card, enjoy Virgin Australia Lounge access every time you fly domestically with Virgin Australia. Enrolment required. T&Cs apply.⁴ Learn more Helping you get back on the flight path with Rapid Rebook If your flight is disrupted within 72 hours of your departure, our Rapid Rebook tool helps you choose an alternate flight within 3 days of your original flight, and if eligible, book a hotel stay, transfers and claim a meal voucher at the tap of a button. Find out more Redeem your Flight Credits Expiry dates for Travel credits issued between 21 April 2020 and 31 July 2022 have been updated and are available to book and fly by 30 June 2026. Redeem now Please visit our FAQ page for details or find your Travel Bank Details . Not yet a Velocity Frequent Flyer? It's free and fast to join Velocity Join now, earn Points, Redeem tomorrow* *Membership T&Cs apply. Join for free Your runway to wonderful holidays Earn faster, travel sooner with a Velocity Frequent Flyer credit card.* *T&Cs, min. spend, eligibility criteria, fees and charges apply. Find out more Terms and conditions Recent Searches Europe Boxing Day sale *Fares on sale from 00:01am AEST 22 December 2025 to 11:59pm AEST 2 January 2026, unless sold out prior. For travel on selected dates between 31 January to 23 March 2026 and 26 April to 23 June 2026 (inclusive), blackout periods apply. Sale fares are for return Economy Choice fares booked on virginaustralia.com , on flights operated by Qatar Airways from Sydney, Brisbane, Melbourne, Perth, Adelaide and Canberra, to selected European destinations via Doha. Sale destinations include Amsterdam, Athens, Copenhagen, Paris, Dublin, Rome, Edinburgh, London (Gatwick), London (Heathrow) and Zurich. Discount applies to base fares only and excludes surcharges. Seats are limited and may not be available at peak times or on all flights. Return fares may vary with the addition of local taxes and charges or due to currency fluctuations. Payment surcharge may apply. Fare inclusions (like different baggage allowances) and change and cancellation fare rules will be different depending on the partner airline operating your flight. See Virgin Australia’s fares pages for information about fees and charges you may incur when you change or cancel your fare operated by a partner airline ( https://www.virginaustralia.com/au/en/travel-info/flying-with-us/fare-types/international-fares/partner-fares/ ). You may also request a refund for other reasons, including under the Australian Consumer Law. Check your fare rules for more information. Full T&Cs at virginaustralia.com . Earning and redeeming Velocity Points on Hotels ​​​​³Unless otherwise stated: Velocity Red, Silver, Gold, Platinum and Platinum Plus members may earn 3 Velocity Points per eligible $1 spent (base Velocity Points earn rate), on all hotels and accommodation booked with Hopper Hotels, provided that they have submitted a valid Velocity membership number at the time of booking or in the Hopper Manage page prior to check-in.  Platinum Plus members may earn an extra 4.5 tier bonus Points per eligible $1 spent. Velocity Points will be awarded within 1 week after check-out. Velocity Points will not be awarded on any cancelled bookings. Only one Velocity member per booking is eligible to earn Velocity Points. Velocity Points are not earned on full redemption bookings. For Points + Pay bookings, Velocity Points will be earned on any “+ Pay” component. Velocity Points are only earned on the nightly rate of the hotel room or accommodation booked and are not earned on additional or incidental costs, fees or charges, such as in-room charges, early check-in, late check-out and upgrades. Please note that for bookings made via Hopper Hotels where payment is made directly with the hotel or accommodation, a credit card surcharge may apply. Velocity Member may redeem their Velocity Points to pay for hotel or accommodation stays. Velocity Points can cover a partial amount, or the full amount, of the hotel room rate (including taxes and surcharges). Additional or incidental costs, fees and charges, such as in-room charges, early check-in and late check-out cannot be paid with Velocity Points and must be paid directly to the hotel. Please ensure the passport or photo-id presented on check-in matches the guest’s name on the booking. Prior to confirming your booking, please review the cancellation policy related to the hotel and room type you have selected as they may vary from time to time. In some cases, the booking may be non-refundable or non-changeable. Velocity Members may be entitled to a refund under the Australian Consumer Law in certain circumstances. If your booking qualifies for a refund, the total number of Velocity Points used for the booking can be refunded. The minimum Velocity Points required to redeem a hotel or accommodation stay via Hopper Hotels is 2,000 Velocity Points. The actual Velocity Points required vary depending on the hotel/accommodation, room type, rate type, time of booking and date for which the booking is made. Redemption levels are subject to change at the discretion of Velocity Frequent Flyer. Velocity Points cannot be earned on redemption bookings made with Velocity Points or the “Points” component of a combination of “Points + Pay” booking. Enjoy Lounge access every time you fly with American Express Velocity Platinum Card​​ ⁴To earn and redeem Velocity Points, you must be a Velocity member. Velocity membership and Velocity Points earn and redemption is subject to the Velocity Membership Terms and Conditions as amended from time to time. You should consider if this card is suitable for you before applying. Cards are offered, issued, and administered by American Express Australia Limited ABN 92 108 952 085, Australian Credit Licence No. 291313. American Express income and credit approval criteria applies. Subject to Terms and Conditions. Interest rates, fees and charges apply. All information, including fees, charges and interest rates are correct as at 15 October 2025 and are subject to change. Applicants must be 18 years of age or over to apply for the American Express Velocity Platinum Card. They must be an Australian Citizen or permanent resident or hold a long term visa. Long term means 12 months or more and does not include a student visa. ​ ​Virgin Australia Lounge: The American Express Velocity Platinum Card Virgin Australia Lounge Access is subject to the American Express Velocity Platinum Card Benefits Terms and Conditions. The Virgin Australia Lounge Access provides the Primary Card Member with access to Virgin Australia lounges at Australian domestic airports whenever they are flying on a Virgin Australia operated domestic flight on the same day. American Express Velocity Platinum Primary Card Members will receive 12 months of lounge access on your Velocity membership. Enrol via your online American Express Account. The enrolment date will be your benefit anniversary date. After enrolling, activate Virgin Australia Lounge Access by making an Eligible Transaction on your American Express Velocity Platinum Card. Eligible Transaction does not include annual Card fees, cash advances, interest, balance transfers, fees and charges for traveller’s cheques and foreign currencies. After 12 months, at each subsequent benefit anniversary, make an Eligible Transaction on your Velocity Platinum Card to reactivate Virgin Australia Lounge Access. Please allow up to 7 days for the benefit to be processed on to the Primary Card Member’s Velocity membership. The Primary Card Member must provide their Velocity Frequent Flyer membership details to Virgin Australia lounge staff and present same day boarding pass on a Virgin Australia flight. Additional Card Members are not eligible. Virgin Australia lounge access is subject to space availability. Virgin Australia lounge is owned and operated by Virgin Australia Airlines Pty. Ltd. in selected domestic airports in accordance with Virgin Australia lounge Terms and Conditions, available at virginaustralia.com/lounge and as amended from time to time.​​ Velocity membership Terms and Conditions apply. Pride Flight 2026 fares ⁵Pride Flight fares on sale from 11 October 2025 until sold out. The $269 price point is based on a one-way Economy Flex fare booked on specially marketed Pride Flight services from either Brisbane or Melbourne to Sydney, departing on 27 February 2026. All domestic Pride Flight fares can be booked at virginaustralia.com. Payment surcharge may apply. You can change or cancel your booking to travel credit by paying a fee and any fare difference. See Virgin Australia’s domestic Fees page ( www.virginaustralia.com/au/en/plan/fees-surcharges/domestic/ ) for details. Refunds are permitted for a fee if you cancel this booking. You may also request a refund for other reasons, including under the Australian Consumer Law. Check your fare rules for more information. Full T&Cs at www.virginaustralia.com Amex Complimentary Flight ⁶The complimentary domestic economy Virgin Australia return flight is available between selected Australian cities and is available for booking by American Express Velocity Platinum Card Members after your first Card spend in the first year, and then after your first Card spend each year after the anniversary of your Membership. All flights are subject to availability and neither Virgin Australia nor American Express guarantee that seats or tickets will be available on the dates or at the times you may wish to fly. Seat availability may be limited to certain dates and/or flights and it may be more difficult to book seats around public holidays, school holidays or special events. Some flights may not have any seats available for redemption. Route availability is subject to change without notice. The complimentary flight is not eligible for Velocity Points and/or Status Credits earn. All travel is subject to the American Express Velocity Platinum Card Benefits Terms and Conditions and travel is subject to Virgin Australia Conditions of Carriage. Book Early Fares : 1 Fares are on sale until 11:59pm AEST 24 February 2026 unless sold out prior. All other fares are on sale until further notice. Travel periods, blackouts, exclusions and full terms and conditions apply . Subject to availability. Best Cabin Crew: *Virgin Australia was awarded the Best Cabin Crew for the seventh year at the 2025 AirlineRatings.com Airline Excellence Awards. Judged by industry experts with over 100 years of combined experience in aviation, the awards bring together four major international industry and government safety audits alongside demonstrable leadership in the areas of innovation, value and passenger comfort. Find out more . Economy X Terms and Conditions: ^ Priority Boarding is offered where available.  Economy X seats are limited and may be sold out on selected travel dates. The applicable Economy X fee may vary based on time of purchase, and will be charged in the currency of the origin specified in your booking or purchase. Fees are per person, per sector. Payment surcharge may apply. Economy X is only available on flights operated by Virgin Australia. Product inclusions may vary based on departure airport and aircraft type. If you are in an Economy X seat in an Exit Row, you must accept the Exit Row Safety Conditions, or you may be moved to a standard Economy seat. You may be eligible for a refund of Economy X fees in certain circumstances, including under the Australian Consumer Law. See full Economy X Terms and Conditions . A more wonderful way to Australia: 8 Subject to availability. Terms and Conditions apply. Escape to where you'd rather be #Fares from Brisbane, Melbourne, Gold Coast or Sydney to Bali (Denpasar) and Melbourne to Fiji (Nadi)  are on sale until 11:59pm AEST 25 February 2026 unless sold out prior. All other fares are on sale until further notice. Travel periods and conditions apply. Subject to availability. Vaccination requirements, including timeframes required between full vaccination and your date of travel, change from country to country. Ensure you are aware of these requirements for any transit or arrival countries in your journey. For more information visit https://www.virginaustralia.com/au/en/travel-info/international-travel/travel-entry/ . Credit Services Disclaimer The credit services material on https://www.velocityfrequentflyer.com/frequent-flyer-credit-cards/direct-earn-cards has been prepared by the relevant credit licensees as indicated above and not Velocity Frequent Flyer Pty Ltd (VFF) or Virgin Australia (VA). VFF and VA do not hold an Australian Credit Licence and are not the licensee in relation to the credit activity being engaged in by the relevant credit licensee/credit representative. Individual card benefits vary and are subject to change. Consider if the card is suitable for you before applying. *The quoted domestic redemption fares are the lowest Reward Seat pricing available from 17 October 2024. See www.velocityfrequentflyer.com/partners-offers/airlines/virgin-australia-airlines for more details. Taxes, fees and carrier charges are payable in addition to Velocity Points redeemed. Carrier charges apply for Reward Seat bookings on flights operated by Virgin Australia. Price may vary until ticketed. Reward Seats and associated charges are not eligible for Points earn. Seats are limited and may not be available at peak times or on all flights. Payment surcharge may apply. You can change or get a refund for your booking by paying a fee and any fare difference, at least 24 hours before scheduled departure. You may also request a refund for other reasons, including under the Australian Consumer Law. View the Velocity Reward Seat fare rules for more information. Some flights may be operated by a partner airline. Different baggage allowances and conditions may apply to these flights. Full terms and conditions at velocityfrequentflyer.com . Based on the one-way Economy International Reward Seat fares on Virgin Australia and international partner airlines for the advertised route, as at 21 January 2025. The Reward Seat base fare is payable in Velocity Points, and taxes, fees and carrier charges are payable in addition to Velocity Points redeemed for the base fare. Taxes, fees and carrier charges can be paid in cash or by redeeming Velocity Points. Reward Seats are limited and may not be available at peak times or on all flights. Reward Seat bookings must be made on the Virgin Australia website by selecting “Use Points”. Reward Seats and associated charges are not eligible for Points earn. Payment surcharge may apply. You can change or get a refund for your booking by paying a fee and any fare difference, at least 24 hours before scheduled departure. Any voluntary changes by members for Reward Seats with international partner airlines will require cancellation and rebooking via a new ticket. If applicable, the original ticket will be refunded. You may also request a refund for other reasons, including under the Australian Consumer Law. View the Velocity Reward Seat fare rules for more information. Some flights may be operated by a partner airline. Different baggage allowances and conditions may apply to these flights. Full terms and conditions at velocityfrequentflyer.com . Support Help centre Travel Credits information Velocity member support View by Velocity blog Contact us Get to know us Company Careers Legal Sustainability Media Other services Cargo services Travel agents Group bookings Car hire and hotel deals Travel insurance Download our app Facebook Instagram X LinkedIn In the spirit of reconciliation Virgin Australia acknowledges the traditional custodians of country throughout Australia and their connections to land, sea, sky and community. We pay our respect to their Elders past and present and extend that respect to all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples today. © Virgin Australia Airlines Pty Ltd ABN 36 090 670 965 Conditions of carriage Privacy Terms of use Cookies policy