Online Banking: Personal & Business | Virgin Money UK Skip to main content Virgin Money homepage Open Sign in menu for Online Services Menu Personal Business Brighter Money Help Search Open Sign in navigation menu Visit the Sign in page for existing customers, where you can service any products you have with Virgin Money. Current accounts Current accounts Current accounts home Continue your application for a current account Our accounts Everyday bank account Packaged bank account Basic bank account Joint bank accounts Current Account Overdrafts Existing customers Helpful information and guides Sign up for cashback with your current account Save money with Youtility Register for digital banking with your current account Current Account Questions and answers Worried about money? Visit our financial wellbeing hub for tools and support with budgeting, debt, repayments, mental wellbeing and more. Set up your M Plus Saver If your M Plus Account isn't linked to a savings account, it's easy to set one up. Upload your documents for your current account application Need to give us proof of ID, address or income?  It only takes a few minutes. Savings Savings Savings home Find a savings account Continue an application for a savings account Upload your documents for a savings account ISAs Access accounts Fixed term accounts Existing savings customers Transfer your ISA Savings Questions and answers Savings calculator See if you can get a better rate on your savings Worried about money? Visit our financial wellbeing hub for tools and support with budgeting, debt, repayments, mental wellbeing and more. Cards Cards Cards home Check your eligibility for a Virgin Money credit card Existing credit card customers Credit cards Questions and answers Credit cards Currency conversion calculator Virgin Atlantic credit cards Balance transfer credit cards All round credit cards Everyday Cashback credit card Travel credit cards Virgin Money Slyce Manchester United credit cards Our Credit Card App Manage your card. Master your spending. Virgin Money credit card Cashback It’s the new way to pick up cashback. 24/7 in-app support Get help with your credit card from Redi, our digital host. Loans Loans Loans home Continue an existing application for a personal loan Request settlement figure Change Direct Debit details Loans Questions and answers Upload documents Download our app Worried about money? Visit our financial wellbeing hub for tools and support with budgeting, debt, repayments, mental wellbeing and more. Mortgages Mortgages Mortgages home Find a mortgage Mortgage Questions and answers Existing Mortgage customers Manage your mortgage Switch to a new deal Borrow more Move home with your mortgage Green Reward Bag £250 cashback if you registered for our Green Reward home improvement offer Investments Investments Investments home Pensions Pensions Pensions home Insurance Insurance Insurance home Life insurance Business insurance Travel insurance Landlord insurance Home insurance Home Insurance Get a 5-star quote in less than 60 seconds Life Insurance To protect what matters most in life Travel Insurance Jetting off? Don't forget to pack your travel insurance. Get a quote today. Private banking Private banking Existing customers Benefits and services Private banking Questions and answers Our app makes money easy Packed full of clever tools to help you track, budget, save and pay. Sign in Coming to us from Clydesdale or Yorkshire Bank? Current accounts sign in Credit cards sign in Prepaid cards sign in Savings sign in Personal loans sign in Business Banking sign in Investments sign in Mortgages sign in Personal pensions sign in Insurance sign in Bringing Nationwide and Virgin Money together Virgin Money's business will become part of Nationwide on 2 April 2026 , subject to Court approval. Understand what this means for you Our branches are here to stay We've extended our promise to keep all our branches open until at least 2030. Find out more and find your nearest branch Cashback on repeat Enjoy 1% cashback on spending for the first 90 days with our Everyday Cashback Credit Card. Then get 0.25% cashback after that. You can earn up to £15 cashback a month. Representative 27.9% APR (variable) Check your balance transfer credit card eligibility Credit subject to status. No-nonsense products we're proud of When it comes to banking, you want an honest deal with no surprises. So we'll always tell you the things you really need to know up front. Current accounts Our current account is where the smart money goes. View current accounts Credit cards Know if you'll be approved for a credit card before you apply. View credit cards Business accounts Working hard to help you grow your business. View business accounts Savings See our range of savings accounts and Cash ISAs. View savings accounts Mortgages We're experts at making mortgages easy. View mortgages Insurance Cover for you and all the things you love. View insurance options Need some support? Whether you're dealing with money worries or something else that's making it harder to bank with us, we're here to help. Visit our financial wellbeing hub Tell us what support you need Mortgage Charter support for our customers Worrying about your mortgage payments lately? We can now do even more to help. See what support is available Save with confidence As we are covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme, savings with Virgin Money are covered up to £120,000 per person. View the FSCS guarantee Live a life more Virgin Have you joined Virgin Red yet? Discover our red hot rewards Virgin Money Branches Award-winning products Service that's about smiles not sales Discover our red hot rewards Have you joined Virgin Red yet? Join the rewards club that revolves around you. Virgin Red terms apply Link opens in a new window . UK only. 18+. Discover Virgin Red Have you joined Virgin Red yet? Virgin Money Branches Virgin Money Rewards Brighten up your world with exclusive offers in our app. Discover rewards Discover our red hot rewards Award-winning products Virgin Money Branches A new generation of creative and community-focussed spaces on the high street, designed to broaden people’s horizons and brighten their lives. Open plan layouts, shoulder-to-shoulder service and relaxed discussion spaces are just a few of the ways that people can manage their money in a modern way. Virgin Money Branches give everybody a space to learn, work and play. Discover our Branches Virgin Money Branches Service that's about smiles not sales Bank with the best We don't like to brag but it's good for you to know that other people have given us a thumbs up too. You don't just have to take our word for it. Here are a few awards we've won. Personal Finance Provider of The Year – (Moneyfacts 2025) Best Service from a Business Bank – (Business Moneyfacts 2025) Commended Best Remortgage Provider – (Moneyfacts 2025) Best Buy To Let Mortgage Provider – (Moneyfacts 2025) Best investment ISA - small portfolio - (Your Money 2025) Best Credit Card Provider – (Your Money 2025) Award-winning products Service that's about smiles not sales Offering everything from current and savings accounts to mortgages, yes, Virgin Money is a bank. But don't worry, we never act like one. We're Virgin first, so our love of service always shines through. You'll experience it every time you chat with our customer service advisers. Or if you prefer, manage your money from your favourite armchair or cafe, thanks to our app and online banking. Our partner programmes Virgin StartUp Support and mentoring for the next generation of young entrepreneurs. Make £5 grow A fun, free programme that engages pupils in core areas of the National Curriculum. Virgin Money Foundation Helping local people and organisations with the vision and drive to transform lives and re-energise communities. Our official charity partners Provide advice and support to empower anyone experiencing a mental health problem in England, Scotland and Wales. 1. AER (Annual Equivalent Rate). The Annual Equivalent Rate illustrates what the interest rate would be if interest was paid and compounded once each year. 2. Gross rate interest is the interest payable without taking account of any tax payable. Get in touch Contact us Help and support Financial wellbeing hub Branch finder Feedback Make a complaint Virgin Money Instagram Virgin Money Instagram Virgin Money X Virgin Money Facebook Virgin Money YouTube Virgin Money LinkedIn About us Careers Link opens in a new window Corporate Link opens in a new window Intermediaries Investor Relations Link opens in a new window Newsroom Link opens in a new window Information Accessibility Terms of use Privacy policy Cookies Modern Slavery Act Link opens in a new window Sitemap More from Nationwide Group Bringing Nationwide and Virgin Money together