Virgin Media O2 | Boosted Volt Bundles - Official Site Home Main Menu Benefits About Us News Help Virgin Media O2 Business Bigger benefits – just for being with us both Introducing Volt benefits Boosted broadband speeds, on us Bag a Virgin Media broadband speed boost to the next available level (up to 1Gbps) WiFi guarantee, at no extra cost Kick back with our WiFi guarantee (if you don’t have it already) – plus up to three WiFi Pods if needed, on us Double the mobile data, double the fun Get double data for every eligible O2 Pay Monthly plan in your household Roam freely in even more places In 75 destinations worldwide with O2 Travel Inclusive Zone (unless you already have this with O2)* What type of customer are you? loading Help & Support Already got Volt? If you’re a Volt customer and require help, check out our help and support page . The legal stuff Broadband Prices and terms subject to change during contract M125 Fibre Broadband and Virgin Phone: New customers only. 24 month minimum term. Average download speed 132Mbps and Anytime chatter. £31.99* a month for 24 months, standard pricing thereafter (currently £70*). Price includes line rental (£19* a month). If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Fibre Broadband + Phone + Volt: M250 & Anytime chatter: New customers only. 24 month minimum term. Average download speed 264Mbps. £34.99* a month for 24 months, standard monthly pricing applies thereafter (£75* a month). Price includes line rental (£19* a month). If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. M250 Fibre Broadband and Virgin Phone: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. M250 Fibre Broadband (average download speed at peak 264Mbps) and Anytime chatter. £36.99* a month for 24 months, standard pricing thereafter (currently £76*). Price includes line rental (£19* a month). If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. M350 Fibre Broadband and Virgin Phone: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. M350 Fibre Broadband (average download speed at peak 362Mbps) and Anytime chatter. £35.99* a month for 24 months, standard pricing thereafter (currently £82*). Price includes line rental (£19* a month). If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. M500 Fibre Broadband and Virgin Phone: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. M500 Fibre Broadband (average download speed at peak 516Mbps) and Anytime chatter. £41.99* a month for 24 months, standard pricing thereafter (currently £88*). Price includes line rental (£19* a month). If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Gig1 Fibre Broadband and Virgin Phone: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. Gig1 Fibre Broadband (average download speed at peak 1136Mbps) and Anytime chatter. £43.99* a month for 24 months, standard pricing thereafter (currently £94*). Price includes line rental (£19* a month). If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. M125 Fibre Broadband: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. M125 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 132Mbps). 24 month minimum term product: £23.99* a month for 24 months, then £62* a month thereafter. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Broadband only. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. M250 Fibre Broadband: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. M250 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 264Mbps). 24 month minimum term product: Currently £28.99* a month for 24 months, then £68* a month thereafter. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Broadband only. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Broadband M250 + O2 SIM (Volt): New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. M250 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 264Mbps). 24 month minimum term product: £30.99* a month for 24 months, then £67* a month thereafter. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. M350 Fibre Broadband: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. M350 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 362Mbps). 24 month minimum term product: £27.99* a month for 24 months, then £74* a month thereafter. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Broadband only. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. M500 Fibre Broadband: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. M500 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 516Mbps). 24 month minimum term product: Currently £33.99* a month for 24 months, then £80* a month thereafter. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Inclusion of Netflix at no extra cost based on non-boosted broadband speed chosen. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount or ineligibility to receive Netflix at no extra cost. Broadband only. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Gig1 Fibre Broadband: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. Gig1 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 1136Mbps). 24 month minimum term product: Currently £35.99* a month for 24 months, then £86* a month thereafter. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Inclusion of Netflix at no extra cost based on non-boosted broadband speed chosen. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount or ineligibility to receive Netflix at no extra cost. Broadband only. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Speeds refer to download speeds unless stated otherwise. Speed assumes equipment is at optimum speed & capacity, device limitations apply. External factors may impact speed. Our ultrafast speeds are 100Mbps and above. Home environment, device limitations, number of users and time of day may affect WiFi performance. Acceptable use policy applies. UK's fastest widely available broadband: Virgin Media M600 Fibre Broadband (avg 630Mbps) vs widely available provider download speeds, for verification see virginmedia.com/fast. Gig1 Fibre Broadband (avg 1,104Mbps) is available in selected areas. Terms apply. DOCSIS: CableLabs is the owner of the DOCSIS 3 trademark. Unlimited broadband: No traffic management and no monthly data usage cap. External factors can affect speed. See virginmedia.com/traffic for usage policies and factors that can affect your broadband speed . Virgin Media WiFi for Virgin Fibre customers: App requires iOS 9 or later or Android version 5 or later. Available to Virgin Fibre customers on max 7 registered devices. WiFi connection required. UK only. Experience varies by location and number of users. Terms and conditions apply. Web Safe: Available to all new Virgin Fibre customers who signed up after 27th February 2014. Web Safe will automatically be turned on for customers joining Virgin Media after 16 May 2024. Users can change their settings at any time in My Virgin Media. Web Safe is not automatically turned on for customers joining before this date. Web Safe does not block all unsafe or inappropriate online content and is intended only to assist parents with keeping their family safe online. Virgin Media accepts no responsibility for personal online activity. WiFi on the London Underground: Activation required. WiFi services available in station only. Use of WiFi is subject to Virgin Media’s terms and conditions. Virgin Media Connect app: Requires iOS 9 or later and Android 5 or later. Virgin Mobile customers: the app will work in a device where a Virgin Mobile SIM is present and setup has been completed. Virgin Fibre customers: the app will work on a device where setup has been completed using My Virgin Media account details. Virgin Fibre customers can use up to 7 devices on Virgin Media WiFi at any one time. For setup: Mobile data connection required for Virgin Mobile customers. Internet (Mobile data or WiFi) connection required for Virgin Fibre customers. UK only. Experience varies by location and number of users. It is not always possible to guarantee that we will be able to offer this app on every device, platform and operating system version or variant. Terms and conditions apply. Gig1 Availability: Available in selected areas only – use our postcode checker to see if available in your area yet. WiFi Guarantee with WiFi Max: Available to Virgin Media residential broadband customers on M50 broadband or faster provided you are not taking services in any of our 2022/2023 network expansion areas. Excludes Essential broadband customers. Existing Intelligent WiFi Plus customers will be individually informed when they are moved to WiFi Max. £8* a month add-on or at no extra cost for Ultimate Oomph, Gig1 and Volt customers. WiFi Max is only available to order once your Virgin Media broadband service has been activated. If you don’t get download speeds of at least 30Mbps in every room, if needed we’ll provide up to 3 WiFi Pods. If that still doesn’t do the trick we’ll give you a one-off credit of £100 off your next bill. Guarantee and eligibility for pods does not cover broadband faults or network outages. Pods subject to stock availability, require self-installation via QuickStart and can be delivered via click & collect or optional home delivery (£5 delivery charge may apply). Improved WiFi performance compared to use without pods. Home environment, device limitations, number of users and time of day may affect WiFi performance. User speed varies and depends on Pod/Hub location, as well as broadband package choice. Equipment remains property of Virgin Media. Exclusions and further terms apply. Fastest WiFi guarantee of any major provider: Compared to major UK ISPs. Terms of guarantee vary by provider. To verify, see www.virginmedia.com/legal/wifi . Nine times faster: Based on fastest widely available advertised average download speeds (average speed 630Mbps for M600 Fibre Broadband vs average speed 67Mbps for BT Superfast Fibre 2 Unlimited and 59Mbps for Sky Fibre Max). Reliability: 99.85% average network uptime (based on measurements from customers’ Hubs across the Virgin Media network, January 2024–June 2024). For more details, see our broadband speeds . Offers Prices and terms subject to change during contract Netflix bundles: If you take one of our bundles with Netflix included and have an existing subscription direct with Netflix using the same email address, your existing subscription will pause and your entitlement will now be managed and paid for through us. If you choose to use a different email address to activate your subscription with us, you will have 2 separate accounts and will be billed for both accordingly. Prices and terms subject to change during contract Max Volt: Mega TV, Sky Cinema and Sky Sports (both in HD), M500 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 516 Mbps) option to add home phone with Anytime Chatter for £8 per month, Currently £84.99* per month for 24 months, £187* from month 25. 24 month minimum term. Standard monthly pricing (currently £205 a month) applies from month 25. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Alternative broadband speeds available, prices vary depending on speed chosen. Includes O2 mobile SIM with unlimited minutes, texts and Unlimited data (£15). 5G available in selected areas. 5G device, sim and tariff required to access 5G. See o2.co.uk/coveragechecker for coverage. Europe Zone roaming capped at 25GB per month, a data Bolt On is required if you want to keep roaming once your limit is reached. Premium add-ons are available at extra monthly cost. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee may apply. Netflix Standard with ads included at no extra cost. If you decide not to activate Netflix Standard with ads, this will not reduce or amend the price of your eligible bundle. Additional Terms and Conditions apply. Inclusion of Netflix at no extra cost based on non-boosted broadband speed chosen. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount or ineligibility to receive Netflix at no extra cost. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media may withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. This offer maybe withdrawn at any time and cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Sport + Cinema: Mega TV, Sky Cinema and Sky Sports (both in HD) , M500 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 516Mbps), and Netflix Standard with ads. Currently £69.99* a month for 24 months. 24 month minimum term. Home Phone can be added from an extra £8 per month and includes Talk Anytime. Standard monthly pricing (currently £177* a month) applies from month 25. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Alternative broadband speeds available, prices vary depending on speed chosen If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Netflix Standard with ads included at no extra cost. If you decide not to activate Netflix Standard with ads, this will not reduce or amend the price of your eligible bundle. Additional Terms and Conditions apply. Inclusion of Netflix at no extra cost based on non-boosted broadband speed chosen. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount or ineligibility to receive Netflix at no extra cost. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Sport + Cinema Volt: Mega TV, Sky Cinema and Sky Sports (both in HD) , Gig1 Fibre Broadband (average download speed at peak 1130Mbps), a 10GB data SIM and Netflix Standard with ads. Home Phone can be added from an extra £8 per month. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Netflix Standard with ads included at no extra cost. If you decide not to activate Netflix Standard with ads, this will not reduce or amend the price of your eligible bundle. Currently £77.99 a month for 24 months 24 month minimum term. Alternative broadband speeds available, prices vary depending on speed chosen. Additional Terms and Conditions apply. Inclusion of Netflix at no extra cost based on non-boosted broadband speed chosen. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount or ineligibility to receive Netflix at no extra cost. Includes O2 mobile SIM with unlimited minutes, texts and data. 5G available in selected areas. 5G device, sim and tariff required to access 5G. See o2.co.uk/coveragechecker for coverage. Europe Zone roaming capped at 25GB per month, chargeable at £3.50 per GB afterwards Premium add-ons are available at extra monthly cost. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee may apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Sport Volt: New customers only. Mega TV, Sky Sports HD*, M500 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 516Mbps). £67.99* a month. 24 month minimum term. Home Phone can be added from an extra £8 per month. Standard monthly pricing (currently £159* a month) applies from month 25. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Alternative broadband speeds available, prices vary depending on speed chosen. Inclusion of Netflix at no extra cost based on non-boosted broadband speed chosen. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount or ineligibility to receive Netflix at no extra cost. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Includes O2 mobile SIM with unlimited minutes, texts and data. 5G available in selected areas. 5G device, sim and tariff required to access 5G. See o2.co.uk/coveragechecker for coverage. Europe Zone roaming capped at 25GB per month, chargeable at £3.50 per GB afterwards. Premium add-ons are available at extra monthly cost. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee may apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Sport: New customers only. Mega TV, Sky Sports HD, M350 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 362Mbps). £59.99* a month. 24 month minimum term. Alternative broadband speeds available, prices vary depending on speed chosen. Home Phone can be added from an extra £8 per month. Standard monthly pricing (currently £151* a month) applies from month 25. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Inclusion of Netflix at no extra cost based on non-boosted broadband speed chosen. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount or ineligibility to receive Netflix at no extra cost. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Cinema Volt: New customers only. Mega TV, Sky Cinema in HD, M500 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 516Mbps). Premium add-ons such as Sky Sports are available at extra monthly cost. Currently £54.99* for 24 months. 24 month minimum term. Home Phone can be added from an extra £8 per month. Standard monthly pricing (currently £146* a month) applies from month 25. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Alternative broadband speeds available, prices vary depending on speed chosen. Inclusion of Netflix at no extra cost based on non-boosted broadband speed chosen. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount or ineligibility to receive Netflix at no extra cost. Includes O2 mobile SIM with unlimited minutes, texts and data. 5G available in selected areas. 5G device, sim and tariff required to access 5G. See o2.co.uk/coveragechecker for coverage. Europe Zone roaming capped at 25GB per month, chargeable at £3.50 per GB afterwards. Premium add-ons are available at extra monthly cost. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee may apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Cinema: New customers only. Mega TV, Sky Cinema in HD, M350 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 362Mbps) and Anytime chatter. Currently £46.99* a month for 24 months. Price includes line rental (£19* a month). Standard monthly pricing (£138* a month) applies from month 25. 24 month minimum term. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Alternative broadband speeds available, prices vary depending on speed chosen. Inclusion of Netflix at no extra cost based on non-boosted broadband speed chosen. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount or ineligibility to receive Netflix at no extra cost. Premium add-ons such as TNT Sports or Sky Sports are available at extra monthly cost. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Entertainment Volt: New customers only. Mega TV, M500 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 516Mbps). Currently  £44.99* a month for 24 months. Home Phone can be added from an extra £8 per month. Standard monthly pricing (currently £128* a month) applies from month 25. 24 month minimum term. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Alternative broadband speeds available, prices vary depending on speed chosen. Inclusion of Netflix at no extra cost based on non-boosted broadband speed chosen. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount or ineligibility to receive Netflix at no extra cost. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee may apply. Includes O2 mobile SIM with unlimited minutes, texts and data. 5G available in selected areas. 5G device, sim and tariff required to access 5G. See o2.co.uk/coveragechecker for coverage. Europe Zone roaming capped at 25GB per month, chargeable at £3.50 per GB afterwards Premium add-ons are available at extra monthly cost. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee may apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Entertainment: New customers only. Mega TV, M350 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 362Mbps). Currently £36.99* a month for 24 months. Home Phone can be added from an extra £8 per month. 24 month minimum term. Alternative broadband speeds available, prices vary depending on speed chosen Standard monthly pricing (currently £120* a month) applies from month 25. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Inclusion of Netflix at no extra cost based on non-boosted broadband speed chosen. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount or ineligibility to receive Netflix at no extra cost. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. M125 Fibre Broadband and Virgin Phone: New customers only. 24 month minimum term. Average download speed 132Mbps and Anytime chatter. £31.99* a month for 24 months, standard pricing thereafter (currently £70*). Price includes line rental (£19* a month). If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Fibre Broadband + Phone + Volt: M250 & Anytime chatter: New customers only. 24 month minimum term. Average download speed 264Mbps. £34.99* a month for 24 months, standard monthly pricing applies thereafter (£75* a month). Price includes line rental (£19* a month). If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. M250 Fibre Broadband and Virgin Phone: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. M250 Fibre Broadband (average download speed at peak 264Mbps) and Anytime chatter. £36.99* a month for 24 months, standard pricing thereafter (currently £76*). Price includes line rental (£19* a month). If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. M350 Fibre Broadband and Virgin Phone: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. M350 Fibre Broadband (average download speed at peak 362Mbps) and Anytime chatter. £35.99* a month for 24 months, standard pricing thereafter (currently £82*). Price includes line rental (£19* a month). If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. M500 Fibre Broadband and Virgin Phone: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. M500 Fibre Broadband (average download speed at peak 516Mbps) and Anytime chatter. £41.99* a month for 24 months, standard pricing thereafter (currently £88*). Price includes line rental (£19* a month). If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Gig1 Fibre Broadband and Virgin Phone: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. Gig1 Fibre Broadband (average download speed at peak 1136Mbps) and Anytime chatter. £43.99* a month for 24 months, standard pricing thereafter (currently £94*). Price includes line rental (£19* a month). If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. M125 Fibre Broadband: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. M125 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 132Mbps). 24 month minimum term product: £23.99* a month for 24 months, then £62* a month thereafter. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Broadband only. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. M250 Fibre Broadband: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. M250 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 264Mbps). 24 month minimum term product: Currently £28.99* a month for 24 months, then £68* a month thereafter. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Broadband only. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Broadband M250 + O2 SIM (Volt): New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. M250 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 264Mbps). 24 month minimum term product: £30.99* a month for 24 months, then £67* a month thereafter. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. M350 Fibre Broadband: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. M350 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 362Mbps). 24 month minimum term product: £27.99* a month for 24 months, then £74* a month thereafter. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Broadband only. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. M500 Fibre Broadband: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. M500 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 516Mbps). 24 month minimum term product: Currently £33.99* a month for 24 months, then £80* a month thereafter. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Inclusion of Netflix at no extra cost based on non-boosted broadband speed chosen. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount or ineligibility to receive Netflix at no extra cost. Broadband only. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Gig1 Fibre Broadband: New customers only. Minimum term applies to your broadband service, check basket for details. Gig1 Fibre Broadband (average download speed 1136Mbps). 24 month minimum term product: Currently £35.99* a month for 24 months, then £86* a month thereafter. Discounted pricing may be offered in selected locations. Inclusion of Netflix at no extra cost based on non-boosted broadband speed chosen. Downgrading a service in your bundle may result in loss of bundle discount or ineligibility to receive Netflix at no extra cost. Broadband only. If you cancel your service during your minimum term an early disconnection fee will apply. If you upgrade any aspect of the service, standard pricing will apply to that upgrade. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw or amend the pricing if you change any part of your package. Virgin Media reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time. Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated by Virgin Media. Volt benefits: Volt benefits available if you have or sign up to both an eligible Virgin Media broadband service and an eligible O2 Pay Monthly tariff. Excludes Essential broadband customers from 10 November 2022. Volt benefits include (1) Virgin Media broadband speed boost to the next available level (up to a max of 1Gbps download speed) available to you in at the point you place your order to become supercharged with Volt. Doesn’t include Upload speed add-on; (2) our moneyback WiFi coverage guarantee with WiFi Max at no extra cost ; (3) Double the O2 mobile data for each eligible O2 Pay Monthly Mobile SIMS in the Virgin Media account holder’s name in your household (if you don’t take or already have unlimited O2 mobile data); Roam in 75 worldwide destinations. In O₂’s Europe Zone, your UK minutes, texts and data allowances apply, however if your UK monthly data allowance is over 25GB you’ll have a roaming limit of 25GB. After this you’ll be charged £3.50 per GB until you use up your monthly UK data allowance, you return to the UK or you reach your next bill cycle. In other inclusive international destinations outside of Europe, you get unlimited minutes, texts and data. Roaming subject to fair usage policy. Benefits applied following purchase that fulfils eligibility criteria. Existing eligible customers must place order to unlock Volt benefits via My O2. Volt benefits applied up to 14 days following order (or up to 14 days following Virgin Media installation for existing eligible O2 customers purchasing Virgin Media broadband). Check Virgin Media broadband speeds availability at www.virginmedia.com/join/availability. Separate contracts and billing apply to your Virgin Media and O2 mobile services. Further terms apply, www.virginmedia.com/shop/the-legal-stuff and o2.co.uk/terms. If you already have a Virgin Mobile SIM and continue using it, your service shall be subject to Virgin Media’s standard pay monthly terms and conditions which can be found at www.virginmedia.com/shop/the-legal-stuff. O2 Classic, Plus & Ultimate Plans Volt SIM offers : £4 4GB (boosted from 2 GB), 24m term. Classic plan, no upsell to Plus / Ultimate £6 10GB (boosted from 5GB), 24m term, classic plan. Upsell to Plus for +£1.99 (£7.99 price point). Usage increased to 15GB. Upsell to Ultimate for +£10.49 (£16.49) £10 30GB (boosted from 15GB), 24 term, classic plan. Upsell to Plus for +£1.99 (£11.99), usage increased to 40GB. Upsell to ultimate for +£10.49 (£20.49) £15 Unlimited data, 24m term. Classic plan. Upsell to Plus for +£1.99 (£16.99). Upsell to ultimate for +£10.49 (£25.49) General Tariff information: The minutes and texts included in your tariff can be used in the UK and when roaming in our Europe Zone subject to our Fair Use Policy. Inclusive minutes can be used for calls to standard landlines and mobiles, but not special numbers. For more information visit Other numbers and charges | Account and billing | Help & Support | O2 . Priority from O2 Priority is an O2 service. Active O2 and Virgin Media broadband customers only. 16+. Internet access and registration required. Offers subject to eligibility criteria and availability. Terms apply, see the Priority app or o2.co.uk/terms Data Rollover Included at no extra cost for new & upgrading customers on Pay Monthly Plus & Ultimate Plans. Unlimited data plans excluded. Double data Volt benefit excluded. Any data rolled over will last for 1 monthly billing cycle only. For UK use only. Rollover may be impacted if you change plans or tariffs. Further terms & exclusions apply, see here International Bolt On: direct with O2, terms & additional charges apply. Will apply for 36 months or until you leave, cancel or upgrade. Roaming: All Plans: When travelling within our Europe Zone, if your UK monthly data allowance is over 25GB you’ll have a Roaming Limit of 25GB. After this, the service will stop and you’ll need to buy a data bolt on if you want to keep using data. Plus Plan: O2 Travel Inclusive Zone: Direct with O2, includes unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and data roaming in 27 destinations outside Europe. Data speed capped at 2Mbps in our Inclusive Zone. Subject to fair usage at no extra charge. Non-commercial use only. Terms apply, see https://www.o2.co.uk/international/travel-inclusive-zone . O2 Travel Inclusive Zone Ultimate: Only included with Ultimate Plans on eligible tariffs. Includes unlimited minutes, texts and data roaming. Roaming destinations include our Europe Zone plus O2 Travel Inclusive Ultimate Zone in 75 destinations outside Europe. Data speed capped at 2Mbps in our Inclusive Ultimate Zone. Subject to fair usage at no extra charge. Non-commercial use only. Terms apply, see https://www.o2.co.uk/international/travel-inclusive-zone-ultimate . Extras from O2 New and upgrading customers. Select Extra within 28 days of qualifying purchase & redeem within 28 days of selecting it. Must set up an account with Partner & agree to their terms of use. If you have an existing subscription with a particular Partner, you may not be eligible to select this Partner as an Extra. Unless otherwise communicated, redeeming an Extra through O2 will not automatically cancel/ suspend any subscription offered directly by a particular Partner or through a third party. It’s your responsibility to manage direct or third party subscriptions. An Extra Period is available for eligible customers on selected Extras. You’ll be automatically opted in to a paid monthly subscription with the Partner after Extra Period. Opt out at any time. Offer may be withdrawn at any time. Customers cannot benefit from more than one Extra Period in relation to Disney+. Some selected Extras available as Standalone Extras only. 6 months minimum term applies. Cancel anytime after minimum term. Charges applied to O2 bill & are subject to change. If you leave O2 your Partner subscription will be cancelled. Disney+ content & related artwork © 2025 Disney & related entities. Amazon, Amazon Prime, Amazon Music Unlimited & Audible & all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Xbox Game Pass Ultimate, Microsoft and all related logos are trademarks of Microsoft or its affiliates. Tariff eligibility criteria apply. UK residents, 18+. For full terms: o2.co.uk/terms/extras Classic: Get 3 months on us depending on eligible tariff you select (“Extra Period”). You’ll be automatically opted in to a paid monthly subscription after Extra Period: Amazon Prime £8.99pm, Amazon Music Unlimited £10.99pm, Audible £7.99pm, Cafeyn £7.99pm, McAfee £4.99pm, Disney+ - Standard Plan with Ads £4.99pm, Standard Plan £8.99pm or Premium Plan £12.99pm. Opt out at any time. Offer may be withdrawn at any time. Charges applied to O2 bill & are subject to change. Eligibility & redemption: must purchase new eligible tariff direct from O2. Select Extra within 28 days of making qualifying purchase & redeem within 28 days of selecting Extra. You may not be eligible to select Partner if you hold an existing account with Partner. Must set up Partner account & agree to their terms of use. Disney+: cannot benefit from more than one Extra Period. Disney+ Standard Plan: Get 3 months on us (“Extra Period”). You’ll be automatically opted in to a paid monthly subscription of £8.99pm after Extra Period. Opt out at any time. Offer may be withdrawn at any time. Charges applied to O2 bill & are subject to change.. Select Disney+ within 28 days of making qualifying purchase & redeem within 28 days of selecting it. Must set up Disney+ account & agree to its terms of use. Cannot benefit from more than one Extra Period. Unless otherwise communicated to you, redeeming Disney+ through O2 will not automatically cancel or suspend any Disney+ subscription offered directly by Disney or through another third party. It’s your responsibility to manage direct or third party subscriptions. Plus: Get up to 6 months on us depending on eligible tariff you select (“Extra Period”). Up to 6 months Extra Period: Amazon Prime, Audible, Amazon Music Unlimited, Cafeyn, Disney+ and McAfee You’ll be automatically opted in to a paid monthly subscription after Extra Period: Amazon Prime £8.99, Amazon Music Unlimited £9.99pm, Audible £7.99pm, Cafeyn £7.99pm, McAfee £4.99pm, Disney+ - Standard Plan with Ads £4.99pm, Standard Plan £8.99pm or Premium Plan £12.99pm.Opt out at any time. Offer may be withdrawn at any time. Charges applied to O2 bill & are subject to change. Select Extra within 28 days of making qualifying purchase & redeem within 28 days of selecting Extra. You may not be eligible to select Partner if you hold an existing account with Partner. Must set up Partner account & agree to their terms of use. Disney+: cannot benefit from more than one Extra Period. Ultimate: Get an Extra included for the lifetime of your plan when taking one of our Ultimate Plans (“Extra Period”). Extra Period will be shorter if you choose to leave your Ultimate Plan earlier. You’ll be automatically opted in to a paid monthly subscription if you leave your Ultimate Plan, current partner pricing: Amazon Prime £8.99pm, Cafeyn £7.99pm or Disney+ Premium Plan £10.99 (Customers taking Amazon Prime and Disney+ Premium Plan will get a £2 airtime discount that will remain for as long as they retain their paid Extra). Offer may be withdrawn at any time. Charges applied to O2 bill & are subject to change. If you leave your Ultimate Plan within 6 months of redeeming your Ultimate inclusive Extra, you will need to pay for this Extra at the then-current partner price for the remainder of the initial 6 month period that applies. After that period expires, you will be able to cancel this Extra.. Select your Extra at any time after making a qualifying purchase & redeem within 28 days of selecting Extra. You may not be eligible to select Partner if you hold an existing account with Partner. Must set up Partner account & agree to their terms of use. Disney+: cannot benefit from more than one Extra Period. Eligibility: must purchase new eligible tariff direct from O2. Select Disney+ at any time after making a qualifying purchase & redeem within 28 days of selecting it. Must set up Disney+ account & agree to its terms of use. Cannot benefit from more than one Extra Period. Unless otherwise communicated to you, redeeming Disney+ through O2 will not automatically cancel or suspend any Disney+ subscription offered directly by Disney or through another third party. It’s your responsibility to manage direct or third party subscriptions. McAfee Mobile Security Plus: Only included with Ultimate Plans on eligible tariffs. Covers 1 device for 1 year. Requires iOS operating system 15.0 or later; Apple Watch app available with iPhone 5 and later or Android operating system 9.0 or later; Android Watch features supported with OS 9.0 or later. Charge outside your allowance For information on calls and messages outside your allowance see Extra charges guide | Charges for calls, messaging and data | O2 Browsing See our latest Pay Monthly terms . O2 customer services Free from your O2 mobile O2 Directories 118402 £1.50/min (minimum charge £1.50) International calls and texts See o2.co.uk/international Roaming calls, texts and data See o2.co.uk/abroad Premium Rate numbers See o2.co.uk/premium Non Standard Numbers Calls to 05, 08 and 07 special numbers including calls and texts to Jersey, Guernsey and Isle of Man landline or mobiles See https://www.o2.co.uk/help/account-and-billing/other-numbers-and-charges Free calls See https://www.o2.co.uk/help/account-and-billing/other-numbers-and-charges See O2 extra charges guide for a full list of what you'll pay for calls, texts and data outside your bundle. About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Modern Slavery Statement Access for all Corporate Statements Telefonica UK Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (reference number 202422) and Virgin Media is an appointed representative of Telefonica UK Ltd. For Virgin Mobile only, Virgin Media is an appointed representative of Virgin Media mobile finance which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (reference number 626215) ©2025 Virgin Media. All Rights Reserved, ©2025 Telefonica. All Rights Reserved