 Virtual Piano - Play The Best Online Piano Keyboard Skip to content Register/Login Menu Play Piano Music Sheets Learn/Teach Instruments Compete Virtual Piano v1 Virtual Piano is the world's first and most loved online piano keyboard. Enabling you to play the piano instantly . Become an online pianist and create your own extraordinary music! QUICK. EASY. ENJOYABLE. LOAD THE PIANO 1. Select a song in the Virtual Piano Search box or by browsing the Music Sheets . 2. Letters in the music sheets refer to the keys on your computer keyboard. 3. Press the highlighted keys on your computer keyboard to play the song. More on How To Play VIRTUAL PIANO Virtual Piano enables you to play the piano on your computer keyboard, mobile, and tablet. QUICK. EASY. ENJOYABLE. Learn to play the piano instantly on Virtual Piano. Become an online pianist and create your own extraordinary music! The platform enables you to play the piano instantly on your computer keyboard, mobile, and tablet. This online tool helps you learn to play a variety of virtual music instruments, become an online pianist and create your own extraordinary music! VirtualPiano.net is the original online piano platform, played by more than 19 million people a year. It is free to use by anyone, anywhere, anytime. But there's more. Way more, when you join. Those who wish to experience the full range of the platform's powerful features have the option of becoming a member . You don’t need to download or install anything. However, Virtual Piano offers a Web App for all mobile & tablet devices as an option. The best part is that you don’t even need to know how to read music notation. VirtualPiano.net's music sheets use the plain English alphabet and simple semantics, so you can enjoy the experience of playing the piano in less than a minute. Oh, and the music sheets are free too! Thousands of them. So, go find and play a song that moves you. Learn it, teach it and share it. Make a positive impact on the world around you. Amplify your imagination, creativity and a new love for music. Begin today. VIRTUAL PIANO IS THE WORLD’S FIRST AND MOST LOVED ONLINE PIANO KEYBOARD More about us To play a wrong note is insignificant; to play without passion is inexcusable! Ludwig van Beethoven COMPOSER Be the very best version of the artist you are inspired by and there's never a better time than now to begin. Habib Amir VIRTUAL PIANO FOUNDER Where words leave off, music begins. Heinrich Heine POET Music is the literature of the heart; it commences where speech ends. Alphonse de Lamartine WRITER It’s amazing to be able to follow someone else’s music sheet, but there’s a whole other thrill in the bravery and innovation of composing your own melody! Habib Amir VIRTUAL PIANO FOUNDER Music is the language of the spirit. It opens the secret of life bringing peace, abolishing strife. Kahlil Gibran WRITER Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. Victor Hugo POET Music in the soul can be heard by the universe. Lao Tzu PHILOSOPHER Where words fail, music speaks. Hans Christian Andersen AUTHOR A painter paints pictures on canvas. But musicians paint their pictures on silence. Leopold Stokowski CONDUCTOR Music is the strongest form of magic. Marilyn Manson MUSICIAN The notes I handle no better than many pianists. But the pauses between the notes ah, that is where the art resides. Artur Schnabel PIANIST Play always as if in the presence of a master. Robert Schumann COMPOSER Without music, life would be a mistake. Friedrich Nietzsche PHILOSOPHER Don't be afraid of change. It represents life and energy. Change is good. Reinvent yourself. You have the tools in front of you. The right time is now. Habib Amir VIRTUAL PIANO FOUNDER I dreamt of you last night - as if I was playing the piano and you were turning the pages for me. Vladimir Nabokov NOVELIST Life is like a piano. What you get out of it depends on how you play it. Tom Lehrer MUSICIAN One of my biggest thrills for me still is sitting down with a guitar or a piano and just out of nowhere trying to make a song happen. Paul McCartney MUSICIAN One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain. Bob Marley MUSICIAN Music, once admitted to the soul, becomes a sort of spirit, and never dies. Edward Bulwer Lytton WRITER Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination and life to everything. Plato PHILOSOPHER Premium Membership Love Virtual Piano? Level up with Virtual Piano Plus . Premium includes: ★ Ad-free experience ★ Faster engine ★ Save instruments & themes ★ 5 Levels of Virtual Piano Education ★ Record & download performances ★ Thousands of sheets included ★ Performance stats & challenges ★ Commercial-use licence ★ Sync across all devices Less than $5 USD / month Recurring annual billing • Cancel anytime Get Virtual Piano Plus Featured on ITV BBC Metro Daily Mirror "I fell in love" ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ "Hours of fun" ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ "clever learning" ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ "It's the future" ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ WE'VE GOT NEWS! BUT FIRST : Clear your browser cache and reload Virtual Piano to be able to indulge in the latest updates. Begin Virtual Piano Music Education . Trusted by over 5,000 schools and 19 million individuals, here's a music course that is both enjoyable and effective. We are thrilled to announce Virtual Piano Music Scholarships that boost learning - awarded to ambitious individuals who need financial support. Say hello to the Best Music Studio ! Create quick orchestral compositions with 24 of the world's best classical music instruments in minutes. ing 10 new virtual music instruments on Virtual Piano. Load the new instruments via the piano SOUND menu or on the Instruments page. Spotlight On MUSIC SHEETS Aan Paavam (Theme) Stockholm Syndrome Spotlight On ARTISTS Pascal Michael Stiefel John Murphy Play Online Piano Play Piano About Virtual Piano Virtual Music Instruments Music Sheets Find Music Sheets A-Z of Music Sheets Latest Music Sheets Request / Submit Songs Education Virtual Music Education How To Play Watch/Listen Listen & Watch 25 Videos To Watch Best Piano Videos Compete 2021 Championships Virtual Piano Challenge Virtual Piano League Past Champions Latest Songs Aria Math Enamorado Tuyo Death Note – L’s Theme Tenebre Rosso Sangue What’s New Christmas Songs to Master This Holiday Season 9 Piano Songs for a Cosy Winter Mood The Scariest Piano Songs for Halloween 5 Reasons Why Every Child Should Use Virtual Piano at School Community Global Community Online Piano News Mobile & Tablet App Review Virtual Piano FAQs Twitter Youtube FB Soundcloud Account Login/Register Membership Get Virtual Piano Most Popular Piano Music Categories Genres Pop Classical Rock Dance Indie Theme Songs From Movies Songs From Games Christmas Songs Songs From TV Difficulty Super Easy Easy Intermediate Expert Artists Hans Zimmer Twenty One Pilots One Direction Coldplay Adele Countries USA UK Japan Canada Virtual Musical Instruments Classical Piano Grand Classical Piano Upright Piano Organ Classical Guitar Harp Glockenspiel Violin Pan Flute Accordion Sitar Oud Mixed Percussion Steelpan Brass Ensemble Koto Saxophone Clarinet Oboe Flamenco Guitar Double Bass Auditorium Piano Jazz Piano Stage Piano Information for Parents  | Media & Partnerships | Contact | Disclaimer | Manage Consent | Privacy © 2025 Virtual Piano  |  Intellectual property of Crystal Magic Studio Ltd. | Terms & Conditions