VirusFree - Guaranteed anti-spam and anti-virus login cs Home Virusfree Solutions Resources Customers and support Company Blog Try Virusfree Home Virusfree Solutions Resources Customers and support Company Blog Customer portal CZ Try Virusfree Protect email with Virusfree Cloud-based security solution for your email Try it for free Threat reports Problems we solved Useful resources Safe emailing Protect incoming and outcoming emails. Clean email Say goodbye to spams and unwanted emails. Spam emails Ransomware Spear phishing See all threats Virusfree filter What is Virusfree Virusfree is email security cloud service. It accurately and effectively protects your mailbox from the full range of cyber threats, while still ensuring you can receive and send secure emails. With Virusfree defence package you will get reliable antispam, antivirus, attachment protection and email encryption. Botnet detection Our AI botnet detector recognises malicious emails sent from botnets and will stop them even when other security solutions do not. 85% threats attacks users through email Real-time protection Multi-layer filter and real-time dynamic threat analysis automatically scan and control all emails and attachments. 100 mil checked emails daily Virusfree defence package With Virusfree defence package you will get reliable antispam, antivirus, attachment protection and email encryption. The package also contains service management through Virusfree customer portal and, of course, customer support from our specialists. More about Virusfree Effective email protection Be armed and ready to fight the email cyber threats with Virusfree. Technology is always evolving to make work and life more manageable. But cyber-attacks are also evolving to be harder to spot and more damaging and more sophisticated than ever. For your business, that can mean big bills, lost work time, and a damaged reputation. They're not just a nuisance - they can cause a significant financial headache. Don't hesitate, and protect your business from: Spam Ransomware Spear-phishing Whaling Viruses And more effective_email_protection News Resources As our exposure to digital networks grows and the Internet of Things (IoT) expands to encompass more... Though many people will be familiar with the term ‘phishing,’ few outside the cybersecurity... Wherever there exists networked, digital devices, cybersecurity is an important consideration. The... In recent years, the threat to digital healthcare systems has grown significantly. It is not... Blog Sextortion scam goes still big Don't change passwords regularly, there are only two reasons Google Drive Spam Abuse Check your outgoing mail, you will uncover problems in your network Cloud antispam is better than your local installation Let’s find out! Start a free, 14-day trial and find out how our innovative security software helps protect you. Sign-up today and say goodbye to cybersecurity threats. Try it for free Contact us Company Excello s.r.o CRN: 27444899 VAT number: CZ27444899 Prague, Czechia Contact info@virusfree.cz support@virusfree.cz Useful links Customer portal Help Home Virusfree Solutions Resources Customers and support Company Blog Free trial Copyright © 2025 Excello s.r.o. All Rights Reserved. This website uses first and third party cookies for advertising purposes. By clicking "Accept", you consent to the use of cookies. Read more about these cookies. Decline Accept