AI Search & Recommendations Platform 📣 A New Chapter: ViSenze Joins Rezolve Ai 📣 Solutions Multi Search AI Recommendations Analytics Success Stories Case Studies Resources Newsletter Guides Blog Company Updates Videos & Webinars Developer Hub Why ViSenze About Us Careers Contact Us Login Request a Demo AI Commerce Search and Discovery Leverage the power of multimodal AI for uniquely personalized search and instantly relevant product recommendations that drives unmatched conversions and revenue. REQUEST A DEMO Trusted by the world’s leading brands and retailers Multi-Search One Search, Multiple Experiences Keyword-based search limits customers, leading to lost sales. Customers want a smarter search that ‘gets’ them. Introducing Multi-Search! Your customers can now search using natural language text, keywords, images, or any combination in one query, thereby simplifying product discovery and increasing conversions. You can also use social search and make all your posts shoppable in one click. Know More AI Text Search Visual Search Similar Search Shopping Assistant Social Search Recommendations Recommendations for ‘you’ Surfacing the right products that suit your customer’s needs at the right time to enable a purchase decision is critical. With ViSenze’s AI recommendation engine, you can do just that! Not just that, your customers can ‘ask’ for personalized recommendations with our intuitive AI shopping assistant to get the best product suggestions based on their unique needs. Know More Visually Similar Pairing Suggestions Shop the Look Recommend Me Experience Studio Customize Search and Discovery Experiences You know your customers best, and with our experience studio, you can craft the perfect online store for them. Our studio provides everything you’d need to build site-wide text/image/lens search, along with conversational shopping assistant-led search or even a ‘trigger’ search from any image in your catalog! You can also enable recommendations from Look-Books, UGC, and social media! Talk about enabling ‘limitless’ search and discovery experiences! Know More GenAI Tagging Enable Smooth Product Discovery with Seamless AI-based Tagging You don’t need us to tell you what a pain manual tagging is. ViSenze’s GenAI Smart Tagging utilizes advanced AI and machine learning to automatically apply relevant tags to products at scale. This ensures enriched product data, making entire catalogs more searchable and tailored to customer intent. Integrated with Multi-Search, it provides a seamless shopping experience by surfacing products based on shopper preferences and trending styles; increasing findability and revenue. Know more Analytics Monitor Performance, measure Growth, and maximize Conversions How can you continuously make your customer’s journey better? With actionable data! However, tracking and analyzing the right data is hard! With ViSenze’s Analytics, you can make every customer activity count and continuously improve their online shopping experience. You can anticipate demand, attribute better, identify gaps in the customer funnel, track emerging trends, and future-proof yourself. Know more Why ViSenze? Unified Multimodality Experience Our AI-powered platform seamlessly integrates search and recommendations into one experience,
providing a truly immersive shopping journey. Cutting-Edge AI and Machine Learning Our state-of-the-art AI engine has been extensively trained over a decade on hundreds of millions of commerce products. Combine this with the latest LLMs, we have a powerful engine that can seamlessly boost your shopping experience and enhance conversions! Global Support and Customization Our team of retail AI experts and a global 24X7 team collaborate closely with you to ensure that our solution is tailored to your unique business needs, optimizing it at every stage for maximum impact. Scalable and High-Performance ViSenze's platform is designed to seamlessly scale, managing large and multiple catalogs while handling peak traffic events with ease, ensuring blazing-fast performance for your website and apps. Industry-Leading Expertise Our expertise is driven by our team's extensive experience working with leading retailers across the globe, giving us a deep understanding of the industry's evolving challenges and best practices. Fast, Scalable, and Secure Product Discovery platform Request a demo AI Discovery built for your business Fast Fashion Instant Search and Style with AI-Powered Fashion Discovery Luxury Sophistication Meets Speed. AI-Curated Luxury Product Discovery Marketplace Simplify your Shopper's Journey with AI Search and Recommendations Home & Decor Redefine Living Spaces with AI-driven Search and Shop the Room Eyewear Guide your Customers to the Perfect Look with AI-powered Discovery Seamless Integrations made possible with ViSenze With our connectors, SDKs and APIs, you’ll be up and running without breaking a sweat! Be it with ecommerce platform providers or your custom site/app, integration is a breeze! Now, AI-powered product discovery is just a click away! Customer Success Stories Myntra Zalora ShowPo Myntra leverages ViSenze’s ‘Similar’ and ‘Look’ recommendation engines to suggest visually similar items and recommend shoppable products from the model image respectively, increasing their AOV and revenue. Read more ViSenze helped Zalora craft a seamless search and discovery experience, which resulted in a higher engagement rate of more than 10% and increased the average order value by 15%. Read more ViSenze powers Showpo’s ‘See Similar’ carousel on their site and mobile app. This helped Showpo curate a collection of similar items based on the visual attributes of the item currently being viewed. Read more One of the major challenges we had to solve was the language barrier when it came to search for our shoppers. ViSenze’s AI-powered Visual Search has been a perfect match for us. The ease of shopping is amazing given that relevant product results pop up in less than 500ms. The numbers speak for themselves. Gagan Mahajan Group Product Manager at Meesho We wanted to enable a seamless search experience for our Gen Z and tech-savvy shoppers to ensure quick and relevant results. ViSenze ticked all the right boxes. ViSenze’s AI-Powered Visual Search has helped us convert significantly higher than text search. Nikhil Jain Head of Product at Reliance AJIO ViSenze truly espouses a blend of innovation and smart technology. Their solution is simple to understand, easy to use and delivers the results we need. Karthik Subramanian CTO at Zalora Group ViSenze Smart Recommendation solution helped with a 20% increase in click-through rates within a month of implementation. Our relationship with their team has been strong, and they continue to develop new solutions for us. Alexia Alekseeva Director Of User Experience at EyeBuyDirect By putting images at the heart of the customer experience, we’re greatly improving the shopper journey and we achieve these smart visual recommendations with ViSenze. The fantastic working relationship with the team also helped us develop ideas and iterate quickly James Vernon Head of Online at DFS ViSenze is truly an example of innovation.  We are able to create a seamless shopping experience for our customers. Their solution is reliable and delivers the results we exactly need. Juliette Gimenez Co-Founder and CEO at Goxip Latest Insights and Trends Try Multi-Search and AI Recommendations Free for 30 Days ROI in 2 Weeks I Easy setup I Full support I No contracts Request A Demo CONNECT WITH US Solutions Smart Recommendations Multi Search Smart Data Success Stories Case Studies Resources Guides Blog News Videos & Webinars Why Visenze Our Approach Our Partners About Us Our Values Careers © 2023 Visenze. Security Terms of Service Privacy Policy