Visit Orlando | Hotels, Restaurants, Things to Do & Vacation Guide Your browser is not supported for this experience. We recommend using Chrome, Firefox, Edge, or Safari. Skip navigation Skip to main content Things To Do Beyond Theme Parks Arts & Entertainment Attractions Nature & Outdoors Neighborhoods Audubon Park City District College Park Curry Ford West Eatonville Gateway Orlando Ivanhoe Village Lake Nona The Milk District Mills 50 District Parramore SODO Thornton Park West Lakes City of Winter Garden City of Winter Park Relaxation & Spas Shopping Sports Golf Drinks & Nightlife Food & Dining Restaurant Row Free Things to Do Theme Parks Walt Disney World® Resort Magic Kingdom® EPCOT® Disney's Animal Kingdom® Disney's Hollywood Studios® Disney Springs® Disney's Blizzard Beach® Disney's Typhoon Lagoon® SeaWorld® Orlando SeaWorld® Aquatica® Discovery Cove® Universal Orlando Resort Universal Studios Florida Universal Islands of Adventure Universal Epic Universe Universal Volcano Bay The Wizarding World of Harry Potter Universal CityWalk LEGOLAND® Florida Resort LEGOLAND® Florida Theme Park Peppa Pig Theme Park Water Parks What's New Plan Accessibility Orlando For All Black American Asian American Hispanic & Latino Gay Orlando Get To Know Orlando Interactive Map & City Guide Virtual Tour Green Orlando Planning Resources Healthy Travel Fast Facts Transportation Trip Planner U.S. Entry Requirements Vacation Planning Services Visit Orlando App Travel Partners Vacation Ideas Orlando for Adults Visiting With Kids With Infants to Pre-K With School-Aged Kids With Teens Weddings & Reunions Luxury Weather Events Places To Stay Offers Things To Do Back to Main Menu Things To Do Overview Things To Do Win a Trip Plan Back to Main Menu Plan Overview Plan Interactive Map Events Places To Stay Offers Tickets Menu Close Search Search for Orlando activities and accommodations Things To Do Beyond Theme Parks Arts & Entertainment Attractions Nature & Outdoors Neighborhoods Audubon Park City District College Park Curry Ford West Eatonville Gateway Orlando Ivanhoe Village Lake Nona The Milk District Mills 50 District Parramore SODO Thornton Park West Lakes City of Winter Garden City of Winter Park Relaxation & Spas Shopping Sports Golf Drinks & Nightlife Food & Dining Restaurant Row Free Things to Do Theme Parks Walt Disney World® Resort Magic Kingdom® EPCOT® Disney's Animal Kingdom® Disney's Hollywood Studios® Disney Springs® Disney's Blizzard Beach® Disney's Typhoon Lagoon® SeaWorld® Orlando SeaWorld® Aquatica® Discovery Cove® Universal Orlando Resort Universal Studios Florida Universal Islands of Adventure Universal Epic Universe Universal Volcano Bay The Wizarding World of Harry Potter Universal CityWalk LEGOLAND® Florida Resort LEGOLAND® Florida Theme Park Peppa Pig Theme Park Water Parks What's New Plan Accessibility Orlando For All Black American Asian American Hispanic & Latino Gay Orlando Get To Know Orlando Interactive Map & City Guide Virtual Tour Green Orlando Planning Resources Healthy Travel Fast Facts Transportation Trip Planner U.S. Entry Requirements Vacation Planning Services Visit Orlando App Travel Partners Vacation Ideas Orlando for Adults Visiting With Kids With Infants to Pre-K With School-Aged Kids With Teens Weddings & Reunions Luxury Weather Events Places To Stay Offers Things To Do Back to Main Menu Things To Do Overview Things To Do Win a Trip Plan Back to Main Menu Plan Overview Plan Interactive Map Events Places To Stay Offers Meetings Media Trade Members About Blog Trip Planner Tickets Dynamic Variation: Default Orlando Welcomes You You are always welcome here. The possibilities are endless. And wonder is always within reach. Experience the authentic getaway you deserve in Orlando. Plan Your Visit Help me plan my Orlando vacation. AI Assistance Dynamic Variation: Default Who Should Visit Orlando? Everyone. Did you know that it takes 121 days to fully experience everything there is to do in Orlando, Florida? Start planning your adventures now. Orlando For Adults If you think an Orlando vacation is kids’ stuff, think again. You are sure to delight in our endless diversity for adults. Learn More Visiting With Kids Prepare for the family adventure of a lifetime with endless possibilities for wondrous enchantment and unforgettable fun. Learn More Uncover the Wonders of Your Ultimate Destination Orlando’s welcoming variety ensures unforgettable vacations filled with unique experiences for every visitor. Start living your dreams today. ©Disney Theme Parks Water Parks Orlando Starflyer Attractions © Seito Sushi Food & Dining Drinks & Nightlife Arts & Entertainment @GetUpAndGoKayaking Nature & Outdoors Shopping Orlando for All Clean Your Dirty Face - Winter Park Relaxation & Spas Sports Unique Orlando Experiences 1 of #VisitOrlando Follow and tag @VisitOrlando to join the fun. Something Is Always Happening in Orlando Endless adventures await in the Theme Park Capital of the World. The choice is yours with diverse, welcoming fun for everyone. View Events Hilton Orlando Buena Vista Palace Search Events Near Your Lodging No matter where you are staying in the Orlando area, something is probably happening nearby. Lake Nona Quickly Find Budget-Friendly Events You do not have to break the bank to have a blast in Orlando. Find Live Concerts & Shows Discover live music and other performances at Orlando's top venues. Ready to Plan Your Trip? Walt Disney World Swan & Dolphin Getting to Know Orlando Think you know Orlando? If you have only experienced our tourism districts, think again. Explore Access Planning Resources Get trusted, complimentary vacation planning assistance that can help make all your Orlando dreams come true. Explore Explore Places to Stay With more than 480 hotels and resorts and over 130,000 rooms, you will always find the perfect place to stay in Orlando. Explore Interactive Map Between an easy-to-navigate highway system, commuter rail, and a complete range of public transportation and ride-share services, it is easy to get where you are going in Orlando. View Interactive Map From Our Blog 1 of More to Explore You will never run out of one-of-a-kind adventures in Orlando. See what else
is waiting to amaze you. Sponsored Sponsored Sponsored Sponsored Sponsored Dynamic Variation: Default © 2025 Visit Orlando Blog Contact Us Meetings Membership Trade Media About Us Careers Accessibility Sitemap Copyright & Trademarks Privacy Policy & Terms of Access Cookie Settings Orlando's Only Official Website Receive the latest Orlando news and special offers. Sign Up