The official guide to Copenhagen | Visit Copenhagen Skip to main content The official guide to Copenhagen Beyond Copenhagen Copenhagen Card See & do Eat & drink City areas Planning Beyond Copenhagen My Trip Search Get to know Copenhagen, the capital of Denmark Photo : Daniel Rasmussen & Mark Tanggaard Your guide to the perfect Copenhagen experience The buzzing capital of Denmark mixes modern architecture and culture with sustainable living , royal history , and a mouthwatering restaurant scene . Get to know the city, do your planning, and find all your questions answered right here. To get a daily dose of inspiration, please follow @VisitCopenhagen on Instagram. Tell us what you're looking for Are you already in Copenhagen? Are you planning your trip or looking to get inspired to what to do today? We got you covered. I'm considering travelling to Copenhagen I'm travel planning I want inspiration for today I want to check out events Save money with a Copenhagen Card With a Copenhagen Card in hand, you can visit +80 attractions and use public transportation for free throughout the entire capital region. The Copenhagen Card is available as a 24-, 48-, 72-, 96-, or 120-hours card both for adults and juniors. Each adult cardholder can bring up to two children under the age of 12 for free. Buy your Copenhagen Card here Start exploring Any season is a good season to explore Copenhagen, whether on foot, on bike or sailing your own electric boat through the canals. Guide: Christmas in Copenhagen The merriest of times in the merriest of places. Copenhagen simply oozes Christmas spirit and "hygge" of course. Experience Christmas in Copenhagen, where traditional customs are mixed with plain fun and good times. Editor's Choice In the Copenhagen Unfolded newsletter, the editors at VisitCopenhagen take turns recommending their personal activities for the coming month. Discover cultural activities, food, events, and insights and go beneath the surface with Copenhagener local's point of view Podcast: Insider's guide to Copenhagen Whether you're a Copenhagen local or visiting, you will discover plenty of new spots in this podcast! Radio and television host Esben Bjerre joins different Copenhageners in their favourite activities, places to eat, where they bring their friends, and many hidden gems around the city. Copenhagen is buzzing all year around Copenhagen is blessed with four very distinct seasons each with their own special flavour. The Copenhagen weather plays a big part in shaping these seasons, from the vibrant summer vibe to the colourful autumn, cosy winter, and beautiful spring. Copenhagen is incredible no matter the time of year. Spring Summer Autumn Winter It's in everything we do Copenhagen strives to be a city that is not only a cool place to visit but also a great place to live. This is why we take sustainability, livability, and safety very seriously. Safety in Copenhagen Photo : Rasmus Hjortshøj Sustainability guide Photo : Guiseppe Liverino The Tietgen Residence Hall World Capital of Architecture Photo : VisitCopenhagen Insights from your local Copenhageners Get local tips for great experiences with Copenhagen Unfolded. Culture, food, design, history, and events - straight to your inbox once a month. Get Social : Useful links Web Accessibility Editorial policy Other sites Wonderful Copenhagen Cruise Denmark – Copenhagen and beyond Copenhagen Convention Bureau Travel Trade Copenhagen Card Intl. press room Contact Contact VisitCopenhagen Visit Copenhagen © 2026 Data Protection Notice English