Visit Malta - The Official Tourism Site for Malta, Gozo and Comino - Visit Malta Skip to content Visitors Professional Visitor Professional Visitor Professional Blue Lagoon | Book . Protect . Enjoy. Things To Do Short Breaks History Culture Gastronomy Gozo & Comino Swimming Spots Diving Churches Activities & Sports For the Family Film Weddings Sustainable Holidays Cruises Nightlife Studying in Malta Wellness Inspire Me Accommodation What’s On Book your trip Travel Information Accessibility Transportation Who Can Help Live Malta Cams Essential Information Maps & Guides Malta FAQ Tourist Info Centres Log in Sign up Help en Italiano Français Deutsch polski Español Nederlands Português Explore More Enjoy 3,000 hours of sunshine per year! Explore Malta Play Video Experience the sea Experience taste Experience Our Identity Experience Gozo Events This Month Event in February Search Events Date Range Explore more Swimming Spots Looking for beaches and crystal-clear blue Mediterranean water? Malta is the answer. Gastronomy Outstanding restaurants and spectacular local produce make Malta a foodie’s Heaven. Nightlife Festivals, theatre, clubs, bars and more. No two nights are the same in Malta! Diving With over 120 captivating dive sites and great visibility, Malta is a diver’s dream. Activities & Sports Ready for some action? With sun, sea, and more, you’ll always be on the go in Malta! History From prehistoric temples to cities built by knights, Malta is a historical paradise. Culture Maltese culture is magnetic – feasts, fireworks, traditions; one must experience it! Short Breaks Pressed for time? With history, sun, food and fun, Malta’s ideal for Short Breaks. Inspire Me Must-do 5min Best things to do in Malta in One Week DIVING 3min 10 wartime shipwrecks discovered in Maltese waters Diving 2min Explore these 5 sunken plane wrecks off the coast of Malta GOZO 5min Best things to do on Gozo Island VisitMalta Incentives & Meetings Welcome to VisitMalta Incentives & Meetings. Your partners in Malta for conferences , conventions, meetings , incentives, and more! Read more Book your trip to Malta! Looking for exceptional trips on Malta deals and vacation packages? Incredible experiences await! Book your trip today View More for you For the Family Kids in town? With activities, beaches, and more, there’s fun for everyone! Film What connects Game of Thrones, Gladiator, and Troy? They’re all shot in Malta! Studying in Malta Turn learning into fun through endless opportunities under the golden sun! Churches With 359 Churches around Malta, visiting one a day would take you almost a year! Weddings Tying the knot? With splendid venues, it’s time to walk down the aisle in Malta! Sustainable Malta With alluring nature parks and sustainable local produce, Malta is for you! Upcoming Events VIEW ALL Events Follow us on Instagram #visitmalta Our Partners Connect with us and other visitors Facebook Instagram X-twitter Youtube Download the VisitMalta+ App Subscribe to our Newsletter " * " indicates required fields Email * Consent * I agree to the Terms & Conditions * Links About Us Contact Us Accessibility Privacy Policy And Cookies Terms and Conditions About Us Contact Us Accessibility Privacy Policy And Cookies Terms and Conditions About Us Contact Us Accessibility Privacy Policy And Cookies Terms and Conditions About Us Contact Us Accessibility Privacy Policy And Cookies Terms and Conditions ©2025 VisitMalta. All rights reserved. Website Design and Development in Malta Things To Do Short Breaks History Culture Gastronomy Gozo & Comino Swimming Spots Diving Churches Activities & Sports For the Family Film Weddings Sustainable Holidays Cruises Nightlife Studying in Malta Wellness Inspire Me Accommodation What’s On Book your trip Travel Information Essential Information Maps & Guides Malta FAQ Accessibility Transportation Who Can Help Live Malta Cams Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase Text Increase Text Decrease Text Decrease Text Grayscale Grayscale High Contrast High Contrast Negative Contrast Negative Contrast Light Background Light Background Links Underline Links Underline Readable Font Readable Font Reset Reset Sitemap Sitemap