Places to go
Things to do
Practical tips
EN
Places to go
Things to do
Practical tips
Work with us
Business EventsMediaTravel Trade
Visit Finland – the happiest country in the world
What's your Christmas Personality?

Are you the Merrymaker or perhaps the Last Minute Wonder? Take our quiz and find out!

Go to quiz

Harri Tarvainen

Winter in Finland

Winter in Finland is all about snowy forests, frozen lakes, and the calm of the northern wilderness. Embrace the season with skiing, sauna, and a cup of hot coffee in a cozy café. And if you’re lucky, the Northern Lights might just dance above.

Read more
Plan your trip to Finland

Are you visiting Finland soon? Below you'll find a selection of seasonal highlights from the best things to do to hidden gems and more!

Finnish Christmas markets

Here's a look at the most special Christmas markets around the country.

Sleep under the Northern Lights

See our tips for the most unique places to stay and see the auroras.

Weather in Finland

See what the weather is like during this season and month in Finland.

What to eat in Finland

Discover all the uniquely Finnish foods you should try on your holiday.

Must-visit museums in Finland

Finland is full of unique museums and here's a look at some of the must-visit ones.

Best public saunas in the Helsinki region

The Helsinki region is full of interesting public saunas – here's a deep-dive into them.

Finnish sauna
Everything you need to know about sauna

All the most important tips about the best public saunas across the country, sauna etiquette and more!

Read more

Credits: Harri Tarvainen

1 / 1
Latest travel stories and tips from Finland

Dive into inspiring travel articles, practical tips, and local recommendations from across Finland. Whether you're chasing the northern lights, exploring vibrant cities, or soaking in a lakeside sauna, you'll find the latest ideas to make your trip unforgettable.

Lonely Planet names Finland Best in Travel 2026

Finland has been recognised by Lonely Planet as one of the world’s 25 must-visit destinations for 2026.

Classic Finnish restaurants you should visit

Taste authentic Finnish cuisine at historic local restaurants and bistros across Finland.

Guide to Alvar Aalto's architecture

Discover the works of Alvar Aalto and why he remains one of the world’s most influential modern architects.

10 unique things to do in Finland as a solo traveller

Discover why Finland is one of the safest and most rewarding destinations for solo travellers from saunas and scenic hikes.

Get to know Finland's market halls

Deep dive into Finland's one-of-a-kind market hall scene to find traditional treats, fresh Nordic flavours, and unique culinary experiences.

Best Finnish desserts and where to try them

Explore Finland’s most beloved desserts, from korvapuusti to blueberry pie, and explore the best cafés, bakeries, and shops to enjoy them.

Celebrate 80 years of Moomins

Discover special exhibitions, Moomin attractions, and magical events happening throughout 2025 in Finland.

Need help in planning your holiday?

No worries! We are here to help. Take our quiz below, pick your preferences, and we'll recommend the best region to visit in the upcoming holiday season.

 

1/5: What’s your ideal way to start the day on holiday?
Slow breakfast by a serene lake, followed by a dip
Morning hike in fresh Arctic air, surrounded by silence
Stroll to a cute design café or market hall
Sipping coffee on a boat, feeling the Baltic breeze
Choose One

Credits: Riku Pihlanto

Regions in Finland
From Arctic wilderness to vibrant urban life

Planning a trip to Finland but don’t know where to start? No worries. Let us introduce you to our four main regions, or as we like to call them, the fantastic four. Keep scrolling to learn more.

Credits: Hannes Becker

Lapland
Magical northern region full of contrasts

The sun never sets in summer, and during the rest of the year, the Aurora Borealis lights up the sky.

Explore Lapland
Helsinki region
Urban life with easy access to nature

Experience the perfect combination of urban and outdoors, lively and laid-back.

Explore Helsinki region

Credits: Miki Watanabe

Lakeland
Stunning labyrinth of lakes, islands, and forests

There's no scene more Finnish than a cosy cottage by a lake surrounded by emerald green forests.

Explore Lakeland

Credits: Mikko Nikkinen

Coast and Archipelago
World’s largest archipelago

Fall in love with its windswept beaches, maritime culture and easy-going island lifestyle.

Explore Coast and Archipelago

Credits: Julia Kivelä

1 / 5
A few common questions
View the full FAQ
What’s the best time of year to visit Finland?
Do I need a passport or visa to enter the country?
What are some basic facts about Finland?
Where should I go in Finland?
Finnish Lapland has a reindeer population of about 200,000. That’s 20,000 more reindeer than people!
Top articles about Finland
Explore all articles

Discover our most read articles about Finland, carefully selected to inspire your next adventure. From hidden gems and cultural insights to practical travel tips, these stories will help you explore this Nordic country of ours like a local.

Best things to do in Finland during winter

Experience the spectacular Northern Lights, go skiing in the picturesque crown-snow forests, or enjoy the atmosphere in an urban ice skate rink.

Meet Santa Claus in the Finnish Lapland

Find answers to your questions about Santa, including where he's from, how old he is and where he lives.

Sustainability
What to eat in Finland – guide to iconic Finnish foods

Taste the best of Finland with these must-try foods from rye bread and salmon soup to summer potatoes, reindeer stew, and truly unique local delicacies.

Hot Finnish sauna restaurants

Sauna, swim, and dine the Finnish way from seaside terraces in Helsinki to lakeside smoke saunas in Tampere, Lapland and beyond.

Best Finnish desserts and where to try them

Explore Finland’s most beloved desserts, from korvapuusti to blueberry pie, and explore the best cafés, bakeries, and shops to enjoy them.

Where can I see a reindeer in Finland?

Reindeer, the iconic antlered mammal of Lapland, is one not to miss on your trip to the North. Here are some tips on where to find them and what to expect!

Seven reasons why you can find happiness in Finland

Finland has been named the world's happiest nation year after year. Discover seven reasons that make Finland and its people so happy.

Best luxury spa experiences in Finland

Begin your relaxing spa journey with our handpicked selection of Finland’s best luxury spa experiences and make the most of your trip to Finland.

10 Best ski resorts in Finland

Long season, slopes suitable for everyone, lots of winter activities, and the Northern Lights make Finland the perfect winter destination for skiers, snowboarders, and outdoor enthusiasts.

Get to know Finland's market halls

Deep dive into Finland's one-of-a-kind market hall scene to find traditional treats, fresh Nordic flavors, and unique culinary experiences.

Top five experiences in winter Helsinki

Experience winter in the South of Finland. Discover the top five things to experience during the winter in Helsinki and plan your visit to Finland.

10 unique things to do in Finland as a solo traveller

Planning a solo trip? Discover why Finland is one of the safest and most rewarding destinations for solo travellers from saunas and scenic hikes to vibrant cities and Northern Lights adventures.

Travel sustainably

Sustainability is a top priority for us. Find out more about how to travel sustainably in Finland.

Learn more

Credits: Julia Kivelä

1 / 1
Curated routes to explore the best of Finland
Explore all routes

Not sure what to do on your next trip to Finland? No worries. We have gathered a selection of travel routes from different parts of the country. Find interesting sights to see, places to visit, and restaurants to dine in.

Finland on rails – scenic adventure by train
Helsinki7 days
The City Circuit
Helsinki4-5 days
West Coast Wonders
Turku5 days
Flavours of Eastern Finland
Joensuu4 days
Gems of Lapland – from midnight sun to autumn foliage
Rovaniemi5-6 days
0°C
2:19:58 AM
Helsinki region: cloudy

Work with us

Business Events
Media
Travel Trade

Connect

© VisitFinland.com 2026
Terms of use
Privacy statement
Accessibility
Cookies
Back to top
Leave us feedback