Related Digital | Ultimate Marketing Automation All in One Platform Skip to content SOLUTIONS Customer Data Platform Customer Journey Manager Email Marketing Search Recommendation Product Recommendation Web Personalization Mobile Personalization Gamification Channels RESOURCES All Blok Case Study E-book RMC Product Documentation PARTNERSHIP COMPANY Careers Contact Us Services & Support LOGIN TR EN Related Digital is providing services to 2000+ brands in 30+ countries now. TR EN Login SOLUTIONS · Customer Data Platform Make data-driven decisions with a 360-degree view of customer behaviors! · Customer Journey Manager Track customer journeys at every step and automate interactions. · Email Marketing Enjoy our expertise in comprehensive email marketing solutions. · Web Personalization Provide a unique web experience to each customer. · Mobile Personalization Strengthen your Mobile Marketing campaigns with integrated solutions. · Product Recommendation Provide personalized product recommendations based on customer behavior data. · Gamification Guarantee sales with fun game playbooks for your customers. · Search Recommendation Personalize your customers’ search process and highlight more products! · Channels You can target the right audience at the right time with the right message in every channel you need. CUSTOMERS RESOURCES · Blog Our rich resource covering everything you want to learn about digital marketing. · Ebooks Access info for leveraging seasonal campaigns and our products efficiently. · Case Studies Examine the benefits our solutions provide to our customers in detail. · RMC Product Documentation Find all the information you need for the installation and use of our products here. SEE ALL > PARTNERS ABOUT US Request Form Menu Turn Audiences into Customers, Customers into Loyal Users Related Digital offers AI-powered* , cross-channel solutions that connect all your data sources to create personalized experiences for your customers. REQUEST A DEMO With 1000+ Brands, From Engagement to Conversion Our marketing technologies reach thousands of brands and stand out with high conversion rates across multiple industries. ALL CUSTOMERS SUCCESS STORIES E-commerce x2,4 increase in orders Retail +%36 revenue contribution Cosmetics & Healthcare %34 add-to-cart rate Hospitality – Food & Beverage %42 conversion rate Automotive %67 completion rate of customer journeys Featured Solutions Explore our featured solutions designed to help you achieve your marketing goals and enhance customer experience across every channel. Omnichannel Automation Discover advanced automation solutions for all channels, including email, push, SMS, and WhatsApp Business. Gamification & Target Leverage real-time targeting with Target and boost engagement with exciting Gamification modules. Reco Deliver personalized recommendations based on behaviors across web, email, and push channels to increase engagement, and sales conversions. Customer Data Platform With Related Digital CDP, unify data from all channels under one roof to better understand your customers. Provide real-time segmentation and data-driven personalized actions to boost your marketing success. LEARN MORE Our Competitive Advantages AI & Data Driven With 24 years of experience and millions of data points, predictive AI-powered analytics are enabled. White Label Solutions The world’s most successful marketing tools are integrated into our panel to deliver reliable and easy-to-use solutions. Deliverability Emails are ensured to reach the right people, at the right time, to maximize campaign performance. Recognize, Connect, Create Loyalty Unknown Visitor Track visitor behavior and capture contact details at the moment of interest. Known Visitor Provide personalized content across all channels and maintain continuous communication. Retained Customer Match purchase or interaction data to create micro-segments for deeper personalization. Loyal Customer Build a seamless, personalized journey that rewards behavior and strengthens emotional bonds. Seamless Customer Experience Are you ready to reach the right customer, at the right time, through the right channel? REQUEST A DEMO E-books Explore free, detailed guides to strengthen your marketing strategy. E-BOOKS Blog Stay up-to-date with marketing trends and tips. RELATED BLOG Demo Learn how we can transform your marketing with a live demo. REQUEST A DEMO Success Stories Get inspired by our success stories and see real results. INDUSTRIES & CUSTOMERS Channels Easily manage all your marketing channels from a single platform. LEARN MORE SOLUTIONS Customer Data Platform Customer Journey Manager Email Marketing Web Personalization Mobile Personalization Product Recommendation Search Recommendation Gamification Channels COMPANY Careers Contact Us Partnership Services & Support RESOURCES Blog E-book Case Study RMC Product Documentation POLICY ISO 23301 ISO 27701 ISO 27001 GDPR GDPR FAQ Privacy Policy Anti-Spam Policy RMC Product Privacy Policy Integrated Management System Policy Cookie Policy KVKK Policy Related Digital 2023 Edit Cookie Settings