Skip to content
Skip to navigation
VISITLONDON.COM
OFFICIAL VISITOR GUIDE
EN
£ GBP
Search
Search
Home
Book tickets
Sightseeing 
Theatre 
Things to do 
Traveller information 
London accommodation
Blog
Discover London
I want to
London's Official Visitor Guide

Inspiring 22 million people each year

Book easily via our trusted partners

Your purchases support jobs in London

Must-sees

A trip to London wouldn't be complete without experiencing London's most iconic attractions, famous shows and exciting tours. Book in advance so you don't miss out.

Hop-on hop-off Bus Tour

Enjoy unlimited travel around London and get on and off at key sights with this convenient tour.

New Year's Eve cruises

Celebrate the New Year and see London’s world-famous fireworks from a unique viewpoint.

Christmas Lights Tour

See London’s iconic Christmas lights and famous landmarks lit up on this night-time bus tour.

The London Pass

Sightsee and save as you explore some of London’s famous landmarks and biggest attractions.

Visiting London for the first time?

Discover your ultimate guide to London... from the best activities in the city to top restaurants, bars, hotels, theatre shows, musicals, attractions and more!

If you're visiting London for the first time, here's a helpful guide to make your first trip safe, easy and, most of all, fun! Navigate London with ease by following the latest traveller information and discovering how to get around the city by land, Underground, river and air, with London's accessible transport network.

Find out more
Advertisement
Need some inspiration for what to do?
London theatre tickets
London attractions
London sightseeing
Royal London
Where to eat
Visit London app
Explore London

From world-class musicals to top attractions, one-of-a-kind tours and family fun, discover plenty of amazing things to do and places to see in London. Explore the city at your own pace by walking or cycling, or take advantage of public transport.

The best musicals in London on now

Be captivated by dazzling dance and top show tunes in London’s West End.

Best London tours and excursions

Uncover unique sites and hidden gems on a tour of the city with a local London expert.

Unmissable attractions in London

Spot landmarks from the London Eye, uncover royal history at Buckingham Palace and more.

Top day trips

Explore historic sites, charming cities and quaint villages on a day tour from London.

Top London tickets
Attractions
Tours
Theatre
Best-selling London attraction tickets

London is home to a huge range of attractions, from classics such as Buckingham Palace and other royal attractions, to visitor favourites including the London Eye and the popular Warner Bros. Studios Tour London – The Making of Harry Potter.

Must-see
The London Eye

Spot iconic landmarks with 360-degree views of London during a rotation of this modern-day icon.

From £37.00

London itinerary essential
Tower of London

Explore London's iconic castle and fortress, home of the world-famous Crown Jewels.


From £35.80

Warner Bros. Studio Tour

Go behind the scenes and experience a magical day of special effects and iconic film sets.

From £119.00

Westminster Abbey

Marvel at the impressive architecture and uncover fascinating royal history within.

From £31.00

Windsor Castle

Follow in the footsteps of royalty with a visit to the world's oldest occupied castle.

From £31.00

Madame Tussauds

Rub shoulders with royalty and superstars as you explore four immersive experiences.

From £29.00

What's coming up in London

Find out what's coming up in London with our monthly and seasonal guides crammed full of ideas and events to enjoy throughout the year. Or find top tips for things to do this weekend.

This week
 
This weekend
 
This month
 
This winter
Things to do in winter
Find out more
Cirque du Soleil

Don't miss the magic of Cirque du Soleil, as its popular show OVO returns for a limited run.

New Year’s Eve party by the London Eye

Ring in the New Year and see the world-famous fireworks from beside the iconic London Eye.

Paradox Museum

Step into the Paradox Museum London for mind-bending illusions and interactive fun.

Christmas Karma

Don’t miss Christmas Karma, a Bollywood-inspired twist on A Christmas Carol, in cinemas from 14 November.

London musicals

Book a spot at the best London musicals. From timeless shows with catchy tunes and dazzling dance numbers to inspiring off-West-End musicals that will leave you wanting more. Find London musical tickets for long-running and highly anticipated shows now.

The Phantom of the Opera

See Andrew Lloyd Webber's award-winning gothic romance and one of London's longest-running shows.

From £28.00

Wicked the Musical

Experience spectacular costumes and special effects in this multi-award-winning musical.

From £27.50

Special offer
Matilda the Musical

Discover the family-friendly stage adaptation of Roald Dahl's much-loved novel.

From £25.00

Les Misérables

Immerse yourself in Victor Hugo's famous novel of love, redemption and revolution in France.

From £28.75

Special offer
Hamilton the Musical

Get tickets to see the award-winning London production of the smash hit musical, Hamilton.

From £23.00

Special offer
Mamma Mia!

Sing along to the ultimate feel-good musical, filled with love, laughter and ABBA tunes.

From £17.25

Discover more with London videos

Want more information on things you can do and see in London? Watch the latest videos our team has put together!

Theatre in London
London Eye Champagne Experience
Westminster Abbey
Tower of London
St. Paul's Cathedral
Kew Gardens
City Cruises
Hop-on hop-off London bus tour
Shakespeare's Globe
Useful information
Where to stay
Public transport
Travelling to London
Sustainability
Oyster card
Accessible London
Uncover the magic of Christmas in London



 



Money-saving ideas
Follow these money-saving ideas to see more of London for less. Whether budget-friendly sightseeing passes, free attractions or top tips for cheap dining and hotels, find out how to visit London on a budget.
The Golden Pass
London on a budget
Choose a city pass
Ad feature by Hilton
Find the perfect Hilton hotel
Find out more
What's on in London
Plan your visit to coincide with top London events, from annual festivals to public holidays and sporting spectacles. Find out what's on in London now, or search for key events each month.
Christmas in London
101 things to do with kids
London events calendar
Go green in London: Tips for a sustainable stay
Discover many ways to be sustainable in London
Discover the best of London with the Visit London newsletter

By subscribing you agree to our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time by using the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email we send you.

Advertisement
visitlondon.com
OFFICIAL VISITOR GUIDE
TikTok
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
LEISURE
TOP THEATRE SHOWS
TOP LONDON ATTRACTIONS
TOP LONDON TOURS
Affiliates and content partners
London & Partners
Supported by Mayor of London
Contact us
About us
Advertise with us
Sustainability
Accessibility
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookies
London & Partners is registered in England under no. 7493460. Registered Office: London & Partners, 169 Union Street, London SE1 0LL. London & Partners is the growth agency for London. We are a social enterprise, combining purpose with commercial rigour. We are funded by grants, partners and our portfolio of venture businesses.
Focus