Visit Qatar - Official Website | Visit Qatar Skip to main content Visit Qatar Visit Qatar App Explore things to do in Qatar! GET VisitQatar Homepage Accessibility VisitQatar Homepage Accessibility en English Select your language ar en de fr es it tr zh ru Qatar Tourism About Qatar About Qatar About Qatar About Qatar Discover the essence of Qatar's rich history and culture. Geography of Qatar Geography of Qatar Known as the pearl of the Arabian Peninsula, Qatar's geography makes it unique in every sense. History of Qatar History of Qatar From ancient farmsteads to its connections with ancient Mesopotamia, explore Qatar's rich history. Qatar's climate Qatar's climate Enjoy year-round sunshine in Qatar and make the most of every season with our weather tips. Towns & cities in Qatar Towns & cities in Qatar Explore beyond Doha to learn more about Qatar's emerging towns, cities, and other places of interest. Doha Doha Experience one of Middle East's most enchanting cities: Doha, Qatar's thriving capital. Traditions in Qatar Traditions in Qatar Explore Qatar's traditions, from the central role of the majlis to rich cultural practices. Sports in Qatar Sports in Qatar Qatar is a passionate sporting nation, with ancient sports like falconry and major events like the Formula One. Read more The local cuisine of Qatar The local cuisine of Qatar Qatari cuisine is a vibrant blend of traditional Arabic flavours with diverse international influences. Wildlife Wildlife Qatar is home to unique wildlife, from the Arabian Oryx to the honored national bird: the falcon. Plan your trip Plan your trip Plan your trip Plan your trip Looking to plan your trip to Qatar? We’ve gathered all the information you need to effortlessly plan your trip, from visas and transport to accommodation and local tips. Visas Visas Visit Qatar hassle-free with a visa-free entry to 102 nationalities & easy e-visa solution for the rest. Accommodation in Qatar Accommodation in Qatar Qatar welcomes you with range of accommodation for every budget, from desert glamping to opulent luxury resorts. Learn more Getting to Qatar Getting to Qatar With convenient travel connections, worldwide, discover how easy it is to get to Qatar. Getting around in Qatar Getting around in Qatar Our guide on easy transportation in Qatar, including Doha public transport, car rental and taxis. Learn more Hamad Intl. Airport Hamad Intl. Airport All you need to know about Hamad International Airport. Tour operators Tour operators Experience Qatar like never before, with the help of professional tour operators and travel companies. Safety in Qatar Safety in Qatar Enjoy a worry-free travel in Qatar, a destination ranked among the safest countries in the world. Travel tips Travel tips Navigate the local culture with ease and make the most of your time in Qatar with our curated travel tips. Itineraries Itineraries Beaches, cultural sites, fine dining, sports. Your options in Doha will leave you spoilt for choice. Concierge services Concierge services Enjoy the best of Qatar with expert concierge services that handle every detail of your trip. Learn more Things to do Things to do Things to do Things to do Discover the top things to do in Doha and Qatar: the best family activities, beaches, adventures, shopping and more. Adventure & sports Adventure & sports Get your adrenaline pumping with thrilling activities in the sea, sand and sky. Art & culture Art & culture Explore the artistic side of Qatar and envelop yourself in the Qatari culture. Romantic getaway Romantic getaway Experience the most romantic getaway in Qatar. Beach holiday Beach holiday Discover the best beaches, islands, water parks and luxury resorts where you can enjoy our warm Gulf ocean and year-round sunshine. Family break Family break Renowned for being a family favourite destination, Qatar has a diverse range of things to see & do for all ages. Dining Dining Taste your way through Doha’s diverse food neighbourhoods, from food markets and street food to opulent dining destinations. Spa & wellness Spa & wellness Embrace the tranquillity of a desert retreat or unwind at one of Doha’s next-level spas, where rejuvenation has become an art form. Shopping Shopping Discover an astounding world of shopping in Qatar that feature unique souvenirs, luxury boutiques, impressive brand and everything in between. Qatar Calendar Qatar Calendar Qatar Calendar Qatar Calendar Discover all the upcoming events and festivals in Qatar. The Qatar calendar is also downloadable. Moments made for you Moments made for you Discover Qatar this winter with friends, family or as a couple. Adventure, culture and luxury come together in every moment. Qatar Int. Food Festival Qatar Int. Food Festival Bigger and better each year, Qatar’s most exciting food fair is returning in 2026 to tantalise your taste buds. Match for Hope 2026 Match for Hope 2026 Get your tickets to watch football legends and top creators in action as they raise funds for Education Above All. Book now! 25N 51E – Music Festival 25N 51E – Music Festival Step into Doha’s iconic Stadium 974 Precinct for an unforgettable night of world-class electronic music. Samla Int. Race 2026 Samla Int. Race 2026 Samla International is a non-stop 100-km endurance race featuring swimming, mountain biking, running and kayaking. Learn more Qatar ExxonMobil Open Qatar ExxonMobil Open The Qatar ExxonMobil Open, one of two ATP Tour events held in the Middle East, is an established ATP 500 tournament. Tennis greats such as Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic have all enjoyed success in Doha. The 2026 edition will be played from 16–21 February at the Khalifa International Tennis and Squash Complex. Travel Offers Qatar Stopover eVisa Map Log in or Sign up My Qatar My Deals & Offers My profile Personal Settings Preferences Sign out Close Visit Qatar Visit Qatar Visit Qatar Winter in Qatar Discover now Qatar International Food Festival Discover now Brouq events Discover now Explore the best of Qatar Discover now Qatar Stopover Experience Discover now Previous Next Winter in Qatar QIFF 2026 Brouq Events Best of Qatar Qatar Stopover Scroll down Trending now in Qatar Know the latest on Qatar's travel requirements, upcoming events and highlights of the capital city of Doha. 25N 51E Music Festival 25N 51E Music Festival returns this January with a new edition, bringing world-class electronic music to the 974 Stadium. Discover Sealine Season a unique desert festival with entertainment, activities, and coastal adventures. Discover Match for Hope 2026 Match for Hope brings together athletes and creators to support the education of out-of-school children. Discover Explore Qatar Calendar events Discover Qatar’s latest events, tailored to your interests and season. Discover AI Art Tour of Qatar Explore museums, public art, and heritage sites through a personalised AI-guided journey. Discover Concierge Services Enjoy the best of Qatar with expert concierge services that handle every detail of your trip. Discover Get inspired Find the perfect dose of travel inspiration to experience Qatar, uncovering a world of rich culture, stunning sights and more. Discover FIFA U-17 World Cup Qatar 2025™ Sealine event Match for hope 2026 Explore QC events AI Art Tour of Qatar CIRRO Inspire Previous Next Events to keep you at the edge of your seat Our events calendar is bursting with surprises, whatever your interest. And since everything is so close together, you don’t have to miss out at all! Events this week Events this weekend Other events Marmi 2026: The Qatar International Falcons and Hunting Festival Sabkhat Marmi In the heart of the desert, at Sabkhat Marmi in Sealine, the promise is renewed each year as the falconry community gathers for thrilling and competitive events that blend authentic tradition with precise modern regulations. Events Free View more 01 Jan To 24 Jan HH The Father Amir Prix Longines Outdoor Arena The HH The Father Amir Prix is the newest addition to the Doha Equestrian Tour, honoring the legacy of HH The Father Amir Sheikh Hamad Bin Khalifa Al Thani. Events View more 02 Jan To 31 Jan Baraha Cinema Barahat Msheireb - Msheireb Down Town Doha Open-air Baraha Cinema with gourmet bites, comfy seating, and playful activities for all ages. Art & Culture View more 24 Dec 25 To 03 Jan 26 Quest Winterfest: CandyLand Doha Quest A world bursting with color and flavor—family activities, winter treats, thrilling rides & more! Festival View more 19 Dec 25 To 10 Jan 26 Lantern Festival To be confirmed For the first time ever, Qatar lights up with the dazzling Lantern Festival — a spectacular celebration of light, color, and culture that promises an unforgettable experience for all! Free View more 27 Nov 25 To 28 Mar 26 Brouq 2026 Zekreet Brouq 2026 offers an exciting desert escape with glamping, dining, culture, and thrilling activities Art & Culture View more 26 Nov 25 To 17 Jan 26 Torba Market 2025/2026 Education City Torba Market returns every Friday and Saturday, offering fresh local goods, handcrafted treasures, and a vibrant, eco-conscious community experience. 💚 Lifestyle Free View more 15 Nov 25 To 28 Feb 26 Ennat Toyota Sealine Experience Ennat Toyota in Sealine—off-road driving with Toyota & Lexus SUVs on dunes and obstacles. Sports View more 08 Nov 25 To 31 Jan 26 See all events Marmi 2026: The Qatar International Falcons and Hunting Festival Sabkhat Marmi In the heart of the desert, at Sabkhat Marmi in Sealine, the promise is renewed each year as the falconry community gathers for thrilling and competitive events that blend authentic tradition with precise modern regulations. Events Free View more 01 Jan To 24 Jan HH The Father Amir Prix Longines Outdoor Arena The HH The Father Amir Prix is the newest addition to the Doha Equestrian Tour, honoring the legacy of HH The Father Amir Sheikh Hamad Bin Khalifa Al Thani. Events View more 02 Jan To 31 Jan Baraha Cinema Barahat Msheireb - Msheireb Down Town Doha Open-air Baraha Cinema with gourmet bites, comfy seating, and playful activities for all ages. Art & Culture View more 24 Dec 25 To 03 Jan 26 Quest Winterfest: CandyLand Doha Quest A world bursting with color and flavor—family activities, winter treats, thrilling rides & more! Festival View more 19 Dec 25 To 10 Jan 26 Lantern Festival To be confirmed For the first time ever, Qatar lights up with the dazzling Lantern Festival — a spectacular celebration of light, color, and culture that promises an unforgettable experience for all! Free View more 27 Nov 25 To 28 Mar 26 Brouq 2026 Zekreet Brouq 2026 offers an exciting desert escape with glamping, dining, culture, and thrilling activities Art & Culture View more 26 Nov 25 To 17 Jan 26 Torba Market 2025/2026 Education City Torba Market returns every Friday and Saturday, offering fresh local goods, handcrafted treasures, and a vibrant, eco-conscious community experience. 💚 Lifestyle Free View more 15 Nov 25 To 28 Feb 26 Ennat Toyota Sealine Experience Ennat Toyota in Sealine—off-road driving with Toyota & Lexus SUVs on dunes and obstacles. Sports View more 08 Nov 25 To 31 Jan 26 See all events Marmi 2026: The Qatar International Falcons and Hunting Festival Sabkhat Marmi In the heart of the desert, at Sabkhat Marmi in Sealine, the promise is renewed each year as the falconry community gathers for thrilling and competitive events that blend authentic tradition with precise modern regulations. Events Free View more 01 Jan To 24 Jan HH The Father Amir Prix Longines Outdoor Arena The HH The Father Amir Prix is the newest addition to the Doha Equestrian Tour, honoring the legacy of HH The Father Amir Sheikh Hamad Bin Khalifa Al Thani. Events View more 02 Jan To 31 Jan Ludovico Einaudi Concert Katara Amphitheatre Immerse yourself in a magical night with Ludovico Einaudi’s unforgettable live performance. Events View more 09 Jan Sealine Season Sealine Embark on an unforgettable desert adventure at Sealine Season—fun, culture, family excitement. View more 09 Jan To 30 Jan Qatar Plastica Conference 2026 - When Innovation Meets  Elegance Le Royal Méridien Doha Plastic surgeons unite to showcase visionary cosmetic advances, culminating in a gala dinner. Conference View more 14 Jan To 17 Jan Qatar International Food Festival 2026 974 stadium QIFF celebrates world flavors, culture & creativity with food zones, family fun & live cooking. Free View more 14 Jan To 24 Jan Sealine Nights: Modi Al Shamrani & Sultan Khalifa Concert Sealine Circuit Sports Club - Mawater Sealine Nights: Moudi Al Shamrani & Sultan Khalifa Concert Music View more 16 Jan DIMDEX 2026: Doha International Maritime Defence Exhibition & Conference Qatar National Convention Center A world-class exhibition for technology, maritime and defence industry capabilities. Conference View more 19 Jan To 22 Jan See all events Things to know before travelling Visas Want to travel visa-free? Check if you qualify here. Read more Getting here Planning your trip to Qatar? Check how to get here. Read more Travel tips Make the most of your visit with our handy travel guide. Read more Getting around From a dhow boat to our world-class metro, here’s how to easily explore Qatar. Read more VisitQatar Homepage Download our app Doha City Guidebook Latest edition Follow Facebook Instagram X YouTube TikTok WhatsApp Contact Contact us Media Centre Information Terms & conditions Privacy notice Corporate website Cookie policy Qatar Tourism brand logos Tenders Subscribe to our newsletter Cookie settings Welcome to Qatar Get your dose of travel inspiration straight to your inbox. Thank you for subscribing We’d love to know your interests to send personalized content. Email Subscribe By subscribing, you agree to our Privacy policy and Terms & Conditions . The site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service . I'm interested in: - Optional Art & culture Adventure & sports Family break Romantic getaway Spa & wellness Dining Beach holiday Shopping Subscribe Update Thank you for subscribing Thank you for subscribing! Your dose of travel inspiration will be delivered straight to your inbox. Stay tuned! Close © 2025 Qatar Tourism | All rights reserved