Vision of Humanity | Destination for Peace Search Subscribe Latest Articles Maps & Data Reports & Resources Future Trends Peace Academy Take the ETR QUIZ Opinion The Bondi Attack Shows the Fragility of Peace – and Why We Must Rebuild It The Bondi Beach terror attack shows the fragility of peace in an era of small-group radicalisation, online extremism, and widespread access to weapons, emphasising the urgent need to strengthen social cohesion, institutions, and the foundations of Positive Peace. Read more Global Peace Index 2025 Download Editorial December 17, 2025 Gun ownership and peacefulness: what the data tell us after Bondi Beach The terror attack on a Jewish celebration at Bondi Beach, inspired by ISIS and carried out by a father and son using legally-owned firearms, has... Conflict December 10, 2025 Conscription’s Return — Implications for Peace, Militarisation & Social Cohesion Once treated as a relic of the Cold War, military service is again being revised, expanded or re-imagined in response to a more insecure world since... Conflict December 3, 2025 Ethiopia and Eritrea: Understanding the Risk of Renewed Conflict Renewed escalation of tensions between Ethiopia and Eritrea have revived concerns that an already fragile peace in the region is under increasing... EVENTS UN System Briefing – ETR 2025 20 November 2025 | Briefing Trade for Peace: Publication Webinar 20 November 2025 | Webinar How well do you know global ecological threats? Test your knowledge of water security, conflict patterns, and climate resilience. Based on data from 172 countries. Take the Quiz DEVELOPMENT Read all Articles Gaza Peace Plan: The 14-Year Rehearsal Development September 24, 2025 Growing without prosperity: how Africa can turn a youth boom into wealth Development September 10, 2025 Despite gains in health and education, wealth gap widens between rich and poor Development June 27, 2025 Kenya converts refugee camps into municipalities in policy shift CONFLICT Read all Articles Conflict December 10, 2025 Conscription’s Return — Implications for Peace, Militarisation & Social Cohesion Once treated as a relic of the Cold War, military service is again being revised, expanded or... Conflict December 3, 2025 Ethiopia and Eritrea: Understanding the Risk of Renewed Conflict Renewed escalation of tensions between Ethiopia and Eritrea have revived concerns that an already... Analysis June 16, 2025 The world’s dependency on Taiwan’s semiconductor industry is increasing Despite its relatively small footprint in global trade, Taiwan holds an outsized role in the... Analysis May 30, 2025 Russia’s War Economy: Growth Built on Unsustainable Foundations Russia’s recent economic performance appears deceptively strong, however core indicators point to... ECOLOGICAL THREATS Read all Articles COP30 November 14, 2025 Brazil and the Amazon: 50 Years of Shifting Policy and Global Consequence For the past 50 years, Brazil’s management of the Amazon rainforest has been on a rollercoaster... COP30 November 7, 2025 Rising Ecological Threats in Northwestern Africa: Tunisia’s Worsening Water Crisis The rapid escalation of water risk in Tunisia, exacerbated by ageing infrastructure and prolonged... COP30 November 3, 2025 How India and Pakistan’s co-operation over water has avoided conflict India and Pakistan’s shared dependence on the Indus River has, for six decades, been governed by... COP30 October 29, 2025 Amazon Risks Rising from Ecological Threats The wider Amazon basin has become increasingly vulnerable to prolonged droughts and large-scale... Sign up for Future Trends Future Trends is the must-read weekly briefing covering the changing face of global politics, economics, development, social and conflict. Curated by the Institute for Economics & Peace, we deliver this email to your inbox every Tuesday. Sign up now ANALYSIS Read all Articles Election plans amid Myanmar's humanitarian crisis and ongoing conflict Analysis August 28, 2025 The Economic Impact of Violence in 2025 Analysis June 18, 2025 Technology and modern warfare: How drones and AI are transforming conflict Analysis June 18, 2025 Escalation hotspots: Where conflict risks are rising most rapidly ECONOMICS Read all Articles Business November 18, 2025 Collaborative Flourishing: How Positive Peace Principles Drive Business Success New research by Dr Michael Mascolo demonstrates that the Institute for Economics & Peace's eight... Economics October 31, 2025 Modelling the Economic Opportunity of Peace The Institute for Economics & Peace’s Business and Peace Report 2024 models how nations could... Business September 24, 2025 Economic Prosperity, Peace and Business Data in 5 Charts The relationship between the economic performance of a country and levels of peace can provide... Development September 24, 2025 Growing without prosperity: how Africa can turn a youth boom into wealth Africa’s growing young population has the potential to transform the continent’s economic... Take the IEP Peace Academy Acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to start your journey into peace. With access to a wealth of research and resources from the Institute for Economics & Peace, you will be well-equipped to make a meaningful impact in your community. Sign up now Get Started What is Positive Peace? Positive Peace Academy Global Peace News Ambassador Program Free Report Downloads Maps Global Peace Index Global Terrorism Index Ecological Threat Report Company About Us Events Support us Get In Touch Terms Privacy Policy Terms GDPR © 2025 Institute for Economics & Peace . All rights reserved. Never miss a report, event or news update. Subscribe to the Vision Of Humanity mailing list Email address * Which lists would you like to subscribe to? * Future Trends (Weekly) VOH Newsletter (Weekly) IEP & VOH Updates (Irregular) Consent * I understand this information will be used to contact me. * CAPTCHA GDPR Privacy Policy Privacy Policy