Visma | Champions of business software Who we are About us Connected by software – driven by people Become a Visma company Join our family of thriving SaaS companies Technology and AI at Visma Innovation with customer value at its heart Our sponsorship Team Visma | Lease a Bike Sustainability A better impact through software Contact us Find the right contact information What we offer Cloud software We create brilliant ways to work For medium businesses Lead your business with clarity For small businesses Start, run and grow with ease For public sector Empower efficient societies For accounting offices Build your dream accounting office For partners Help us keep customers ahead For investors For investors Latest results, news and strategy Financials Key figures, quarterly and annual results Events Financial calendar Governance Policies, management, board and owners Careers Careers at Visma Join the business software revolution Locations Find your nearest office Open positions Turn your passion into a career Resources News For small businesses Cloud accounting software built for small businesses Who we are About us Technology and AI at Visma Sustainability Become a Visma company Our sponsorship What we offer Cloud software For small businesses For accounting offices For enterprises Public sector For partners For investors Overview Financials Governance News and press Events Careers Careers at Visma Open positions Hubs Resources Blog Visma Developer Trust Centre News Press releases Team Visma | Lease a Bike Champions of business software Reach your full potential Visma delivers software that simplifies the work lives of entrepreneurs, businesses, and societies. Champions of business software Q3 Report 2025 Double-digit YTD growth and market expansion for Visma in Q3 Strong growth and continued focus on strategic core. View highlights News: Double-digit YTD growth and market expansion in Q3 Conta Azul joins Visma Visma enters the Brazilian market With the acquisition of Conta Azul, we mark our official entry into the Brazilian software market, reinforcing our commitment to delivering innovative, cloud-based solutions across Latin America. Read more News: Visma enters the Brazilian market “Entrepreneurs are a major source of innovation and job creation” Watch the clip with Merete Hverven, CEO of Visma We future-proof businesses 2.2 M customers in 28 countries run and grow on our market-leading cloud products. Small businesses Start, run, and grow with ease. Focus on the bigger picture and let our software do the rest. Read more Medium businesses Lead your business with clarity. Our ERP suites keep you ahead of your competition. Read more Public sector Free up time for the most important things with secure, compliant, and people-centric software. Read more Visma by the numbers 180+ companies 17,500 full-time employees 2.2 customers 3,070 total revenue LTM Numbers updated Q3 2025 Steady growth for over two decades Visma is a unique group of entrepreneurial companies that own their success, while getting support within technology, people, and business development from across the group. For investors View the latest information on our results, governance, and strategy. How we grow Technology Learn about our high security standards and vibrant software development culture, anchored in autonomous teams and continuous delivery. Read more Sustainability See how we tackle the social and environmental challenges in our industry. How we contribute Careers at Visma Come work with us Enjoy the best of both worlds: the feeling of a local startup and the perks of belonging to the largest cloud software community in Europe. Embrace the flavour and flexibility of the Scandinavian work culture, and come join us in your favourite location! Find your best fit Watch the interview of Steffen Torp Watch the full interview What's it really like to work at Visma? Watch the full film See the latest news Organisation Visma further strengthens its Board of Directors with two new appointments December 19, 2025 Insights Understanding Visma’s AI Transformation December 15, 2025 Software Tripletex reaches 150,000 customers November 9, 2025 Financials Q3 YTD update shows double-digit growth and market expansion for Visma October 30, 2025 Software Visma-company Taxy.io wins prestigious AI award October 9, 2025 M&A Visma expands its accounting and tax software offering in Italy with the acquisition of Alavie September 11, 2025 Go to newsroom Study The European small business and entrepreneurial landscape In collaboration with Kantar we have interviewed 2,000 entrepreneurs and business owners across Europe. Do you want to know what we found out? Download your free copy ‍ Visma Software International AS Organisation number: 980858073 MVA (Foretaksregisteret/The Register of Business Enterprises) ‍ Main office Karenslyst allé 56 0277 Oslo Norway ‍ ‍Postal address PO box 733, Skøyen 0214 Oslo Norway ‍ visma@visma.com Visma on LinkedIn ‍ Who we are About us Technology at Visma Sustainability Become a Visma company Our sponsorship Contact us What we offer For small businesses For accounting offices For medium businesses For public sector For partners e-invoicing Digital signature For investors Overview Financials Governance Events Careers Careers at Visma Open positions Hubs Resources Blog Trust Centre Community News Press ©️ 2025 Visma Privacy policy Cookie policy Whistleblowing Cookies settings Transparency Act Change country