Skip to main content
Microsoft
Visual Studio
Developer Tools Downloads Buy Subscriptions Visual Studio Hub Free Visual Studio
All Microsoft
Sign in to your account
Dream big. Achieve more. Visual Studio 2026.

Unleash your potential with the world’s most popular IDE for the professional developer.

Get free download
Explore all versions
Stay focused, move faster

From first keystroke to final deployment, Visual Studio empowers your developer journey so you can get more done.

Start coding

IntelliSense predicts your next move, delivering precise, context-aware suggestions to streamline your coding flow.

Elevate your code
Enhance with AI

Build momentum as Copilot delivers seamless assistance to tackle complex tasks and refine your project with ease.

Activate agent mode
Debug confidently

A best-in-class debugger helps you identify and fix issues early, keeping your code solid before it hits production.

Start debugging
Test seamlessly

Validate your code with integrated testing for fast iterations and higher quality as you approach the finish line.

Run tests
Deploy with CI/CD

Finish your path to production smoothly with Git and CI/CD managing repositories and automating deployments.

Integrate GitHub
Modern development, simplified

Built-in full-stack support ready for your next endeavor

.NET 10

Take full advantage of the latest version of .NET with first-class support across web, cloud, desktop, and AI workloads.

Explore more
C# 14

All the newest features in C# 14 are ready for you, so you can write clearer, faster, more expressive code with less effort.

Aspire

Get first-class support for Aspire. It’s now easier than ever to build cloud-native .NET apps with a great local dev experience.

Intelligent C# Apps

Build smarter C# apps with GitHub Copilot and Azure AI, fully integrated into your workflow in Visual Studio.

Gaming

Build immersive games with modern tools for Unity, Unreal, and C++, all backed by the power of Visual Studio.

Modern C++

Get the latest C++23 language features, STL updates, and cross-platform support, plus deep tooling integration.

Git and CI/CD

Streamline your entire pipeline with smarter Git tooling, GitHub Actions integration, and simplified DevOps workflows.

Built with Visual Studio

Where innovative ideas become breakthroughs

Discover more developer stories
Halo Studios builds the iconic Halo universe with native code in Visual Studio.
HP uses Visual Studio with Copilot to build and maintain large code bases across the company.
Real Madrid connects with 500 million passionate fans worldwide with digital sports platform.
General Motors reimagines the dev tool chain and onboarding experience with cloud-based developer services from Microsoft.

The Profiler Agent in Visual Studio immediately highlighted the bottlenecks and guided me to faster, cleaner performance — like having a built-in performance coach.

Roberto Perez, Senior Global Solutions Architect, Redis

Don’t just watch innovation happen; build it.
Download Visual Studio
Follow us
Dev Essentials
Developer Community
Blogs:
Visual Studio
.NET
C++
What's new
Surface Pro
Surface Laptop
Surface Laptop Studio 2
Copilot for organizations
Copilot for personal use
AI in Windows
Explore Microsoft products
Windows 11 apps
Microsoft Store
Account profile
Download Center
Microsoft Store support
Returns
Order tracking
Certified Refurbished
Microsoft Store Promise
Flexible Payments
Education
Microsoft in education
Devices for education
Microsoft Teams for Education
Microsoft 365 Education
How to buy for your school
Educator training and development
Deals for students and parents
AI for education
Business
Microsoft Cloud
Microsoft Security
Dynamics 365
Microsoft 365
Microsoft Power Platform
Microsoft Teams
Microsoft 365 Copilot
Small Business
Developer & IT
Azure
Microsoft Developer
Microsoft Learn
Support for AI marketplace apps
Microsoft Tech Community
Microsoft Marketplace
Marketplace Rewards
Visual Studio
Company
Careers
About Microsoft
Company news
Privacy at Microsoft
Investors
Diversity and inclusion
Accessibility
Sustainability
English
简体中文 (Chinese, Simplified)
繁體中文 (Chinese, Traditional)
Français
Deutsch
Italiano
日本語 (Japanese)
Русский (Russian)
Español
Čeština
한국어 (Korean)
polski
Português (Brasil)
Türkçe
Your Privacy Choices
Consumer Health Privacy
Contact us Privacy & cookies Terms of use Trademarks About our ads © Microsoft 2025