Vancouver Island University | Vancouver Island University | Canada Skip to main content Program search icon Search Menu About Programs Admissions & Aid Student Life Support VIU Research About About Get to know VIU. As a teaching university and a research university, we offer a unique experience to students. About VIU Why VIU About VIU President's Office Indigenous Education and Engagement Department Directory Governance, Administration and Planning Accreditation Careers Contact Us Why VIU? Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion Sustainability News Events Publications Explore where VIU is going The Strategic Plan builds on our commitment to diverse learners and draws on our connection to the community. Strategic Plan Programs Programs Explore a wide range of program offerings and learning services. Choose from degrees, vocational training, certificates and more. Find your program Learning Services Programs Learning at VIU Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Trades and Applied Technology Programs Academic and Career Preparation programs Professional and Life Long Learning Learning Services Advising Centre Upgrading support Library Talk to a recruiter Explore your options with one of our friendly recruiters. Online and in-person meetings available. Connect with a recruiter Admissions & Aid Admissions & Aid Discover how to apply to VIU and get more information about tuition and financial aid. Admissions Tuition and Aid Admissions VIU Admissions Transfer Admissions Mature Students and Adult Learner Admissions Events and Information Sessions Tuition and Aid VIU Tuition and Aid Scholarships, Awards & Bursaries Student Loans and Grants External Awards and Funding Tuition and Fees How to become a student Make your VIU application successful by following these steps to becoming a student. Steps to become a student Student Life Student Life Make the best of your time at VIU. Get involved in campus events and enjoy island adventures. Student Life Student Services Student Life VIU Mariners Athletics Get to Know Vancouver Island Recreation Co-Curricular Engagement Events Calendar Student Services and Support Experiential Learning Accessibility Services Learning Matters Campus Store Living On and Off Campus Food Services Health and Wellness Get ready for the new student orientation Attend in-person and online events, explore campus and connect with your professors and soon-to-be classmates! RockVIU Support VIU Support VIU Connect with other VIU alumni and learn about the impact of donor generosity at VIU. Give VIU Alumni Alumni VIU Alumni Benefits VIU Donors Giving to VIU VIU Foundation Student Success Stories Your support means so much to VIU students Our donors fund over 2000 scholarships, awards, and bursaries each year. Research Research Discover how VIU's interdisciplinary research is making a real-world impact. Research Research Centres and Institutes News and Events VIU Expert List Undergraduate Research Research and Creative Activity Explore the research highlights. Includes recent publications, ground-breaking studies and more. Research Reports Search VIU Search Search icon Apply to VIU Request Info Information for Future Students Current Students International Students Parents and Families Employees and Faculty Alumni Donors Quick links My Student Record Course Timetables VIULearn Library Parking Health and Wellness Centre Technology @ VIU Employee Portal Campuses Nanaimo (Main Campus) Cowichan tiwšɛmawtxʷ (Powell River) Vancouver Island University Discover a future with more At VIU, you connect with tomorrow's leaders, creators, keepers and makers. You harness the power of community to fuel your future with more: more job opportunities more impact on the world more earning potential Learn about a future with more Explore 100+ programs Whether you’re looking for the arts, sciences, trades or humanities, VIU has a program for you. Browse VIU programs Living on Vancouver Island BorderPass for international applicants Join us in January Jacob Tortorelli Bachelor of Kinesiology "The professors make you work for everything you get. But there was never a point in time where I felt my teachers didn't care." How to become a VIU student Discover your place at VIU Learning at VIU Follow your interests to find a program that’s right for you. Learning at VIU Admissions Find out what it takes to be a VIU student. Spoiler alert: we make it easy! Learn about admissions Student life Explore your opportunities to get involved at VIU. Learn about student life Leaders, creators, keepers and makers connect at VIU, nurturing a good life for generations to come. Visit VIU’s Nanaimo campus Experience VIU with all your senses during a campus tour. Take in the stunning ocean view and the surrounding forest. Explore all the campus has to offer with a student ambassador as your guide. Take a campus tour VIU News Rear-VIU Mirror: VIU’s top 10 news stories of 2025 From the world’s largest Nanaimo bar, to marmot research, to preparing Canada’s next generation of political leaders, it was another busy year in the media for… Alumni Spotlight: Joy Wilson Exploring her passion for global educationJoy Wilson’s path is evidence of the many places a teaching career can take you.  Over the past 15 years, she… Happy Holidays from Interim President Dr. Dennis Johnson Dear VIU community, As we reach the final days of the Fall Semester, I want to extend my warmest wishes to each of you for a festive and restorative… More news VIU Events Jan 6 VIU Student Spa Clinic The VIU Student Spa Clinic located on Vancouver Island University’s Nanaimo campus.  Our clinic is a teaching facility, where students enrolled in the… Jan 6 VIU Culinary Arts Info Session Join us for an exciting information session to learn more about the Culinary Arts at Vancouver Island University in Cowichan & Nanaimo, BC! Discover… Jan 13 VIU Student Spa Clinic The VIU Student Spa Clinic located on Vancouver Island University’s Nanaimo campus.  Our clinic is a teaching facility, where students enrolled in the… Jan 13 VIU Faculty of Education Graduate Programs - Info Session Are you wondering how to transform education or deepen your leadership practices? Faculty and students from VIU's Master of Education programs are here to… More events Brooks Gill Information Technology and Applied Systems "The experience you get at VIU is extremely valuable. The skills you walk out of here with prepare you for a successful career." How to become a VIU student phone-square phone-square icon Connect with Us! Phone or email us info-circle info-circle icon Events and Info Sessions View events pen-square pen-square icon Ready to join us at VIU? Start Your application facebook-square Facebook instagram Instagram youtube Youtube linkedin Linked-in bluesky Bluesky Vancouver Island University Nanaimo (Main Campus) 900 Fifth Street Nanaimo, BC V9R 5S5 Canada 250.753.3245 1.888.920.2221 Campus Map Parking Campuses Campuses Nanaimo (main campus) Cowichan tiwšɛmawtxʷ (Powell River) Footer Buttons Primary News Give to VIU Footer Buttons Secondary Events Media Careers The VIU community acknowledges and thanks the Snuneymuxw, Quw’utsun, Tla’amin, Snaw-naw-as and Qualicum First Nation on whose traditional lands we teach, learn, research, live and share knowledge. VIU terms menu Accreditation Terms Emergency Information Website Feedback copyright 2025 Vancouver Island University