Vivaldi community | Tech forum and blogging platform. Skip to content Community Community Vivaldi Social Blogs Forum Vivaldi Forum Categories Recent Popular Themes Vivaldi Themes Upload FAQ Contribute Contribute Volunteer Donate Browser Vivaldi Browser Latest News Snapshots Help Register Log in Join the Vivaldi Community Build connections with like-minded people and experts by being part of the Vivaldi Community. Access Vivaldi Social and Forum where you can get involved to discuss all things web or the internet, share tips, and exchange ideas and experiences. Join now Log in Come together on Vivaldi Social Follow anyone across the Fediverse and say goodbye to algorithms and intrusive ads. Experience real social media freedom with Vivaldi Social, our independent server on Mastodon. Visit Vivaldi Social What's On World Domination Tour – Ep. 03 Two Vivaldi employees, a car, and the vast Icelandic nature ahead of them. Will they manage to find any new users as they stroll through breathtaking black beaches and hike around waterfalls? Sounds fun, I want to watch! Non-stop browsing Get powerful built-in features like a Tracker and Ad Blocker with Vivaldi on mobile. You can also effortlessly sync open tabs, saved logins, and notes to your Vivaldi on desktop. Themes Give your Vivaldi browser a fresh look. Pick from hundreds of themes or create your own to share with the Community. Browse Themes Hot forum topics Join the latest discussions in the Vivaldi forum. Daily images, autohide toolbars & smarter tab tiling — Vivaldi Browser snapshot 3899.3 Desktop Snapshots Issue logging into Amazon - A notice to our users Vivaldi for Linux Vivaldi is the 3rd worst browser for privacy... Security & Privacy Force links to open in current tab not possible? Desktop Visit Forum Poll of the week Which team are you? Christmas doesn't mean anything to me, but I don't hate it (45%, 97 Votes) Team All I Want For Christmas is You (37%, 79 Votes) Team The Grinch (18%, 39 Votes) Total Voters: 215 Loading ... Contribute Like our company values? Support us in our mission and contribute to our growth. Get involved Donate Give a donation to help us keep building the most amazing browser. Donate Volunteer There are different ways volunteers can help and there’s always room for more at Vivaldi. Become a volunteer Vivaldi Tips Set up an auto-reply in Vivaldi Webmail. See full tip Follow us Vivaldi Social YouTube LinkedIn Telegram X Facebook Instagram Threads Bluesky TikTok Run by the community Reddit Discord Gear up with our merchandise Support us by getting a Vivaldi t-shirt, mug, water bottle, stickers and more. We deliver worldwide. Visit Store Vivaldi News Vivaldi 7.7 for Mobile: You Asked, We Delivered Vivaldi 7.7: less friction, more control Create your blog Start writing today and share your unique voice with the world. It's the perfect platform to express your passions, insights, and creativity. Join now Play Vivaldia Take a break from browsing and play the Vivaldia game available to play for free on our website and on Steam. Play Vivaldia Member kurai Hi! My name is Pavlo and I'm from Sloviansk, Donetsk region, Ukraine. I’ve been using Vivaldi since 2015 on Windows and Android. My top 5 Vivaldi features are: Mail Feed Reader Notes Speed Dial Sync What I love about Vivaldi Community is that it’s very friendly. Not a single user who came for help was left without attention from the Community. Interesting fact about me : I am very lazy (and who is not?), so I try to set up my work environment in such a way that I’m distracted by trifles as little as possible. Want to be featured here? Fill out this form . Powered by Vivaldi Privacy Policy | Code of conduct | Terms of use | About | Help | Status