vivenu | The New Era of Event Ticketing Industries Sports & Athletics Colleges & Universities, Professional Sports, Esports Festivals Music Festivals, Film Festivals, Food & Beverage Events Music & Entertainment Live Venues, Concerts, Clubs, Award Shows, Comedies Attractions Museums, Fairs, Tours, Exhibitions, Amusement Parks Conventions Summits, Trade shows, Comic Cons, B2B Conferences Performing Arts Theaters, Cultural Organizations, Nonprofits, Musicals Private Label Solutions All-in-one infrastructure for ticketing platforms Custom Solutions & Backbone API-first ticketing for builders and innovators Users Ticketing Teams For VPs of ticketing and teams Executives For CEOs, commercial directors and executives Marketers For CMOs, marketing teams and brand managers Digital Managers For CDOs and digital management teams Developers For CIOs, CTOs & tech teams Finance Teams For CFOs, tax and finance teams Data Analysts For analytics teams & data engineers Ecosystem APIs & SDKs Powerful APIs & SDKs to build custom experiences Partners Apps & integrations found in our marketplace Become a Partner Get your app listed on our marketplace Company About Us How we got our start & where we're headed Careers Learn about our team & our open positions Blog The latest news, best practices, & industry insights Success Stories Log In Get in touch Log In Get in touch Get in touch Make the Most of Your Ticketing vivenu is the most flexible and advanced ticketing platform.
It centers your brand, your sales, and your business needs. Get in touch Your visitors are looking for an experience. Not an ordeal. There’s no successful event without successful ticketing. That’s why vivenu is designed with both a range of business-boosting features and built-in convenience for your visitors. Get in touch What You Get Your Business. Center Stage. We give you full flexibility by taking white-label ticketing to a whole new level. Experience limitless customization options, adapt everything to your needs — and leave a lasting impression on your visitors. Design your visitor experience The spotlight stays on you. Our fully customizable white-label platform adapts to your brand resulting in a unified end-to-end experience for everyone. Optimize your day to day work We don’t just make your visitors’ lives easier, we make yours easier, too. vivenu is the simple solution that adapts to you in real time — and not the other way round. Increase your revenue Increase your on-site conversions from day one. Leverage powerful analytics tools and data-based insights to sharpen your marketing strategy, and peak your sales. Explore your possibilities Discover the power of an open API-based system and explore a constantly growing number of features and apps — to make the most of your ticketing. What We Offer You need flexibility. You get flexibility. We provide you with the tools to handle end-to-end ticketing operations the easy way. From a scalable, white-label online shop to powerful analytics tools and payment terminals. 360° Service Always by your side We provide a designated support team, experienced digital consultants, customer development and communities to level up your business. More about us API-first Technology A solution that adapts For the trailblazers: explore our custom solutions for tech-leading enterprises. With our powerful API and SDKs, everything can be adapted to your needs. More about custom solutions Level up your ticketing Our comprehensive ticketing solution lets enterprises sell tickets in the way they like. Boost your top line Gain deep insights into visitor behavior, optimize your offering in real time, and increase your online revenue by up to 23%. Be the main act Center your brand. Create your checkout flow the way you want it. Drive more ticket sales and build lasting brand recognition. Do it your way Fast, efficient, and endlessly adaptable. Easily integrate with any third-party software or build your own application with just a few lines of code. Sell tickets online or at the door The ultimate suite of tools: from reserved seating to general admission, our intuitive ticketing system has you covered. The right solution for your industry We are the most flexible and complete platform for your needs. Sports Professional teams, college athletics, esports, and more. Music & Entertainment Venues, clubs, award shows, concerts, and beyond. Festivals Music festivals, film, food & beverages events, and more. Performing Arts Theaters, cultural orgs, musicals, and others. Attractions Museums, fairs, tours, exhibitions, parks, and more. Conventions B2B conferences, summits, comic cons, and beyond. Custom Solutions Build your own powerful ticketing system on top of our API-first platform. Your Global Ticketing Partner Join the world of flexible ticketing We make the most of ticketing for ambitious event organisers around the world. Are you in? Get in touch 1 0 0 0 + Leading organizers use us 99. 9 9 % Historic API-Uptime 5 0 0 0 0 + Events ticketed per year 5 0 + Countries served vivenu empowers organizers around the world to gain full autonomy over their ticketing experience and customer data. Our advanced platform gives organizers more freedom to build the customer journeys they want to leverage ticketing as their most important business asset. Industries Sports & Athletics Festivals Music & Entertainment Attractions Conventions Performing Arts Platform as a Service Custom Solutions Users Ticketing Teams Executives Marketers Digital Managers Developers Finance Teams Data Analysts Ecosystem APIs & SDKs Partners Become a Partner System Status Security Company About Us Careers Blog Success Stories Contact Us Newsletter Imprint Privacy Policy Accessibility © 2026 vivenu. All rights
                  reserved. Cookie Manager We use technology on our website to personalize content, customize and measure advertising, and analyze website traffic. By clicking OK, you agree to the use of these technologies in their entirety. Learn more in our Privacy Policy . Settings Okay English