End of Year Sales on Vivint®️ Home Security | 855.832.1550 Skip to main content Report Identity Theft › Show mobile menu Vivint Logo Packages Home Security Systems Security Cameras Smart Home Products SECURITY CAMERAS All Security Cameras Outdoor Camera Doorbell Camera Indoor Camera Pro Spotlight Pro Playback DVR SENSORS All Security Sensors Door & Window Sensors Motion Sensor Glass Break Sensor SAFETY ALARMS All Safety Alarms Smoke & CO Detector Water Sensor SMART CONTROL All Smart Controls Smart Hub Vivint App Keypad Works With Vivint Smart Thermostat Smart Plug Smart Locks Garage Door Control Services Security Services Services Professional Installation 24/7 Monitoring Other Services Vivint for Business Senior Alert Systems Plans & Pricing Resources The Vivint Difference Vivint Blog Reviews Videos Vivint Gives Back About Us Newsroom Security Cameras How Many Cameras Do I Need? Are Doorbell Cameras Worth It? Outdoor Security Camera ROI Are Security Cameras Enough? The Best Security Cameras Security Cameras that Whistle Home Security Is Home Security Effective? Is Monitored Security Worth It? Is Vivint Worth It? Types of Home Security Systems When Does Crime Occur Most? Debunking Home Security Myths Smart Guides Security Camera Buying Guide All About Pro Installation Home Security Automation Guide Guide to Security System Costs Essential Home Security Devices Cutting Costs with a Smart Home Login Account View Account Upgrade My System Log Out GET PEACE OF MIND TODAY 844.481.8630 Packages Home Security Systems Security Cameras Smart Home Products SECURITY CAMERAS All Security Cameras Outdoor Camera Doorbell Camera Indoor Camera Pro Spotlight Pro Playback DVR SENSORS All Security Sensors Door & Window Sensors Motion Sensor Glass Break Sensor SAFETY ALARMS All Safety Alarms Smoke & CO Detector Water Sensor SMART CONTROL All Smart Controls Smart Hub Vivint App Keypad Works With Vivint Smart Thermostat Smart Plug Smart Locks Garage Door Control Services Security Services Services Professional Installation 24/7 Monitoring Other Services Vivint for Business Senior Alert Systems Plans & Pricing Resources The Vivint Difference Vivint Blog Reviews Videos Vivint Gives Back About Us Newsroom Security Cameras How Many Cameras Do I Need? Are Doorbell Cameras Worth It? Outdoor Security Camera ROI Are Security Cameras Enough? The Best Security Cameras Security Cameras that Whistle Home Security Is Home Security Effective? Is Monitored Security Worth It? Is Vivint Worth It? Types of Home Security Systems When Does Crime Occur Most? Debunking Home Security Myths Smart Guides Security Camera Buying Guide All About Pro Installation Home Security Automation Guide Guide to Security System Costs Essential Home Security Devices Cutting Costs with a Smart Home Login Account View Account Upgrade My System Log Out GET PEACE OF MIND TODAY 844.481.8630 This browser does not support the HTML5 video element. Vivint security America’s most trusted smart home security system Stop worrying. Start living. Vivint gives you the best smart home security system on the market customized for your home, your life, and your peace of mind. CALL NOW TO CUSTOMIZE YOUR SYSTEM 844.481.8630 This browser does not support the HTML5 video element. Vivint security America’s most trusted smart home security system Find peace of mind with a Vivint smart home security system that’s custom-built for your unique home. CALL NOW TO CUSTOMIZE YOUR SYSTEM 844.481.8630 Watch video Watch video Free Professional Installation No Long-Term Contract* 30-Day Money Back Guarantee* View Security Systems View Security Systems *See offer details *Offer Details Qualifying system purchase requires minimum $599.99 expenditure on equipment after all discounts have been applied, professional installation, and execution of Vivint monitoring services agreement. Click here for monthly service plan prices. HomeProtect system purchases and reactivations of previously-installed systems not eligible for offer. Offer not available in all states or provinces. Equipment purchase may be financed separately subject to an agreement with one of Vivint's third-party financing partners. Monthly $1.48 cellular network maintenance fee applies. Taxes and local permit fees may apply. Third-Party Financing Options Available Financing eligibility and terms subject to credit approval by one of Vivint's third-party financing partners. Qualified customers may finance equipment purchase at 0% APR for up to 60 months. Month-to-month service agreement available when equipment is purchased upfront. Vivint Systems & Services System supports up to six cameras subject to sufficient WiFi speeds. Without a Vivint services plan, product and system functionality is limited (including loss of remote connectivity). Speak to a Vivint representative at the phone number in this offer for complete equipment, services, and package details, including pricing and financing details. Products and services in Louisiana provided by Vivint Louisiana Commercial Certificate #58280. See Vivint license numbers here . Offer Details *Free Professional Installation is a promotional offer and applies to new systems purchased online *The 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee is a promotional offer and applies to new systems purchased online. *Month-to-month service with no required term length applies to new systems purchased online. Call 844.481.8630 now to get a free quote Ready to turn your home into a smart home? Call now to get started or fill out the form. Leave this field blank First and Last name Phone Email By clicking "Start Your Quote", you agree by electronic signature to: 1. The Electronic Disclosure Consent ; 2. Receive recurring marketing communications from Vivint at the telephone number and email address you provide on this form, including autodialed calls, texts, and prerecorded messages (consent not required to make a purchase; reply “STOP” to opt-out of texts or “HELP” for help); and 3. Vivint's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . Start Your Quote Get a free quote today. A Vivint Smart Home Pro will contact you within 24 hours. Or skip the form and call now: 844.481.8630 . Leave this field blank First and Last name Phone Email By clicking "Start Your Quote", you agree by electronic signature to: 1. The Electronic Disclosure Consent ; 2. Receive recurring marketing communications from Vivint at the telephone number and email address you provide on this form, including autodialed calls, texts, and prerecorded messages (consent not required to make a purchase; reply “STOP” to opt-out of texts or “HELP” for help); and 3. Vivint's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . Start Your Quote Vivint is for you Trusted by experts. Chosen by millions. Smarter Security A completely-connected system keeps your home locked down and trouble far away. Smarter Energy Automatically control lights, climate, and more without lifting a finger. Smarter Home Take control with smart locks, garage access, and custom routines that simplify your life. HOME SECURITY The most intelligent crime deterrent in home security Every Vivint home security system features our exclusive Smart Deter technology, engineered to intelligently identify and deter real threats, using light and sound to scare away lurkers before they become burglars. 844.481.8630 Home alarm systems Home alarm systems Flexible payment options Get the protection you need with financing and payment plans that work for you. 24/7 monitoring Around-the-clock professional monitoring ensures your home stays protected, even when you’re away. Professional installation Our experts handle setup and optimization, so your system works flawlessly from day one. Customizable smart home packages Build a system that fits your home and lifestyle with security, automation, and monitoring tailored to your needs. Our commitment Guaranteed good—or we make it right We guarantee our products for up to four months after installation or shipment date. If phone troubleshooting doesn’t solve the issue, we’ll repair, replace, or refund defective products during that time.* *See the terms and conditions of your Vivint customer agreement for full details. "Best Overall Home Security System of 2024" "ENERGY STAR®️ certified" "PCMag Editors' Choice: Best for Professional Home Monitoring" "The best smart home system I’ve ever tested" "Best Professionally Installed Home Security Systems of 2025" "Best Buildable Home Security System 2025" "Best Smart Home Security With 24/7 Monitoring" "Best All-In-One Home Security System 2025" This browser does not support the HTML5 video element. We stop what others merely record Video Play Button Video Play Button SMART HOME Control everything. Miss nothing. With the Vivint app, you run the show. Control your lights, locks, climate, and porch view, from anywhere and any time. That’s real smart security. 844.481.8630 Home automation systems Home automation systems VIVINT DOORBELL CAMERA PRO The smartest doorbell on the block—literally Vivint goes all in with the largest view on the market, Smart Deter, and a louder speaker that sends porch pirates running. That’s protection perfected. How to buy How to buy Doorbell Camera Pro Doorbell Camera Pro Everything works together Combine products for a safer home Protect your perimeter Outdoor Camera Pro Stop package theft Doorbell Camera Pro Lock up automatically Smart locks Convenient home control Smart home control Check in on your home Indoor Camera Monitor doors and windows Security sensors Control the garage from anywhere Garage door control Smart temperature control Thermostat Protect against disasters Safety alarms Call 844.481.8630 now to get a free quote PROFESSIONAL INSTALLATION You don’t lift a finger. We don’t miss a detail. Wave goodbye to DIY. Our Smart Home Pros handle everything from installation to showing you the ropes. And with 24/7 monitoring, real help is always just seconds away. How do I start? How do I start? Call 844.481.8630 now to get a free quote Ready to turn your home into a smart home? Call now to get started or fill out the form. Leave this field blank First and Last name Phone Email By clicking "Start Your Quote", you agree by electronic signature to: 1. The Electronic Disclosure Consent ; 2. Receive recurring marketing communications from Vivint at the telephone number and email address you provide on this form, including autodialed calls, texts, and prerecorded messages (consent not required to make a purchase; reply “STOP” to opt-out of texts or “HELP” for help); and 3. Vivint's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . Start Your Quote December Highlights From festive doorbell chimes to Grinch-like porch visits, Vivint prevented holiday trouble. See how homes stayed safe all season long. *Offer Details Expires March 31, 2025. Qualifying system purchase requires minimum $599.99 expenditure on equipment after all discounts have been applied, professional installation, and execution of Vivint monitoring services agreement. Click here for monthly service plan prices. HomeProtect system purchases and reactivations of previously-installed systems not eligible for offer. Offer not available in all states or provinces. Equipment purchase may be financed separately subject to an agreement with one of Vivint's third-party financing partners. Monthly $1.48 cellular network maintenance fee applies. Taxes and local permit fees may apply. Third-Party Financing Options Available Financing eligibility and terms subject to credit approval by one of Vivint's third-party financing partners. Qualified customers may finance equipment purchase at 0% APR for up to 60 months. Month-to-month service agreement available when equipment is purchased upfront. Vivint Systems & Services System supports up to six cameras subject to sufficient WiFi speeds. Without a Vivint services plan, product and system functionality is limited (including loss of remote connectivity). Speak to a Vivint representative at the phone number in this offer for complete equipment, services, and package details, including pricing and financing details. Products and services in Louisiana provided by Vivint Louisiana Commercial Certificate #58280. See Vivint license numbers here . *Offer Details Qualifying system purchase requires minimum $599.99 expenditure on equipment after all discounts have been applied, professional installation, and execution of Vivint monitoring services agreement. Click here for monthly service plan prices. HomeProtect system purchases and reactivations of previously-installed systems not eligible for offer. Offer not available in all states or provinces. Equipment purchase may be financed separately subject to an agreement with one of Vivint's third-party financing partners. Monthly $1.48 cellular network maintenance fee applies. Taxes and local permit fees may apply. Third-Party Financing Options Available Financing eligibility and terms subject to credit approval by one of Vivint's third-party financing partners. Qualified customers may finance equipment purchase at 0% APR for up to 60 months. Month-to-month service agreement available when equipment is purchased upfront. Vivint Systems & Services System supports up to six cameras subject to sufficient WiFi speeds. Without a Vivint services plan, product and system functionality is limited (including loss of remote connectivity). Speak to a Vivint representative at the phone number in this offer for complete equipment, services, and package details, including pricing and financing details. Products and services in Louisiana provided by Vivint Louisiana Commercial Certificate #58280. See Vivint license numbers here . Professional Installation $199 FREE Hassle-free installation In-person system training Guaranteed compatibility Ongoing support and troubleshooting Expert setup and configuration Real-time customization No guesswork. No DIY. Our pros install and optimize your system so it works exactly as it should. We’ll walk you through your system and app, so you’re confident using it from day one. We ensure every device in your Vivint system connects and works seamlessly together. We test every device and back you up with expert support long after install. Don’t lift a finger. Just schedule professional installation when it’s convenient for you. Not sure what you need? We’ll help tailor your setup on install day with any added products. All Vivint security system purchases include professional installation Pay at your own pace, from 0% interest We offer flexible financing options based on your order size, with terms up to 36 months at 0% interest . Checking your eligibility will not impact your credit score . Pay in 4 - available on any order 12 months@ 0% -$299+ 18 months@ 0% -$599+ 24 months@ 0% -$999+ 36 months @ 0% -$1,499+ Vivint 24/7 Professional Monitoring Starting at $44.99/ mo Alarm event monitoring Emergency response coordination Immediate threat detection Instant smart notifications Always-on protection False alarm management Whether it’s a break-in or fire, we respond to every critical alarm type—so you’re always covered. When seconds count, talk to us right through the panel—we’ll dispatch first responders for you. Smoke, motion, glass break—whatever the danger, it’s detected instantly for quick action. Get real-time alerts on your phone or Smart Hub so you stay informed and in control. We’re always on—and your system always works with built-in cellular and 24-hr. battery. Cancel false alarms quickly from your phone or panel while we verify and keep you covered. All Vivint security system purchases include required 24/7 monitoring Products and Services Home Security Systems Security Cameras Doorbell Cameras Outdoor Camera Pro Smart Home Automation Resources Vivint Blog Partners Vivint Louisiana Vivint Dealers Reliant NRG Company About Vivint Reviews Store Locations Newsroom Careers Vivint Gives Back Customer Stories Investor Relations Support Support Contact Us Moving Your System Military Families Verify Rep Manage Cookies Financing Get Vivint Plans & Pricing Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Legal Product Recall Vivint Licenses Website Terms  of Use Professional Installation and $0 Activation Pro Install and $0 Activation 844.481.8630 844.481.8630 Verify a Smart Home Pro Report Identity Theft Report a scam Verify a Smart Home Pro Report Identity Theft Report a scam facebook X instagram youtube pinterest linkedin Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Legal Product Recall Vivint Licenses Website Terms  of Use Copyright © 2025 Vivint, LLC. All rights reserved. Do not sell or share my personal information. click to visit the onetrust.com website (opens in a new tab) Limit the use of my sensitive personal information. click to visit the onetrust.com website in order to notify us about personal information (opens in a new tab)