Vivox: In-Game Voice Chat App Software | Unity Games Industry Resources Community Learning Support Development Unity Engine Build 2D and 3D games for any platform Download Plans and pricing Monetization In-App Purchase (IAP) Discover and manage IAP across stores Mediation Maximize revenue and optimize monetization Ad Quality Protect your app’s user experience Tapjoy Build long-term user loyalty All monetization products User acquisition User acquisition Get discovered and acquire mobile users Unity Vector AI Connect players with the right games Aura on-device advertising Reach users on-device at peak engagement All growth products Use cases 3D collaboration Build and review 3D projects in real time Immersive training Train in immersive environments Customer experiences Create interactive 3D experiences All industry solutions Industries Manufacturing Achieve operational excellence Retail Transform in-store experiences into online ones Automotive Elevate innovation and in-car experiences All industries Technical library Documentation Official user manuals and API references Developer tools Release versions and issue tracker Roadmap Review upcoming features Glossary Library of technical terms Insights Case studies Real-world success stories Best practice guides Expert tips and tricks All resources What's new Blog Updates, information, and technical tips News News, stories, and press center Community Hub Discussions Discuss, problem-solve, and connect Events Global and local events Community stories Made with Unity Showcasing Unity creators Livestreams Join devs, creators, and insiders Unity Awards Celebrating Unity creators worldwide For every level Unity Learn Master Unity skills for free Professional training Level up your team with Unity trainers New to Unity Getting started Kickstart your learning Unity Essential Pathways New to Unity? Start your journey How-to Guides Actionable tips and best practices Education For students Kickstart your career For educators Supercharge your teaching Education Grant License Bring Unity’s power to your institution Certifications Prove your Unity mastery Support options Get help Helping you succeed with Unity Success plans Reach your goals faster with expert support FAQ Answers to common questions Contact us Connect with our team Plans and pricing Vivox voice chat Build communities with a scalable and cost-friendly communication solution that connects your players across distance and platform divides. Get started Documentation Overview Features Related Products Resources FAQ Get started This content is hosted by a third party provider that does not allow video views without acceptance of Targeting Cookies. Please set your cookie preferences for Targeting Cookies to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Cookie settings Build a vibrant player community Over half of multiplayer gamers want to chat with their teammates. Vivox Voice Chat enables better cooperative and competitive multiplayer experiences by letting your players communicate. Bring chat to your game, no matter the engine Whether your game is built on Unity, Unreal, or another game engine, you can integrate player communications in less than two days and scale to any number of players. Unity documentation Unreal documentation Unlock cross-play friendly communication If your game supports cross-platform play, Vivox Voice Chat lets your players talk in-game, no matter which platform they’re playing on. Technical features 3D positional voice chat Make truly immersive worlds with Vivox like Zenith: The Last City using 3D positional channels that factor in player position and orientation. Learn more 2D voice chat Leverage 2D walkie talkie-style channels like Rainbow Six Siege for teammates to communicate in their gaming sessions no matter where they are on the map. Learn more Text chat Empower players with another way to connect through integrated group chat and direct text messaging. Learn more Player controls Give players control over their gaming experience with muting , volume management, and more to suit their gaming habits. Learn more Accessibility Keep your game engaging for more players with key accessibility features like Speech-to-Text and Text-to-Speech. Learn more SDKs for any engine Leverage the Core SDK for custom engines or wrapped SDKs with direct support for the Unity and Unreal engines. Resources Introducing Community Solutions to manage toxicity in gaming Learn more about Unity Community Solutions – a suite of products designed to strengthen player connections, enhance safety, and enrich the social gaming experience. Read more Building Blocks Unity Building Blocks quickly add functional features like Vivox to your project. Each block includes assets and scripts demonstrating how combined features work together to achieve a specific outcome efficiently. Learn more How Valorant connects player with Voice Chat (Vivox) Read how a AAA studio with a massively popular game ensures reliable, immersive player communication. Read the case study Build a vibrant community for your game Great in-game comms are vital to improving retention and building a thriving community for your game. Sign up today to accelerate your speed to market and take advantage of AAA-proven services for your game. Get started Contact us Frequently asked questions about Vivox Voice Chat Can Vivox be used only with the Unity engine? + No, Vivox is engine agnostic, which means it can be used with Unity, Unreal, and other game engines. Vivox can also be integrated with custom engines using the Unity Core SDK. What gaming platforms does Vivox work with? + Vivox works with all of the major platforms, including Xbox, PlayStation, PC, Android, and iOS, and more. How much does Vivox cost? + For indie developers, Vivox is free for up to 5,000 peak concurrent users (PCUs). For enterprise-tier development, please contact us for pricing. How long does it take to integrate Vivox? + Integration time varies depending on your infrastructure, but the average integration takes two days with the help of our documentation and SDKs. How do I get started with Vivox? + Start for free with Unity Gaming Services by creating an account or signing in with your Unity account. If you are interested in Enterprise services and pricing, get in touch to speak to a member of our team. Contact us . Does Vivox support accessibility? + Yes. Vivox offers tools and features such as speech-to-text and text-to-speech technology to help developers comply with regulations, including the Twenty-First Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act (CVAA). Language English Deutsch 日本語 Français Português 中文 Español Русский 한국어 Social Currency BRL CNY JPY KRW USD EUR USD Purchase Products Unity Ads Subscription Unity Asset Store Resellers Education Students Educators Institutions Certification Learn Skills Development Program Download Unity Hub Download Archive Beta Program Unity Labs Labs Publications Resources Learn platform Community Documentation Unity QA FAQ Services Status Case Studies Made with Unity Unity Our Company Newsletter Blog Events Careers Help Press Partners Investors Affiliates Security Social Impact Inclusion & Diversity Contact us Copyright © 2025 Unity Technologies Legal Privacy Policy Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information "Unity", Unity logos, and other Unity trademarks are trademarks or registered trademarks of Unity Technologies or its affiliates in the U.S. and elsewhere ( more info here ). Other names or brands are trademarks of their respective owners.