Vizard.ai | AI Video Editing and Clipping Tool We're sorry but Vizard - Repurpose Video Content with Minimal Efforts doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue. Remove bad takes New Our AI Use cases Marketers Power your team to create videos at scale Social media marketer Content marketer Performance marketer Event marketer Creators Building social presence made easy Podcaster Coach Consultant Agency Scale video production with ease Agency Tools Resources Blog Roadmap Help center Video tutorials Join Discord Knowledge Base Pricing API SIGN IN SIGN UP for free Turn your long video into viral clips with AI magic Vizard uses AI to turn your long-form videos into short clips ready for channels like TikTok, Instagram, YouTube Shorts, and more. new Introducing remove bad takes Try it free. No sign up needed Get clips for free or Upload Trusted by 10 million+ creators & businesses 4.8 4.9 4.9 4.9 SOCIAL-READY CLIPS WITH AI Turn long video into 30+ clips, in one click. Course @GenfinityMedia TV Show @oscarsamayoar Interview @sandroforte News @wallstreetonline Coach @neurospicyastrology Podcast @sometherapist Course @GenfinityMedia TV Show @oscarsamayoar Interview @sandroforte News @wallstreetonline Coach @neurospicyastrology Podcast @sometherapist Get clips for free Who we help Built for everyone, every team Vizard for creator & podcaster Clip long-form videos and 10x your viewership with zero effort. Vizard for coach & business owners Clip webinar, client calls and interviews to build your personal brand. Vizard for marketers Turn one webinar into a month worth of social media content. Supercharge your marketing team. Vizard for agency and freelancer Increase your output tenfold at a fraction of the cost. Let Vizard be your editing co-pilot. GET CLIPS FOR FREE Teams We Serve Introducing Teams for Collaboration Team Workspace, built for every team Introducing Vizard.ai's Team Workspace: Revolutionizing collaboration with a centralized hub, allowing leaders to invite members for seamless project management, real-time viewing, and sharing previews with clients or external team members. Invite Members What makes vizard different? AI features that actually work AI Clipping Let AI find highlights and reframe for TikTok, Reels and Shorts Vizard automatically identify engaging moments, cut them with one click, and center key subjects in vertical format, no manual resizing needed. 01 AI Clipping Let AI find highlights and reframe for TikTok, Reels and Shorts Vizard automatically identify engaging moments, cut them with one click, and center key subjects in vertical format, no manual resizing needed. 01 how vizard works From raw footage to social-ready clips, a workflow that just works Upload and transcribe Vizard transcribes your video, cuts out speakers, and processing your videos with our proprietary AI. Get clips for free Click “Get AI clips” Sit back as Vizard generates fully-designed video clips for TikTok, YouTube, Instagram or any platform of your choice. Get clips for free Publish and share Download, share as links or publish directly from Vizard. Voila - your work is done! Get clips for free vizard Editor Plus, an easy-to-use video editor for full creative control Edit with AI or manually, all up to you. Edit by text Trim videos by deleting the corresponding video transcription. Edit videos as easy as a doc. Caption translation Translate your captions to over 100 languages and reach your audience globally. Change ratio One click to resize and make your videos fit different social platform instantly. Timeline editing Fine-tune text-based edits by timeline down to seconds-level with our intuitive timeline-editor. Brand template Leverage templated designed by Vizard or save one of your own. Make your videos always stay on brand. Link share Share your videos as a link and collaborate with teams effortlessly. Get clips for free FASTER, CHEAPER, BETTER What creators say about Vizard 90% Cheaper than hiring an editor Carlee Myers Stress Management Coach @Vizard has made editing financially more accessible for me. Previously, I would hire freelancers for the task, costing around $400 to create 10 clips. Now, it offers both time and money savings. 10x Faster than manual clipping Jasmin P. Co-founder, Coach, Facilitator @Vizard makes it so easy to keep creating content! As an entrepreneur, I need to constantly showcase what I’m up to and what I can offer. I love that I can plug in workshop videos, and it quickly creates bite-sized clips ready to post. A huge time saver! 100% No manual tweaks needed Jeff S. Co-Host, Entertainment I was surprised as most AI tools create weak content, but @Vizard turned over an hour of footage into solid, shareable posts. Easy to use, fully featured, and delivers exactly as expected. 5x Increase in views AddictiveLabs Creator@AddictiveLabs I’ve noticed quite a bit of a difference since starting @Vizard . I've jumped in subscribers. Now I average about 50,000 to 60,000 views a day. That’s a huge growth from zero views. The videos with high vitality score do very well so everything that the editor is telling me has turned out to be true so far. 80% Time saved in content creation Rasha E. Success Trainer, International Speaker and High Performance Mentor @Vizard is incredibly intuitive and has saved me hours of editing - one click generates reels that are easy to refine. Plus, their customer support connects you with real humans, a rare and valuable touch! Gilberto V. Graphic Designer, Broadcast Media @Vizard has streamlined my workflow by solving direct editing problems and freeing up my time. The user-friendly interface makes editing text and exporting effortless. Sam U. Coach, Professional Training & Coaching @Vizard makes content creation easier with its speed, versatility, and seamless format switching. The generous time credits and quick uploads to multiple platforms are a huge plus! Igor M. Video Editor, Entertainment Great AI with a user-friendly design and smooth workflow. I love being able to process large amounts of video into reels, and the generous processing time outshines similar tools. Sean S. Director of Business Development With zero experience, I was able to create great content effortlessly. Gen Zers like me can truly benefit from this app and level up their skills! Nicolan L. Blogger and Content Creator, Entertainment @Vizard has completely transformed my video editing. It is powerful, reliable, and incredibly easy to use. I can’t imagine working without it. Highly recommend! Get started for free GET CLIPS FOR FREE GET CLIPS FOR FREE Get the iOS App Tools API AI podcast clip generator AI video editor AI video generator Auto subtitle generator Auto video editor Instagram video editor TikTok video editor Video translator YouTube clip maker YouTube shorts maker Transcribe Audio to Text All tools Who we help Social media marketer Content marketer Performance marketer Event marketer Podcaster Coach Consultant Agency Blog All You Need to Know about LinkedIn’s New Short-Form Video Beta Feature How to Start a Podcast on YouTube: 10 Easy and Effective Strategies YouTube Shorts Hashtags: everything you need to know (2024 updated) Ultimate Guide to Create YouTube Clips TikTok Tips to Maximize Your Success (2024 Guide) Mastering Social Media Growth: How SEO Can Unlock Rapid Success Across Platforms 6 Essential Tips to Grow Your Podcast Audience: A New Podcaster’s Guide Resources Blog Knowledge Base Video tutorials Help center Vizard vs Opus Vizard vs Capcut Vizard vs Vidyo Vizard vs Getmunch Vizard vs Captions Vizard vs Submagic Vizard vs Veed Company About Contact us Affiliate Roadmap © Vizard, Corp. All rights reserved Terms of service Privacy policy Cookie policy Google API services usage disclosure Sitemap 🍪 This website uses cookies. Learn more Accept