SGD
+65 6018 3544
Help?
Reseller & Affiliates
Sign Up / Log in
Domains
Hosting
Servers
NEW
Website
Online Marketing
Security
Email
NEW
Packages

$56.85

$38.53

$56.85

$38.53

$xx.xx

 __.__

/1st year

SEARCH

Complete Digital Marketing toolkit

 

Grow online with Online Marketing Hub — the all-in-one place for all your digital marketing tools: Traffic Booster, Business Directory, Simple SEO, and Managed SEO.

 

GET STARTED WITH OMH
Efficiency redefined - your hosting, upgraded!

 

Elevate your online presence with our cutting-edge new VPS Hosting. Experience efficiency like never before, with the flexibility to grow. Your next big step starts here!

 

GET A FREE CONSULTATION
Experience the fastest Web Hosting

 

Get your website started with our enterprise-level hosting plans. Enjoy faster load times, 24/7 site monitoring, and access to a wide range of hosting applications.

 

CHOOSE A PLAN
Complete Digital Marketing toolkit

 

Grow online with Online Marketing Hub — the all-in-one place for all your digital marketing tools: Traffic Booster, Business Directory, Simple SEO, and Managed SEO.

 

GET STARTED WITH OMH
Efficiency redefined - your hosting, upgraded!

 

Elevate your online presence with our cutting-edge new VPS Hosting. Experience efficiency like never before, with the flexibility to grow. Your next big step starts here!

 

GET A FREE CONSULTATION

Power up with Business Web Hosting

Achieve maximum online growth for your business website with Business Hosting’s ultra-speed, enhanced resources, and advanced security with FREE SSL Certificate and Site Protection.

UPGRADE TO BIZHOST

Go Local with a .SG domain

Showcase your Singaporean identity with a .SG domain name and boost local trust. Take your website to the next level with a domain that speaks directly to your target audience.

SECURE YOUR .SG

Your Ideal Website Built by the Pros

Our in-house team of Web Design experts has the tools and expertise to bring your website ideas to life. Get started and book a FREE consultation with our team today.

SCHEDULE FREE CONSULTATION

Loved by our users. Recognised by the industry.

Customer satisfaction score

Trust us with their website

“Vodien consulted with us to help us grow our IT infrastructure. Their support helped us manage over millions of dollars in transactions per year.”

— Sam Lim

Watch Mummys Market's online success story, powered by Vodien.

“Our company's growth relies on our customers discovering us through our online presence”

 — Simon Yap

Watch Oasis Web Asia's online success story, powered by Vodien.

“Students who didn't know about our company get to know us through Google by coming to our website.”

 — Jia Jun Chan

Watch Legacy Dance Co.'s online success story, powered by Vodien.

“Vodien consulted with us to help us grow our IT infrastructure. Their support helped us manage over millions of dollars in transactions per year.”

— Sam Lim

Watch Mummys Market's online success story, powered by Vodien.

“Our company's growth relies on our customers discovering us through our online presence”

 — Simon Yap

Watch Oasis Web Asia's online success story, powered by Vodien.

24/7 Customer Care

Get expert advice for anything you need

Call Us
4am - 8pm

Live Chat
Anytime

ABOUT
About Vodien
Why Vodien
Data Centers
Company Blog
Contact Us
Sitemap
DOMAINS
Register Domains
Domain Transfer
Domain Backorder
Domain Guard
HOSTING
Web Hosting
Business Hosting
WordPress Hosting
Titan Email
Microsoft 365
SERVERS
About Dedicated Servers
Dedicated Linux Servers
Virtual Servers
cPanel Managed VPS
Linux VPS
Disaster Recovery
RESELLER
Reseller Program
Reseller Hosting
Affiliate Program
Hosting API
ISV Hosting
Need Help?

+65 6018 3544

Contact Sales and Support

SUPPORT
Online Support
Remote Support
Billing & Payments
Service Status
Report Abuse
WEB SECURITY
SSL Certificates
Website Protection
Spam Protection
HTTPS your Website
Singapore

All prices in Singapore Dollars (SGD) and exclusive of GST.
© 2025 Vodien Internet Solutions Pte Ltd. UEN/GST: 200911829E

Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Cookie Settings

About Cookies
By visiting this Site, you agree to our Terms of Use, including its choice of law, forum selection, dispute resolution, and class-action waiver provisions. You also agree to our use of cookies and other technologies that monitor your use of the Site. Your interactions on the Site may be recorded or monitored by us or a third party with which we work. If you do not agree to this, please do not use our Site. For more information, please read our Privacy Policy. Click “Got It” to agree or “Cookie Settings” to opt out.

Cookies Settings Got It
Live Chat
I
.SG