Skip to content
Download for Free
REAL-TIME VOICE CHANGER & SOUNDBOARD

Boost the way you sound with your squad wherever you hang out, using the leading real-time AI voice changer & soundboard

Download for Free
For Windows 10/11 & macOS

OUR PARTNERS

Works wherever you hang out online.

Not only in voice apps like Discord, but also in-game voice chats.

See what the Community is up to!
Play Video
Play Video
Play Video
Change your voice. Become anyone.

Gaming, streaming, or just vibing with friends? We got you. 200+ Voicemod voices—from AI anime waifus to Battlefield-style radios.

Learn more about Voice Changer
Drop sound memes, dominate the chat.

A sound is worth a thousand pictures. Add hilarious effects to your group chat and streams—find your sound and make others know about it.

Learn more about Soundboard
Loot the Community for voices and sounds.

If a sound meme or voice filter exists, we have it. Stay on top of trends, pick your favorites, and add them to your soundboards. No uploads, no fuss.

Check it out!
Create or tweak any voice with Voicelab!

Can’t find the voice you want? Make your own or tweak existing ones! Voicelab lets you mix effects from Reverb and Delay to wild ones like Robotifier.

Learn More about Voicelab
Record sound memes from any source.

From YouTube to in-game—capture and add sound clips straight into your soundboards! Missed the moment? Instant Replay lets you rewind up to 30 seconds and relive the hype.

Check Voicemod Recorder
- SUPERCHARGE YOUR VOICE 
- SUPERCHARGE YOUR VOICE 
- SUPERCHARGE YOUR VOICE 
- SUPERCHARGE YOUR VOICE 
- SUPERCHARGE YOUR VOICE 
How does Voicemod work?

Getting started with Voicemod is quick and easy:

1. Supercharge your mic

Download. We install a ‘virtual microphone’—this supercharges your sound!

2. Set Up

Select ‘Voicemod Virtual Microphone’ as the input device in the app or game you’ll be speaking on.

3. Blow minds

Pick a voice, drop some memes and start boosting the way you sound.

Why choose Voicemod?
Boost your mic

No matter your setup—built-in noise suppression and voice enhancement.

Optimized for gamers and streamers

Ultra-low latency and minimal resource use.

Add keybinds

Assign sounds to any key, and fire them off instantly.

AI voices trained with pro voice actors

Fairly Trained certified models.

Control Voicemod your way

Connect your phone with Voicemod Soundboard App for instant remote control.

Some of our trusted partners

Discover the industry leaders who trust Voicemod. We’re proud to collaborate with these key partners, bringing you the best in immersive audio experiences.

Instant control, powered by Elgato

Control Voicemod voice changers and soundboards with one tap—making reactions faster, swaps smoother, and streams more expressive.

Learn More
Your lighting setup, alive with MSI

With Mystic Light and Voicemod Sync, every reaction becomes part of your show. Turn setups into an extension of your personality.

Learn More
Official voices, unlocked with Razer

We built a collection of voices designed to feel powerful and unmistakably Razer. Unlock exclusive benefits with Razer Cortex.

Learn More
Real-time audio & lighting with Corsair

Voicemod and Corsair iCUE supercharge your setup with real-time voice filters & reactive lighting that match your in-game energy.

Learn More
On-device voice AI, with Qualcomm

On Snapdragon X Elite, Voicemod’s AI voice workloads run on the NPU for ultra-low latency and high-fidelity effects all on-device.

Learn More
View slide 1
View slide 2
View slide 3
View slide 4
View slide 5
Unlock real-time voice changing on console

Pair Voicemod Key with your smartphone, and unlock voice changers and soundboards on your gaming console!

Get Voicemod Key!
Follow us for more!
Base
Developers
Newsroom
Support
Careers
Redeem a coupon
Supercharge Your Voice
Download for Free

© 2025 Voicemod Inc., Sucursal en España

Legal
Privacy
Terms of Use
Cookies Policy
3rd Party Software