Volkswagen UK | The official Volkswagen website Skip to main content Skip to footer Menu Volkswagen New models and configurator Build your Volkswagen Browse available stock Compare our models Book a test drive Future models and concept cars ID. Polo ID. CROSS The ID. EVERY1 concept car Saved configurations Electric and hybrid cars Pure electric cars ID.3 ID.4 ID.5 ID.7 New ID.7 Tourer ID. Buzz Hybrid cars Golf eHybrid Tiguan eHybrid Passat eHybrid Tayron eHybrid Touareg eHybrid Future models and concept cars ID. Polo ID. CROSS ID. EVERY1 concept car Charging and range Charging Range Charging and Range Simulator Our home charging partner Battery technology Benefits and costs Ownership and running costs Life with an EV Looking after your EV Discover electric Frequently asked questions Technology Offers and ways to buy Finance and offers Expert help and advice Step-by-step guide to driving electric Ways to buy electric Ways to buy hybrid Government Electric Car Grant Used cars Search for used cars Approved Used offers Approved Used benefits Part Exchange Finance offers and fleet Personal offers and finance Personal finance offers & calculator Personal Contract Hire offers Used car offers Servicing and parts offers Electric offers Personal finance options explained Part exchange Leasing Personal Contract Hire Business Contract Hire Business and fleet Explore the fleet range Fleet for small businesses Fleet managers Company car drivers ID Ohme offer Motability Insurance and warranties Volkswagen insurance Warranties and extensions Connected services VW Connect Activation All services Car-Net Requirements Car-Net Activation Security & Service Guide & Inform e-Remote Upgrades Upgrades VW Connect for your ID. All services We Connect Start Fleet Interface Data Owners and services Book a service or MOT Servicing and parts Why book with Volkswagen Servicing and pricing Buy a Service Plan All-in Spare parts and repairs Accident and roadside assistance About my car Warning lights How-to guides Software updates Volkswagen Financial Services Account myVolkswagen Owner's manuals Technology Accessories and merchandise ID.3 Golf Polo Owners Brochure Need help? Contact us Need Help FAQs Volkswagen Life YourVolkswagen stories Volkswagen Magazine 50 Years of VW Polo 31 years with Humphrey the Volkswagen Polo Zootropolis 2 Press 1 1 The elves have been helping in our workshops See what the elves have been up to Seasons Greetings! 1. Elves Behavin’ Badly® licensed by PMS International Group Plc. The new T‑Roc Compact on a new scale. Sporty. Flexible. Comfortable. Open for order 8th January 2026 6 days 21 hours 0 minutes days hours minutes seconds The new T‑Roc Compact on a new scale. Sporty. Flexible. Comfortable. Open for order 8th January 2026 Find out more Welcome to Volkswagen Find everything you need to know about researching, buying and owning your Volkswagen . Explore our models Discover electric & hybrid Offers & finance Discover our electric car range, offers & e-Tools 100 DAYS TO DRIVE AND DECIDE , 1 of 3 The Government Electric Car Grant now available , 2 of 3 Our useful range of e-Tools are designed to help you decide if a Volkswagen electric vehicle is right for you. , 3 of 3 100 DAYS TO DRIVE AND DEC ID E YourVolkswagen, our ID. Promise ⁠ 2 Going electric is easy and we're confident you'll love it too. That’s why we'll give you 100 days to get comfortable and feel good driving electric . We're sure you'll love your new ID., but if it's not the right fit - you can bring it back! Learn more about the ID. Promise ⁠ 2 Full T&Cs apply . Offer valid 3 Nov 2025–31 Mar 2026 (unless extended) on new VWPC ID. models (excl. ID. Buzz ) ordered after 3 Nov 2025. Used, ex-demo, motability, and fleet vehicles not eligible. UK residents 18+ only. Applies to cash & finance customers (excl. contract hire). Notify retailer & return ID. Vehicle 80–100 days after delivery for refund (minus damage, modification repairs, 3% depreciation, Ohme EV charges and finance deductions). Part exchanges refunded, not returned. Customers may participate once. Your statutory rights are not affected. The Government Electric Car Grant now available Enjoy £1,500 off selected ID.3 , ID.4 and ID.5 vehicles⁠ ⁠ 3 Explore the Electric Car Grant ⁠ 3 . UK & selected ID.3 , ID.4 and ID.5 models only.  Only available where final purchase price is less than £42,000 (including options & any discounts offered by your retailer ). Grant provided by UK Government, may be replaced, withdrawn or amended at any time. Our useful range of e-Tools are designed to help you decide if a Volkswagen electric vehicle is right for you. How far can I really go? How much does it cost to run? How does it compare to other cars ? 100 DAYS TO DRIVE AND DEC ID E YourVolkswagen, our ID. Promise ⁠ 2 Going electric is easy and we're confident you'll love it too. That’s why we'll give you 100 days to get comfortable and feel good driving electric . We're sure you'll love your new ID., but if it's not the right fit - you can bring it back! Learn more about the ID. Promise ⁠ 2 Full T&Cs apply . Offer valid 3 Nov 2025–31 Mar 2026 (unless extended) on new VWPC ID. models (excl. ID. Buzz ) ordered after 3 Nov 2025. Used, ex-demo, motability, and fleet vehicles not eligible. UK residents 18+ only. Applies to cash & finance customers (excl. contract hire). Notify retailer & return ID. Vehicle 80–100 days after delivery for refund (minus damage, modification repairs, 3% depreciation, Ohme EV charges and finance deductions). Part exchanges refunded, not returned. Customers may participate once. Your statutory rights are not affected. The Government Electric Car Grant now available Enjoy £1,500 off selected ID.3 , ID.4 and ID.5 vehicles⁠ ⁠ 3 Explore the Electric Car Grant ⁠ 3 . UK & selected ID.3 , ID.4 and ID.5 models only.  Only available where final purchase price is less than £42,000 (including options & any discounts offered by your retailer ). Grant provided by UK Government, may be replaced, withdrawn or amended at any time. Our useful range of e-Tools are designed to help you decide if a Volkswagen electric vehicle is right for you. How far can I really go? How much does it cost to run? How does it compare to other cars ? Build your Volkswagen Build your own Book a test drive Book a test drive Used Cars Explore our used cars and offers Owners and services Here you’ll learn everything you need to know about owning and maintaining your Volkswagen including information on servicing and warranties. You’ll also find our entire collection of accessories and key information about our specific models . Find out more All‑in from Volkswagen ⁠ 4 Get 2 Services , 2 MOTs, 2 years' Roadside Assistance & up to 2 years' Warranty (free of charge), all for just £38 a month. Find out more MOT test No-one knows your Volkswagen better than we do. So you can relax when your car is in for service , maintenance or repair, knowing it’s in the safe hands of experts. Find out more Need a vehicle for your business ? Fleet & Company Cars Whether you're a small business owner, a fleet manager, or a company car driver, we have an extensive range on offer to suit your needs. Discover our Fleet & Company Cars Opens an external link Explore our range of commercial vehicles and camper vans Head over to the dedicated Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles website. Visit Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles Opens an external link Explore Volkswagen Browse the range Fleet Technology Environment Partnering with Volkswagen Careers Service & parts Popular models Golf Polo ID.4 T-Roc Tiguan Commercial vehicles Used cars Useful tools Book a test drive online Book a Service or MOT online Finance calculator Find a retailer Request a quote Social TikTok Facebook X Instagram YouTube Need help Careers Info for emergency responders Contact Us News Login Technology Connected services Privacy Compliance and Integrity Legal FAQs Find a retailer Manage cookies ID. Import Notice Volkswagen AG (Imprint & Legal texts) Digital Give Away Product safety information Accessibility information © Volkswagen 2025 Important information : 2. Full T&Cs apply . Offer valid 3 Nov 2025–31 Mar 2026 (unless extended on 30 days’ notice) on new VWPC ID. models (excl. ID. Buzz ) ordered after 3 Nov 2025. Used, ex-demo, motability, and fleet vehicles not eligible. UK residents 18+ only. Applies to cash & finance customers (excl. contract hire). Notify retailer & return ID. Vehicle 80–100 days after delivery for refund (minus damage and repair to modification costs, a 3% depreciation charge, and where applicable Ohme EV charges and finance deductions). Part exchanges will be refunded but not returned. All accessories must be removed without damaging the vehicle or left on the vehicle. Returns maybe refused if non-approved accessories fitted or if removal has caused damage. Customers are responsible for cancelling ancillary contracts and for any charges in doing so. Customers may participate once. Your statutory rights are not affected. 3. The Electric Car Grant is a UK Government grant to promote the purchase of certain new electric vehicles. The grant is not exclusive to Volkswagen Group United Kingdom Limited. Selected ID.3 , ID.4 and ID.5 models are eligible for this Grant within Band 2, meaning eligible customers purchasing a qualifying vehicle will receive £1,500 off the purchase price. The grant is available when purchasing ID.3 Pure, ID.3 Pro, ID.3 Pro S, ID.4 Pure, ID.4 Pro, ID.5 Pure and ID.5 Pro where the purchase price of the vehicle paid by the customer is below £42,000. The purchase price is defined by the UK Government/OZEV as RRP (including VAT) plus options , plus VED and minus any cash discounts a Retailer or Volkswagen UK may wish to offer . Please speak to your local Volkswagen Retailer to clarify the purchase price and subsequent eligibility for your chosen configuration.  Discount excludes ID.3 GTX Performance, ID.3 GTX Fire & Ice, ID.4 Pro 4MOTION Match, ID.4 Pro 4MOTION Black Edition, ID.4 GTX Edition and ID.5 GTX . £42,000 cap on purchase price means ID.4 Pro Match, ID.4 Pro Black Edition, ID.5 Pro Match and ID.5 Pro Black Edition will also be excluded, based on recommended pricing, unless retailer discount brings purchase price below cap. New cars only. The £1,500 will be automatically deducted from the purchase price for your vehicle on the retail invoice. Any discount or offer will be applied before application of the grant. Your authorised Volkswagen Retailer will submit the details of your order in order to claim the grant funding. The grant is subject to full T&Cs and eligibility requirements and may be replaced, withdrawn or amended by the UK Government at any time. For more information, please contact your Volkswagen Retailer or visit Electric and hybrid vehicles eligible for a plug-in grant . Cannot be claimed retrospectively against previous orders. No cash alternative. UK only (excludes Channel Islands and Isle of Man). Vehicle must be registered in the UK and customer must pay UK VAT on purchase. Vehicle eligibility and grant figure correct as at 16/10/25. 4. Valid for vehicles aged 3 to 6 years, with a 2.0L engine or less and under 100,000 miles at activation. Pay monthly option payable over 24 months. Excludes electric vehicles and vehicles with an existing service plan. Vehicles that have been out of a warranty (that has been provided by Volkswagen UK or Volkswagen Financial Services ) for more than 30 days will have a no-claim period of 30 days at the start of their policy . The All‑in Warranty is funded by Volkswagen Group and does not cover any vehicle already covered under any other guarantee, insurance , warranty and/or gesture of goodwill. Volkswagen Financial Services . ^ Prices listed are Volkswagen UK’s recommended On The Road (OTR) retail price. Actual prices are set by Volkswagen authorised retailers in their sole discretion – always obtain these prices from your chosen Volkswagen Retailer. Your contract is always with the Volkswagen Retailer. Volkswagen UK’s recommended OTR includes: delivery charge, number plates, new vehicle registration fee, the first year's Vehicle Excise Duty and VAT (calculated at 20%). Images shown may not reflect base specification and depict optional cost options . Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information above. Prices are taken from the Volkswagen website - this website contains a large number of products and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the products listed may be incorrectly priced. Volkswagen may change prices at any time (this includes where there are government changes in regulation and/or legislation). There may be a delay to any price displaying correctly on our materials and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some vehicles may be incorrectly priced. Always check prices with your local retailer . Please be advised we may not be able to provide valuations for vehicles which are outside certain age or mileage ranges, specialist or customised, or not registered in the UK. The actual sale price is dependent on a number of additional factors, which you can discuss further with your retailer . T&Cs will apply . Models shown and information provided (including standard equipment) reflect the specification for the current model year, which is the product currently available for order from the factory.  Information may differ from what you have ordered if, for example, you ordered before the change in model year or you ordered a vehicle from stock. Vehicles available for purchase from stock and those shown within the 'Stock Locator' tool may have a different specification, from a previous model year. Please contact your chosen retailer for details. Volkswagen Group United Kingdom Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, firm reference number 464440. Volkswagen Group United Kingdom Limited is acting as a credit broker, not a lender. The only lender we will introduce you to is Volkswagen Financial Services (UK) Limited, MK14 5LR. We may introduce you to vehicle retailers , who are acting as credit brokers.