Voltent entertainment Home About us Games Career Contact About Us Volt Entertainment is a provider of cutting edge solutions for the iGaming market. We strive to provide casino players with the most engaging and memorable gaming experience, by supplying casino operators with the best games available on the market. ENTERTAINMENT Our mission is to entertain casino players, therefore, we offer a constantly growing portfolio of the best casino games, including classic and video slots, table games, such as Roulette or Blackjack, video pokers as well as speciality games. CREATIVITY Our passionate and talented game developers pay extreme attention to every detail while designing new games. Therefore, our games feature engaging storylines, stunning graphics and animations, catchy soundtracks and entertaining special features. INNOVATION Our games are built using the latest gaming technology and we strive to equip them with new, innovative special features that will entertain casino players and encourage them to come back to our partners’ online casinos every time they feel like playing casino games. RESPONSIBLE GAMING We are a responsible, regulated gaming company licensed by the Government of Curacao. Our games, gaming platform and Random Number Generator comply with the world's more stringent regulatory requirements and have been tested and approved by NMi. Our Games We offer a wide portfolio of entertaining casino games featuring interesting themes, beautiful graphics and animations, engaging special features and high prizes. Players can choose between classic and video slots, table games, such as Roulette or Blackjack, video pokers and speciality games. All Games Classic Slots Video Slots Video-Poker Casino Games Speciality Games View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more View more Load more games Career At VoltEnt we believe it’s the people that make a great company. We are looking for new talents who have a passion for their work, enjoy working as part of a diverse team and who can offer us quality work ethics. If you would like to join our team, don't hesitate to send us your CV. Account Manager Head of Account Managment Sales and Business Development Manager Contact Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at your earliest convenience. We look forward to hearing from you! Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * email * Comment or Message * Send This website is operated by Volt Entertainment B.V., a company incorporated under the laws of Curaçao with Company Number 136003 and has a valid Certificate of Operation. Volt Entertainment B.V. has an application (OGL/2024/780/0367) for a gaming license in progress with the Curaçao Gaming Control Board. © 2024 Volt Entertainment. All rights reserved. Account manager JOB DESCRIPTION Being one of the best and most ambitious providers of online and mobile casino games as well as related business solutions with the aim to provide players and its clients with the best entertainment and operational tools respectively one may find online. The Account Manager will work hand in hand with the Sales and Business Development Teams in building lasting relationships with clients existing and acquiring new clients. REQUIREMENTS Team management and leadership skills; Excellent verbal, reading and writing skills; Strong account management, sales and negotiation skills together with strong knowledge of online casino products and experience in the collaboration with external partners such as online casino operators; Extensive high-level client management experience; 2+ yrs experience in online casino business development management together with gaming sector experience; Established relationships with casino operators is necessary for this position in order to be able to offer them games and related products. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Developing, growing and retaining a portfolio of clients, ensuring a strong professional relationship with them; Building from scratch and managing all account management activities; Expanding business opportunities to achieve identified goals and targets in order to maximise revenue generating opportunities; Focusing on expanding our portfolio of large operators in the gambling industry, particularly within the European market, via lead generation; Achieving sales forecasts, budgets, KPI’s/targets as well as other projections; Identifying and managing risks and set realistic expectations for the customer; Participating in trade shows, sales meetings and other special events; Driving positive relationships with key customers and converting leads into sales. Join our team - warm welcome with your application! Apply HEAD OF ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT JOB DESCRIPTION The Head of Account Management is responsible for all the account management functions for the overall for Voltent and will lead and inspire a group of Account Managers in all building lasting relationships with clients at all time. REQUIREMENTS A minimum of 5 years of experience as an account manager. A minimum of 3 years of experience within the iGaming industry Experience supporting key accounts and a proven track record in growing an existing business portfolio and in achieving, and exceeding, established revenue targets A record of developing strong working relationships with executives, peers, and associates Experience working inside an iGaming B2C operator is highly advantageous Ability to lead, inspire and motivate a team of Account Managers. Great interpersonal skills Passion for gaming. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Build and manage close relationships with all Voltent allocated B2B clients. Manage multiple B2B clients in a professional and organized manner. Complete regular client review meetings. Create and manage backlogs of client requirements and also assist Account Managers in meeting facilitation and deal closing sessions. Ensure clients are optimizing our games on their sites. Collaborate with external and internal marketing teams. Pass across marketing materials and digital assets. Work to get premium onsite positioning of our games and new games released quickly on clients’ sites, whilst overseeing all set backs and ensuring a resolution is found for all Voltent deals and accounts. Deliver client revenues in line with company forecasts and communicate KPIs against projections to senior management. Establish trust and relationships with key client influencers and decision makers, whilst be the catalyst to ensure all relationships are nurtured, fostered and enhanced. Work with clients to compile data and insights on product performance versus that of competitors, the effects of targeted campaigns and promotions etc. Up-sell the existing clients for new products and premium offerings. Work with them to broaden the product footprint within their business. Liaise with the Product team as well as other internal departments to effectively respond to clients’ inquiries and concerns, and to communicate feedback on client requirements, preferences and valued-added features. Be an inspirational leader at all times whilst coaching the Account Management team to develop the overall account management cycle. Join our team - warm welcome with your application! Apply SALES AND BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER JOB DESCRIPTION The Sales and Business Development Manager role is  ambitious and high-performing goal oriented individual who will help Voltent develop key growth by using various key strategies, tactics and promoting band grwoth at all times.  The Sales and Business Development Manager will hit targets by building relationships, understanding customer needs and promote the company products and services at all times. REQUIREMENTS Great interpersonal skills, and ability to build meaning and lasting relationships. Excellent knowledge of gaming and the gaming industry. Ability to meet targets and deliver results while working under pressure. Knowledge of B2B strategies. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Developing and executing strategic plan to achieve and maximise sales targets and expand our customer base, as well as maintaining strong, long-lasting customer relationships with clients; Developing a sustainable business pipeline, supporting commercial objectives and including the identification of opportunities to qualify and close; Developing a tactical marketing plan for niche sales kits, advising and supporting the delivery to appropriate industry sectors; Overseeing and managing all regulated iGaming markets with the objective to develop strategies, to discover and evaluate new business opportunities and create the overall sales and business development strategic plan; Focusing on expanding companiy portfolio via partnership with large operators in the gambling industry, particularly within the European markets; Identifying and reporting on business opportunities in target markets and new business development opportunities in emerging markets; Regularly update activity information and pipeline for management reporting; Taking part in the game development process as well as development of the branding strategy; Be the main contact for the business clients and prospects, managing all aspects of the relationships at both commercial and technical levels, using the best resources available; Serving as a business representative at major industry events, conferences, trade shows, and expositions; Performing an online gaming market analysis focused on its potential casino/slot games demands; Attending networking events overseas to promote the Brand. Working along cross function teams in providing feedback on the Voltent product and brand. Working with the team to achieve team goal strategy. Join our team - warm welcome with your application! Apply GAME Show assets Game assets loading...