Home | Volvo Group We noticed that you are using a browser that is no longer supported by our system, to enjoy the full Volvo experience consider changing browser Close Search Our brands Contact us Our brands Contact us Our brands Contact us Our brands Contact us Sustainable Transportation Sustainable Solutions Renewable fuels Hydrogen fuel cells and combustion engines Battery electric The way forward Collaborative Approach The Mobility Transformation Forum Innovation & Collaboration Responsible Business Careers Students, graduates & internships Working at Volvo Group Recruitment focus areas Job openings #tecHER newsletter Investors Financial Reports & Presentations Financial Calendar Contact Investor Relations Subscribe for press releases The Volvo Share Debt Information Financial Targets Risks & Uncertainties Corporate Governance General Meeting of the Shareholders Election Committee Board of Directors The Board’s work The Board’s composition and attendance CEO, Group Executive Board and Group Management Remuneration Independent auditors News & Media Suppliers Purchasing by Volvo Group Terms of use Become a Volvo Group supply chain partner How to become a supplier Our Supplier Requirements IMDS Reporting Key Elements Procedures (KEP) Supply Partner Code of Conduct Useful Links & Documents for Existing Supply Chain Partners Purchase to Pay Contact Center Corporate Standards EDI Log in to Volvo Group Supplier Portal Contact us as Supply Chain Partners Volvo Group About us Contact us Our Brands Strategy Heritage Organization Our Production Facilities Our Global Presence Our values & whistleblowing Products, services & solutions Volvo Group Merchandise Volvo Experience System The Volvo Brand Sign up for the #tecHER Newsletter Join the thousands of women who have signed up for the #tecHER newsletter, dedicated to women starting their journey or already in tech careers, and explore your future career opportunities with us. Welcome to Volvo Group Around 102,000 employees at the end of 2024. 14 brands. Almost 180 markets. Production facilities in 17 countries. Trucks, buses, construction equipment and marine and industrial engines. Complete solutions for financing and service. This is who we are. Products & Services Explore Our brands Explore Job openings Explore Financial reports Explore Third quarter 2025 The Volvo Group report for the third quarter was published on October 17, 2025 at 7:20 a.m. CEST View report Latest news Latest Press Release Latest Press Release Press release 2025-11-28 November 28, 2025 New number of votes in AB Volvo The number of votes in AB Volvo has changed due to the conversion of a total of 209,660 Series A shares to a total of 209,660 Series B shares. The conversions were implemented with the support of the opportunity for Series A shareholders to request conversion of Series A shares to Series B shares which was entered in the Articles of Association at the 2011 Annual General Meeting. Press release 2025-11-24 November 24, 2025 Volvo Construction Equipment selects Eskilstuna, Sweden for its new Crawler Excavator assembly plant Volvo Construction Equipment (Volvo CE) expands its European industrial footprint with a new crawler excavator assembly factory in Eskilstuna, Sweden, to be serving the European markets. Press release 2025-10-31 October 31, 2025 Harvard Professor Naomi Oreskes Receives the 2025 Volvo Environment Prize Press Release from the Volvo Environment Prize Foundation

Naomi Oreskes, a world-renowned earth scientist and historian from Harvard University, is the recipient of the 2025 Volvo Environment Prize. She is being honored for her influential work on the history of science, climate change, and scientific consensus, and is also the co-author of the acclaimed book Merchants of Doubt (2010). Press release 2025-10-17 October 17, 2025 Volvo Group – the third quarter 2025 “In Q3 2025, the Volvo Group's net sales increased in Europe, while more difficult market conditions in North America and South America impacted sales negatively. In total, the Group's net sales amounted to SEK 110.7 billion (117.0), which was an increase of 1% when adjusted for currency movements. Sales of vehicles were 1% lower than in Q3 2024 when adjusted for currency. The underlying development in the service business remained good, with service sales growing by 4% adjusted for currency. On a rolling 12-month basis service revenues amounted to SEK 126 billion. Despite the lower vehicle volumes, we maintained our earnings resilience and generated an adjusted operating income of SEK 11.7 billion (14.1) with an adjusted operating margin of 10.6% (12.0),” says Martin Lundstedt, President and CEO. Press release 2025-10-03 October 3, 2025 Invitation to press and analyst conference in Stockholm The Volvo Group report for the third quarter will be published on October 17, 2025 at 7:20 a.m. CEST. Press release 2025-10-01 October 1, 2025 Changes to the Volvo Group Executive Board and Renault Trucks management team After ten years of service, Bruno Blin, has decided to step down from his role as member of the Volvo Group Executive Board and President Renault Trucks. He will be replaced by Antoine Duclaux, currently Senior Vice President Renault Trucks International. View all press releases Reimagining mobility to improve lives since 1927 Since 1927, Volvo has developed from a small local industry to one of the leading suppliers of commercial transport and infrastructure solutions providing products such as trucks, buses, construction equipment, and drive systems for marine and industrial applications. Explore our heritage I am looking for Job openings Financial Reports Event Calendar Image & Video Library Press Information Corporate Standards Student Information Volvo Group Whistle Volvo Group Venture Capital Startup and innovation hub Accessibility at Volvo Group EU Data Act I am looking for Job openings Financial Reports Event Calendar Image & Video Library Press Information Corporate Standards Student Information Volvo Group Whistle Volvo Group Venture Capital Startup and innovation hub Accessibility at Volvo Group EU Data Act Follow us in Social Media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Follow us in Social Media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Explore Volvo Volvo Trucks Volvo Penta Volvo Energy Volvo CE Volvo Buses Volvo Autonomous Solutions Volvo Financial Services Rokbak Renault Trucks Prevost Nova Bus Mack Trucks Explore Volvo Volvo Trucks Volvo Penta Volvo Energy Volvo CE Volvo Buses Volvo Autonomous Solutions Volvo Financial Services Rokbak Renault Trucks Prevost Nova Bus Mack Trucks Country websites Australia (English) Belgium (Nederlands) Brazil (Português) China (中文) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) India (English) Netherlands (Nederlands) North America (English) Peru (Español) Poland (Polski) Sweden (Svenska) UK and Ireland (English) Country websites Australia (English) Belgium (Nederlands) Brazil (Português) China (中文) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) India (English) Netherlands (Nederlands) North America (English) Peru (Español) Poland (Polski) Sweden (Svenska) UK and Ireland (English) Copyright AB Volvo  2026 Copyright AB Volvo www.volvogroup.com Contact us Cookies Privacy Copyright AB Volvo www.volvogroup.com Contact us Cookies Privacy