Voodoo | Entertain the world Company Publishing Careers News Company Publishing Careers News Company Publishing Careers News Company Publishing Careers News The always fresh, oddly satisfying strategy game where anyone can feel skilled and powerful. An endlessly engaging puzzle that’s easy to pick up but hard to put down. Sharpen your mind with each block you place. A classic and timeless board game. Immerse yourself in a world of strategy where your mind is your strongest asset. Your daily dose of real life. Create meaningful connections by sharing authentic moments with your close ones. Connecting the new generation. Enter a safe space of self-expression and authentic interactions. Fun meets real stakes. Turn your favorite games into competitions with cash rewards. Entertain the world with iconic apps and games Entertain the world with iconic apps and games Entertain the world with iconic apps and games Entertain the world with iconic apps and games About Voodoo is a global tech company that entertains the world through iconic apps and games. We empower bold creators to shape their ideas into hits. Learn more Learn more Learn more 8 billion downloads 150 million monthly active users $670 million revenue in 2024 800 employees Join us today We work with creative minds, content creators and technical innovators willing to entertain and empower the world. See jobs See jobs See jobs Entertain the world © 2025 Voodoo Services Publishing Academy Ads About us Company Careers News Press Legal Terms of service Privacy Legal Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Entertain the world © 2025 Voodoo Services Publishing Academy Ads About us Company Careers News Press Legal Terms of service Privacy Legal Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Entertain the world © 2025 Voodoo Services Publishing Academy Ads About us Company Careers News Press Legal Terms of service Privacy Legal Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Entertain the world Services Publishing Academy Ads About us Company Careers News Press Legal Terms of service Privacy Legal Cookie Policy Cookie Settings © 2024 Voodoo