Video Conferencing_Voice Conferencing_Video Conferencing Software_Video Conferencing System - VooV Meeting VooV Meeting Adjustment Description:After July 31, 2024, VooV Meeting will adjust the free service policy and launch the Pro plan. Make a plan in advance. View details VooV Meeting, An Expert in Conferencing Across any device. Cloud meeting solutions covering 100+ countries and regions. Communication and collaboration have never been this easy. Free Trial Learn More Why VooV Meeting? Collaboration Flexible Experience Secure and Reliable Join meetings anywhere and anytime. Efficient collaboration and sharing. The whiteboard feature makes presentations clearer and more interactive. Share screens in real-time on PCs and mobile devices. Flexible ways to join meetings. VooV Meeting allows attendees to join meetings quickly on mobile phones, PCs, tablets, and webpages for a seamless conferencing experience across platforms. Smooth HD conferencing experience. It features 1080p HD, filters, and virtual background. Moreover, its AI-based speech enhancement function maintains smooth audio delivery even during excess packet loss. VooV Meeting provides security protection with features such as meeting passwords, locking meetings, moving attendees out, waiting rooms, and watermarks, effectively preventing meeting information leakage. Information Encryption: SSL and AES-256 encryptions are used to ensure information security. Use Cases in Different Industries Digital Finance Remote meetings, online investment consultation, and cloud signing are supported, helping businesses digitalize their services and diversify their cloud portfolio. Online Education Live-stream training, digital forums and virtual dissertation defenses are supported, making it easier to share educational resources. Digital Government Large-scale cloud conferences and meetings such as fundraising, press conferences, talks, audits, and contract bids are supported with guaranteed technical support and service. Telemedicine Remote consultations, cloud-based seminars, and virtual visits are supported, improving communication and collaboration efficiency while reducing the risk of infection. Let's Meet on VooV Meeting A cloud-based HD conferencing product leveraging Tencent's 20+ years of experience in audiovisual communications Free Trial Accept cookies from VooV Meeting on this browser? We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and maintain our services; improve your experience on our websites; and to ensure the security, performance and stability of the website. If you select "Accept all", we will also use cookies for analysis and measurement purposes. Learn more about how we use cookies in our Cookie Policy . Accept All Decline All