Customer Experience Platform for Retail & E-commerce - Voyado Skip to main content Skip to navigation Black Week 2025 benchmarks are here! Products Customer engagement Customer data management Email and SMS marketing Omnichannel engagement Loyalty management Retail marketing automation Onsite messaging Insights and reports Product discovery E-commerce search Strategic merchandising Editorial merchandising Product recommendations Dynamic category listings Curated journeys Retail media Omnichannel ad sales Advertiser campaign management Advertising yield optimization Powered by Bonnie AI Bonnie is a retail expert – built and trained to understand ever-changing consumer behaviours. Solutions Built for Retail Fashion Electronics Cosmetics and Beauty Furniture Integrations Technology partners Consultancy partners Developer guides and API docs Become a partner Multi-market efficiency Work effortlessly with marketing, merchandising and loyalty across multiple markets. Sustainability Create sustainable customer journeys that eliminate obstacles and nudge customers to make more sustainable choices. Gain invaluable insights Retail Radar is based on 440 million transactions across Sweden, Norway and Denmark. Resources User support Help center Voyado Academy Product updates Content Blog Knowledge hub Case studies Events & Webinars Expert insights Retail Radar 2025 Benchmarks for retail marketers Inside e-com 2026 report Black Week benchmarks Curious About webcast Webcast Curious About RCS unpacked: Understanding the future of mobile messaging Customers About English Deutsch Book a demo Career News & Media Legal Contact +46-8-562 699 30 info@voyado.com Book a demo Search Customer experience cloud for retail Wow your customers in-store and online Voyado combines Customer Engagement, AI-driven Product Discovery and Retail Media to help retailers enhance customer experiences and increase revenue across channels. Book a demo Try our interactive demo Rated 4.7/5 on G2 Our Products For marketing managers Customer Engagement Platform CRM, marketing automation, and loyalty for omni-channel retailers For e-commerce managers Search and Product discovery AI-powered search, merchandising and product recommendations Customized experiences for every shopper Unified customer data turns every interaction into a shining opportunity. With the Voyado customer experience platform, your brand can tap into AI to present the perfect products to the right shoppers, wherever they engage. Explore Voyado CXP Loved by 400+ retail brands Omnichannel customer engagement Customer intelligence and insights AI-assisted targeting and tactics Automations and ready-to-use triggers Loyalty and reward management Engage your audience like never before. With actionable first-party data, you can market smarter to win new customers, re-engage existing ones, and build lasting loyalty. Discover Engage E-commerce search and merchandising Personalized site search Automated merchandising with endless optimization Product recommendations Elevate the shopping experience for each customer, every time and in real-time. With AI-powered product discovery, online shoppers will be connected to products they’ll love, all in the blink of an eye. Discover Elevate What you can expect 109% increase in full-price shoppers By Malene Birger 25% increased online sales MQ Marqet 27% increased online conversion Dormy “Voyado has been a reliable and stable partner for many years, helping us elevate the online shopping experience across our geographies and brands.“ We’ve analyzed the shopping behavior in the Nordics, UK, Germany and Netherlands. Let the insights guide in shaping your retail strategies around distribution, customer communication and return policies, and make 2025 your best year yet! Download reports Success stories Don’t just take it from us, let our customers tell you how Voyado has impacted their business. See all Customer Case How Eton Shirts built a data-driven premium experience with Voyado Read more Read more Customer Case How Blutsgeschwister turned segmentation into growth with Voyado Read more When playful fashion label Blutsgeschwister grew into a broader lifestyle brand, they faced a challenge: one brand, many different customer journeys. Generic campaigns no longer worked. With Voyado, the team shifted to advanced segmentation and personalized automation — driving a 69% increase in conversion rates, higher engagement during launches, and stronger long-term loyalty built on emotional connection rather than discounts. Read more Customer Case Stronger puts SMS to the test – and beats email with 84% more revenue Read more Stronger is a Swedish activewear brand founded in 2014. Based in Stockholm, the company specializes in women’s activewear that combines high-quality performance with bold design. Stronger has built a loyal community of women aged 20–45. Read more Customer Case How LAKRIDS BY BÜLOW improved customer engagement across online and offline channels Read more LAKRIDS BY BÜLOW, a premium liquorice brand from Denmark, faced the challenge of connecting customer data from both their online and physical stores. By implementing Voyado, they seamlessly integrated their digital and in-store experiences, improving customer identification and engagement. With almost 50% of in-store customers now part of their loyalty program, LAKRIDS BY BÜLOW has successfully enhanced their multi-channel approach, offering more personalized experiences for their growing customer base. Read more Ready to know more? Growing your revenue with the Voyado customer experience platform is easy, here’s how: Understand your customers by tracking behaviors Offer product recommendations based on customer data Automate it! Emails, SMS, social connect, push notifications and more Thank you! We will get back to you soon. Get a demo of Voyado We love all things customer and product data, and would love to chat about your brand’s individual challenges, and how our solutions can help. Understand your customers by tracking behaviors. Offer instantly relevant product recommendations and search. Automate it! Emails, SMS, social connect, push notifications and more. Thanks! We will reach out to you soon. Product Voyado CXP features Marketing automation & loyalty platform for retail Product discovery & merchandising for e-commerce Integrations Customer cases About Voyado Careers News & Media Our partners Contact us Security & Trust center Legal documentation Resources Blog Guides Product updates Help center Engage API documentation Elevate API documentation Login Book a demo Privacy Policy