Retirement plans, group employee benefits & health accounts Skip to main content Voya Financial: Plan, Invest, Protect Description Voya has completed the acquisition of OneAmerica Financial, Inc.’s full-service retirement plan business — now supporting nearly 8 million participants. Read the press release to learn more. 1 Based on 2018 data from the U.S. Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality's Medical Expenditure Survey 2 American Journal of Public Health, "Medical Bankruptcy: Still Common Despite the Affordable Care Act," 2019 3 Improving HSA engagement, Voya white paper, Oct. 2019. 4 Voya Internal Data for 12-month period ending June 30, 2019 5 PWC Employee Financial Wellness Survey, 2018. 6 Poor Health Costs US Employers $575 Billion and 1.5 Billion Days of Lost Productivity Per Integrated Benefits Institute (ibiweb.org) *Voya Investment Management is the 48th largest institutional investment manager (out of 411 firms surveyed), based on worldwide institutional assets under management, on Pensions & Investments’ Top Money Managers list published June 2024. This ranking represents assets under management as of December 31, 2023. Participation in the P&I ranking is voluntary and open to firms that manage assets for U.S. institutional tax-exempt clients. Managers self-report their data via a survey. P&I sends the survey to previously identified managers and to any new managers asking to participate in the survey/ranking. No fee was paid for consideration. Insurance products are issued by ReliaStar Life Insurance Company (Minneapolis, MN) and ReliaStar Life Insurance Company of New York (Woodbury, NY). Within the State of New York, only ReliaStar Life Insurance Company of New York is admitted, and its products issued. Both are members of the Voya® family of companies. Voya Employee Benefits is a division of both companies. Product availability and specific provisions may vary by state. Products and services offered through the Voya® family of companies. CN2665969_0125