VPS Hosting | VPS Servers | VPS.NET Sign Up Login VPS.net Virtual Private Servers Managed Services PRODUCTS Virtual Private Servers Managed Services LOCATIONS PRODUCT COMPARISON CONTACT US BLOG Login Login Signup Sign Up +1-877-829-2788 Super fast, highly reliable Discover SSD VPS, the platform that lets you launch, manage, and scale your applications effortlessly. Get Started High-performance, secure cloud hosting We deliver dependable, innovative cloud hosting solutions to thousands of businesses, worldwide. Global network Our worldwide data center presence spans 16 locations across four continents. Industry experts 30+ years’ industry experience; our clients benefit from round the clock expert support. Trusted by thousands Our web hosting solutions are utilized by thousands of businesses, worldwide. Discover the ideal cloud solution to support your business to accelerate growth and achieve outstanding efficiencies in performance and cost. Cloud servers Protect your website from downtime with reliable cloud servers. Our VPS data centers are rigorously and routinely tested for security and performance: Tier 3 industry protocols Self-healing infrastructure 1,000% SLA performance guarantee 24-hour support availability; additional managed service support options Explore cloud servers Managed services Add the power of rapid response and proactive management to your hosting solution. Whatever your VPS or cloud hosting requirements, we’re ready to support you. Choose the ideal support package for you: Server monitoring: includes monitoring, proactive support, 30-minute response time SLA, and more. Monitoring and configuration: includes server monitoring service features, plus 15-minute response time SLA, assisted start-up, server configuration, and more. Explore managed services We’re part of THG, the ecommerce powerhouse behind some of the world’s largest, luxury retail brands. Our infrastructure powers thousands of online businesses, including THG’s brand portfolio. Service Level Agreement (SLA) for Servers without Managed Support We guarantee that our network, data center HVAC and power will be functioning 99.9% of the time on any given month, with the following exceptions: Any period prior to the problem being reported by you to our support team. Scheduled maintenance windows and emergency maintenance windows. Planned migrations. Server shutdown due to account suspension. Factors outside our control, such as force majeure events (e.g. earthquake, fire, flood, etc.), failures of our upstream providers, or your Internet Service Provider. Software running with your virtual servers. Actions of third parties, such as server compromises, denial of service attacks, and viruses. Violations of our Acceptable Usage Policy. User activity errors. If we fail to meet the guarantee stated above you can claim for a credit of the following value: The pro-rated rental for the downtime of the affected services, beyond the 99.9% uptime guarantee. This is capped at 100% of the monthly rental for the affected services in any one month. Offer conditions: The promo code GIVEME10 is not applicable to the "2X OFFER" offer This offer is valid on new SSD products RAM and Disk space will be doubled in your control panel Price and specs valid for the lifetime of the product These offers are valid to all existing and new customers All offers apply to new sales from our website or from VPS control panel and are not applicable for renewals or existing services Hosting packages will renew automatically for 1 month Normal cancellation policies apply VPS.net reserves the right to alter or withdraw these offers at any time All of VPS.net standard Terms and Conditions apply VPS MANAGED SERVICES LOCATIONS PRODUCT COMPARISON BLOG CONTACT US SUPPORT ABOUT VPS.NET TERMS OF SERVICE PRIVACY POLICY VPS.NET, 115 Broadway Floor 5 New York NY, 10006 United States COPYRIGHT VPS.NET © 1998-2025 NEED HELP? Hello! Thanks for visiting. Have questions about VPS.net? We're here to help 24/7. LIVE CHAT Sales office hours: Monday to Friday 09:00 - 17:30 GMT Call us: +1-877-829-2788