VU Homepage | Victoria University Skip to content Skip to search Accessibility information VU Homepage Login MyVU Staff Portal Student email VU Collaborate VU Home Study at VU Courses TAFE International students Uniquely VU VU Block Model® Apply to VU Fees & scholarships Key dates Life at VU Study abroad & exchange in Melbourne Information for… Partnerships Sporting partnerships Health & social assistance partnerships Business, law & technology partnerships Community partnerships Partner with VU Research Research & Impact Plan Researching at VU Research institutes & centres Collaborative research Research news & publications Find a researcher About VU Strategy, leadership & governance Teaching colleges & schools Our uni Facilities & services News & events Campuses Contact us Current students Researchers Alumni Donate Safety & respect Library Staff Campuses Contact us Apply now Search Search What are you looking for? Suggestions Courses and units Study at VU Partnerships Research About VU Offers are out. Need a hand? We'll help you get where you want to go – your way. Get in touch Domestic students Domestic International students International Search courses TAFE Skills-based learning Undergraduate First-level university degree Postgraduate Enhance skills & expertise Research Master by Research & PhD Browse courses by my interest Arts, humanities & community services Business IT, cyber security & data science Education & early childhood Engineering, science & built environment English & preparation programs Health, biomedicine & nursing Hospitality, tourism & events Law, justice & legal practice Sports, exercise & fitness Sustainability Trades, hair, beauty & massage All A-Z courses Get help finding courses Explore VU Online courses Benefits of studying at VU Top 2% of universities worldwide We’re ranked in the top 2% of universities worldwide (Times Higher Ed). We’re ranked in the top 2% of universities worldwide (Times Higher Ed). Award-winning VU Block Model® Study one subject at a time in smaller classes with our VU Block Model®. Study one subject at a time in smaller classes with our VU Block Model®. #1 in Vic for skills development^ We’re ranked the #1 uni in Victoria in two areas (QILT Survey, 2024) We’re ranked the #1 uni in Victoria in two areas (QILT Survey, 2024) 4000+ industry connections Gain real-world experience with industry placements and networking. Gain real-world experience with industry placements and networking. Innovation in research A sharp focus on generating positive change through research with impact. A sharp focus on generating positive change through research with impact. Our VU Block Model® explained - transcript Study one subject at a time Say goodbye to lectures and enjoy deeper, focused learning with our unique VU Block Model®. You'll tackle just one subject at a time with three-hour classes, three times a week. Discover VU Block Model How to apply We've pulled together all the information you need to apply for the course of your dreams. Pathways to VU We offer easy transitions between courses at different levels, regardless of your past study experience. TAFE Skill up with a vocational qualification, taught by industry experts in state-of-the-art facilities. Get prepared for your career 10 in-demand careers for the future Discover the best careers for the future based on data around work trends and skill shortages. Average teacher salaries across Australia Explore different pay for primary, secondary and early childhood teachers across Australia. What does a paramedic do & how do you become one? Interested in a career as a paramedic? Here's what to know and how VU can help you get there. News News 21 December 2025 VU Online awarded LearnX Platinum in 5 categories News 16 December 2025 School for the Visitor Economy awarded Bronze at Victorian Tourism Awards Media release 8 December 2025 Assessing ATAR: New research shows many pathways to university News 5 December 2025 Researchers share pathways forward at VU ResFest 2025 View all news and media Events 12 Jan
          26 Campus tours | Course information Footscray Nicholson Campus Tourism, events, hospitality & culinary information session 1 Feb
          26 Community activities | Social events St Kilda VU at Midsumma Pride March 2026 1 Feb
          26 Campus tours | Current student support Multiple locations VU Kick Start Program View upcoming events Open all Current students MyVU New to VU Campus life Library Student email VU Collaborate Future students Study at VU Early school leavers Secondary school students Mature-age students Postgraduate students School teachers & career practitioners Parents of students International students +613 9919 1164 Get started How to apply Scholarships UniLodge – student accommodation Financial advice & support Discover VU Jobs at VU Campuses News & events Research Partnerships About VU Contact us General enquiries 1300 VIC UNI (1300 842 864) Enquire online Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) All contact options Visit us in person VUHQ (student service centres) Campus locations Connect with VU Melbourne Facebook Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Snapchat VU App - Discover VU, keep track of classes, results and more. Acknowledgement of Country We acknowledge the Ancestors, Elders and families of the Kulin Nation (Melbourne campuses), the Eora Nation (Sydney campus) and the Yugara/YUgarapul and Turrbal Nation (Brisbane campus) who are the traditional owners of University land. As we share our own knowledge practices within the University, may we pay respect to the deep knowledge embedded within the Aboriginal community and recognise their ownership of Country. We acknowledge that the land on which we meet, learn, and share knowledge is a place of age-old ceremonies of celebration, initiation and renewal, and that the Traditional Owners' living culture and practices have a unique role in the life of this region. Privacy Legal Copyright notice Provider registration Suppliers Accessibility Complaints & concerns Website feedback Sitemap Copyright © 2025. Victoria University, CRICOS No. 00124K (Melbourne), 02475D (Sydney and Brisbane). RTO 3113. ABN: 83 776 954 731. TEQSA No. PRV12152, Provider Category: Australian University