Athletic Clothing & Activewear Apparel for Performance | Vuori Our Story DreamKnit™ Collection Vuori BlissBlend™ Collection Livvy Dunne's Favorites Matching Sets Sunday Collection Kore Collection DreamKnit™ Collection Arch Manning’s Picks Our Stores Events ACTV Club Journal Skip Navigation Free Ground Shipping Shipping Over $75 | Free Returns Vuori Free Ground Shipping Shipping Over $75 | Free Returns Vuori New Women Men Accessories Sale Explore Search Vuori END OF SEASON SALE END OF SEASON SALE Shop Men's Sale Shop Women's Sale END OF SEASON SALE Shop Men's Sale Shop Women's Sale New Arrivals Shop Men's Shop Women's Midweight Rib Sweater $148 Inversion Rib Halter $68 Coronado Mixed Media Crew $138 Inversion Rib Slim Flare $108 Coronado Mixed Media Sweatpant 28" $128 Canyon Insulated Venture Jacket $198 Waffle Shirt Jacket $158 Energy Top $54 Tuvalu Tee $58 Restore Shrug $118 The Coronado Collection Cold days? No problem. DreamKnit Warm™ pairs extra weight with a cozy brushed interior for lounge-all-day comfort. Shop Now The Inversion Rib Set Stretch, move, and flow through any workout with our super supportive stretch ribbed performance fabric. Shop Now Men's Popular Categories Jackets & Vests Long Sleeve Tops Pants Joggers & Sweatpants Short Sleeve Tees Shorts Hoodies & Sweatshirts Accessories Women's Popular Categories Jackets & Vests Matching Sets Leggings Hoodies & Sweatshirts Long Sleeve Tops Joggers & Sweatpants Accessories Effortless Gifting, Endless Comfort. Make holiday gifting (and getting) a breeze with a Vuori digital gift card. Shop Now Effortless Gifting, Endless Comfort. Make holiday gifting (and getting) a breeze with a Vuori digital gift card. Shop Now Connect To Comfort Head into the new year with elevated DreamKnit™ styles designed to help you feel your best inside and out. Shop Men's Lounge Shop Women's Lounge Connect To Comfort Shop Men's Lounge Shop Women's Lounge A New Perspective On Performance Apparel ™ We’re committed to making products that stand the test of time and remain invested in the happiness of our community, the natural environment, and most importantly, each other. Learn More A New Perspective on Performance Apparel ™ We’re committed to making products that stand the test of time and remain invested in the happiness of our community, the natural environment, and most importantly, each other. Learn More Wed Dec 31 2025 18:33:02 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)