Te Herenga Waka—Victoria University of Wellington Pūaha Nuku Staff Apply to study Apply The menu is here now! Ok Close Close Menu Saved Search Main site Responsive Te Kahupapa Future students Te Kahupapa ki Tai International students Ngā ākonga Current students Rangahau Research Ruawhetū Engage Saved items Things you favourite or save around the website will appear here, such as events, clubs, scholarships and more! Mō mātou About Te Pātaka Kōrero Library Mapi Maps Ipurangiroto Staff intranet Pūaha Student portal Hāpai whakaako Teaching support Pānui News Ngā kaupapa Events Victoria University of Wellington | Home Te Kahupapa Future students Te ao wānanga University life Ngā hōtaka me ngā akoranga Programmes and courses Whakarite i āu mahi ako Planning your studies Tono whakauru Apply and enrol Utu i ngā mahi ako Financing your study Ngā kaupapa Events, visits, and Open Day Te Kahupapa ki Tai International students Study options Why study in Wellington Scholarships and fees Apply and enrol Prepare to study Current international students Ngā ākonga Current students Taurima i o mahi ako Manage your studies Ngā ratonga hāpai ākonga Services and support Taurima i ō moni Manage your money Te ao tauira Student life Te Whakapōtaetanga me te rapuara Graduation and careers Te pae āwhina Tools and help Ngā ākonga hou New students Rangahau Research Ngā pūmanawa rangahau Research strengths Ngā tohu rangahau Research degrees Pātuitanga rangahau Research partnerships Kairangahau Our researchers Hei hāpai i ngā kairangahau Support for researchers Ruawhetū Engage Ahumahi me te Kāwanatanga Industry and government Aorere Global Te ao matawhānui me te hapori Public and community Ika a Whiro Alumni Ngākau makere Giving Enrol for 2026 Apply for halls Postgraduate webinar Home Home Home sitemap-courses.xml Find what you want to study We're sorry but this page doesn't work properly without JavaScript
                enabled. Please enable it to continue. Explore qualifications Explore subjects Explore courses Programmes and courses Scholarships Planning your studies Postgraduate study Quicklinks Summer holiday closure The University will close from 5 pm, Friday 19 December until 8 am, Monday 5 January for the end-of-year break. We look forward to welcoming you back in 2026. First Doctorate of Nursing Dr James Rice-Davies graduated as the first recipient of the University’s Doctor of Nursing recently, and his research into HIV diagnosis will support ongoing efforts to normalising testing. Apply now Don't miss out on Wellington in 2026. Apply now to make Wellington your campus. Taster lectures Get a taste for university. Watch our short taster lectures to help you decide which degree is right for you. Library News Events Māori at Te Herenga Waka Pasifika hub Faculties and schools Alumni Engage with us Business and government As a capital city university, we have strong relationships with business and government. Discover how we engage and how you can connect with us. Public and community Our university is not just for students and staff—it’s for everyone. Find out how we work with the community and discover our public events and facilities. Global engagement We work in partnership with universities and organisations around the world for the benefit of students, researchers, and communities. Teaching support Our University is committed to providing a high-quality research-led learning and teaching environment and to reward and celebrate excellence in all its forms. Find out more Alumni Appeal Scholarships Everyone deserves the opportunity for a great future. You can help fund scholarships for students, enabling them to reach their aspirations through a world-class education. Support the Alumni Appeal Our national and global rankings We are New Zealand’s number one university for intensity of high-quality research and consistently rank among the world’s best universities. Our rankings Emergencies Faculties Architecture and Design Innovation Business and Government Education, Health, and Psychological Sciences Graduate Research Humanities and Social Sciences Law Science and Engineering Contacts and directories Staff directory Media enquiries Find a researcher Health and safety Campuses Kelburn Campus Pipitea Campus Te Aro Campus Auckland Premises Study Programmes and courses Apply and enrol Scholarships Accommodation Schools hub Students Library Services and support Financial survival Key dates Courses Pūaha—Student portal Nuku—Learning environment Library Staff Staff email Staff Service Centre MyTools for staff Teaching support Working here Current vacancies Alumni Stay connected Giving Donate Latest news Events Research expertise Publications Social media 0800 04 04 04 +64 4 472 1000 info@vuw.ac.nz Emergency: 0800 842 8888 Site info Site map Feedback Glossary Privacy Copyright © Victoria University of Wellington, New Zealand