Skip to content
Group
Media
Investors
Innovation
Sustainability
Career
Innovation in the Automotive Industry

Volkswagen is driving forward modern mobility – with new technologies, smart connectivity, and sustainable solutions for the future.

Open
© 2025 Volkswagen Group
Imprint
Privacy
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Third Party Licence Notes
Cookie Settings
PREF
€
ORD
€
The specified fuel consumption and emission data does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer but is only intended for comparison between different types of vehicles. Additional equipment and accessories (additional components, tyre formats, etc.) can alter relevant vehicle parameters such as weight, rolling resistance and aerodynamics, affecting the vehicle's fuel consumption, power consumption, CO₂ emissions and driving performance values in addition to weather and traffic conditions and individual driving behavior. Further information on official fuel consumption data and official specific CO₂ emissions for new passenger cars can be found in the "Guide to fuel economy, CO₂ emissions and power consumption for new passenger car models", which is available free of charge from all sales dealerships and from DAT Deutsche Automobil Treuhand GmbH, Hellmuth-Hirth-Str. 1, D-73760 Ostfildern, Germany and at www.dat.de/co2.
Cookie Settings
We use cookies to offer you an optimized experience on our website and to improve our communication with you. While doing so, we respect your preferences and only process data for analytics with your consent. You can revoke your consent any time in the cookie manager ("Manage my preferences") in our privacy policy. Changes only apply to future usage. You can find further information about the cookies we deploy in our cookie policy and our privacy policy.
Decline optional cookies
Accept all
We use the following cookie categories:
Required Cookies
Required cookies help to improve the usability of a website and enable it to provide basic functionality such as page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, for example logging in. These cookies are necessary for the website to function.
Analytics
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They provide us information about which pages are the most and least popular and how visitors move around the site. The collected information helps us to improve the user-friendliness and the quality of our website and to optimize your user experience.
Save