The Best VPN Provider for a Private Internet | VyprVPN | VyprVPN Your Status: Your IP: Your Status: Protected Your IP: Unavailable Your Location: Unavailable , Unavailable ISP: Unavailable Your Status: Unprotected ! Your IP: Unavailable Your Location: Unavailable , Unavailable ISP: Unavailable Features Server Locations VPN Apps More VPN Benefits Business Blog My Account Get VyprVPN Get VyprVPN with a 30-Day
                    Money Back Guarantee Get VyprVPN Browser Not Supported Internet Explorer is no longer supported on the VyprVPN website. For the best experience,
                        download one of our supported browsers: Edge , Firefox , or Chrome . VyprVPN - Our Priority is Your Privacy If you don't want the internet to browse you, get VyprVPN. VyprVPN is the best guaranteed No-Log VPN to protect your privacy as you browse the internet. Proudly protecting millions just like you for more than 15 years -- VyprVPN is ... Strikingly Protective™. Get VyprVPN 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee 4.6 out of 5 4.4 out of 5 FEATURED IN VyprVPN is Now Available on Apple TV, Fire TV, and Android TV With VyprVPN you can stream on your Apple TV, Fire TV or Android TV like no one is watching. Get access to TV content across the world from the comfort of your home by signing up for VyprVPN today. Buy Now Privacy is a Human Right A VPN (Virtual Private Network) works by encrypting your internet connection to secure it and protect your privacy every time you go online. By using a VyprVPN your activity on-line cannot be tracked or intercepted making you safe from prying eyes of any type. VyprVPN was developed nearly 15 years ago in response to verified governmental surveillance programs in countries around the world.  These programs violate your privacy and that's just wrong! VyprVPN has moden and strong encryption, and a guaranteed No-Log policy that keeps your information safe from hackers, identity theft and malware. It stops your ISP from tracking your every move and prevents advertisers from collecting and selling your valuable data. Learn More Never Be Restricted or Silenced Break free from oppressive censorship by using VyprVPN. A VPN will change your IP address to mask your location and escape internet restrictions imparted by governments, workplaces and organizations. Our obfuscated servers conceals your identity, protecting your traffic from leaking to your service provider's network. Many service providers track your activity, and worse, log that activity and sell it for profit.  Ever wonder how you get all of the creepy ads as if you device was listenting to you? It's because you private data is being sold or shared with others - VyprVPN stops that and gives you back your privacy. Learn more VPN Apps to Match Your Lifestyle Whether you’re lounging at home watching streaming video from your favorite network or TV service, or using public Wi-Fi at a coffee shop or airport, VyprVPN has an app that will work for you. Use VyprVPN on all your devices to stay protected and connected every minute of every day. It’s quick and easy to download our apps - whether you’re a tech pro or not. Download Now Secure and Powerful Connections No matter who you are or what you need a VPN for, VyprVPN offers trustworthy service backed by powerful features. VyprVPN has protected millions of people over the last 15 years so you know it's a trusted product. With VyprVPN access what you want, from where you want, with complete privacy and fast connections. Absolutely No-Logs ... ever! VyprVPN is one of the first independently audited, no-log VPN providers in the industry. VyprVPN does no data collection, no logging of activity, and no sharing or selling of your email address or payment invormatyion ever. And we have a bonus for you - VyprVPN also runs our exclusive VyprDNS® which is also No Log. Unparalleled Security Our servers, hardware, network and custom DNS ensure your privacy is completely guarded whenever you’re online. That's why we say that VyprVPN is Strikingly Protective™. Optimized Global Servers With our new Version 5 of our applications, released in the summer of 2023, and with our upgraded servers in nearly 70 countries, VyprVPN is now faster than ever before. 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee Get VyprVPN Now Language English 中文(简体) Français Español Deutsch Follow Us VYPRVPN Features Server Locations VPN Apps VPN Benefits Business Checkout My Account COMPANY Vision Paper Our Commitment Blog Terms of Service Privacy Statement End User License Agreement RESOURCES Help Center Contact Pricing Affiliate Program VPN Guides Internet Privacy Guides Proudly made by Certida Copyright © 2025 Certida, LLC