Watch2Gether - Watch Videos together Community Upgrade Sign up Log in together. Create your room Creating your room... (No user account required) YouTube Twitch Vimeo SoundCloud TikTok Dailymotion About Watch2Gether With Watch2Gether you can watch YouTube together. Services like Vimeo, Netflix, Amazon, Disney & Co are also supported. Create a room and invite friends to your WatchParty. Synchronized player for video and audio Talk to your friends in the integrated chat room Enjoy content from YouTube, Vimeo, Dailymotion and SoundCloud Organize content into playlists Webcam support 1.  Create a room 2.  Share the link 3.  Watch2Gether I just wanted to say that Watch2Gether is absolutely wonderful, me and my girlfriend are in a long-distance relationship and we use it all the time. - Ted by Email I think teachers would be really interested in this site as it allows students to watch videos and comment on them. - Lynn by Email My friends and I love Watch2Gether. We don't live near each other any more, but now we get to continue our tradition of watching videos together every day. We've used Watch2Gether since it first launched and there’s no reason why we would ever stop using it! - David on Facebook The Watch2Gether website is the best thing ever :-) it’s the first of its kind to help with online RPG games. We mostly use Watch2Gether for background music and sound effects. - Anton on Facebook With Watch2Gether you can easily host a watch party and watch YouTube videos with friends. Other services such as Vimeo, Netflix, Amazon, Disney & Co are also supported. Create a room, share the link and you're ready to go. All videos run synchronously and you can talk to each other using the built-in chat. Have fun with Watch2Gether! Help / Feedback Product documentation Upgrade Contact - Site notice / Impressum Privacy settings Data Privacy Policy العربية Български Česky Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English Español فارسی Suomi Français עברית Hrvatski Magyar Italiano Nederlands Norsk (bokmål / riksmål) Polski Português Română Русский Svenska Türkçe اردو Việtnam Advertisement