W3Counter: Free Web Stats and Website Widgets Navigation Web Stats Reports Widgets Plans Global Stats Free Signup Log In Free Web Stats & Tools For Your Website or Blog Add W3Counter to your site to learn about your visitors, 
              build a following, increase sales and track your growth along the way. Sign Up for the Free Plan Web Stats Reports Beautiful and Easy to Use Clear dashboards and simple reports you can understand
            without a manual or training. Meet Your Visitors See where they live, what languages they speak, and
            what kinds of devices they browse your site on Follow In Their Footsteps See who's recently visited your site, where they're located,
            and exactly what path they took through your website. Find Your Traffic Sources Easily identify your key traffic sources
            and exactly what content they're looking for on your
            website. See Sample Reports Meet the Widgets Widgets Add widgets to your website with just a click:
            popups, lead capture forms, attention bars, social media
            buttons and custom contact forms. Get More Customers Offer a coupon just as someone's leaving your site with
            a promotion popup, or highlight your free shipping special
            with a promotion bar. Get More Subscribers Pop up a newsletter signup form when someone's scrolled
            to the end of an article and is ready for more, or add
            a floating opt-in bar to the top or bottom of your entire site. Fully Customizable Every widget perfectly matches your design with custom colors,
            background images, positioning and text. Zero Coding Required Any of these widgets can be added to your site in just a 
            click, powered by the same bit of code W3Counter already
            uses to track your traffic. Promotion Popup Show Me Ideas: Offer coupons or discounts, highlight promotions, make announcements, request donations Contact Form Show Me Ideas: Contact form, complaint form, callback form, feedback form, report a bug form, run simple surveys Promotion Bar Show Me Ideas: Highlight sales, announce free shipping, give coupons, link to new products,
                          display cookie notice Email Opt-In Bar Show Me Ideas: Subscribe to your newsletter, offer coupons, run giveaways, offer freebies, build a "coming soon" list Email Opt-In Popup Show Me Ideas: Subscribe to your newsletter, offer coupons, run giveaways, offer freebies, build a "coming soon" list Social Media Follow Buttons Show Me Ideas: Get more followers and activity on your social media pages Plans for Everyone — From Bloggers to Businesses Free $0 /month 30 Days of Data 3 Published Widgets Beautiful Web Stats Reports Free Forever No Premium Widget Features W3Counter Branding on Widgets Sign Up Pro $5 /month 6 Months of Data 10 Published Widgets Real-Time Pulse Dashboard Morning Summary E-mails Target widgets by page URL, location, traffic source, and device Advanced triggers and frequency caps 3rd-party integrations Remove all branding Sign Up Business $10 /month 12 Months of Data Unlimited Widgets All Pro Features Marketing Link Builder Conversion & Revenue Tracking Sign Up If you have multiple websites, you can mix-and-match plans for each of your sites in one account. For websites with more than 1 million monthly views, please contact us for pricing. Web Stats Reports Widgets Plans Free Signup Copyright © 2004-2025 Awio Web Services LLC • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy