Skip to main content
WA.gov
An official website of Washington State
Information For
Businesses
Families
People with disabilities
Seniors
Visitors
Contact
Government Agencies
Government Employees
How-to Guides
 English 
Submit
Education
 
Work
 
Health & Safety
 
Recreation
 
Travel
 
Your Government
Steptoe Butte
Washington State government information all in one place.
What can we help you find today?
Submit
Get help specific to who you are.
Businesses
Families
People with disabilities
Seniors
Visitors
Image
Photo credit: WSDOT
Historic Flood Emergency

Access financial resources and flood recovery assistance for Washingtonians.

Learn more or get involved
Guides for the tasks you face
For the more complicated tasks you have to complete while interacting with the government, we've compiled these handy how to guides to help bring clarity to the process.
SecureAccess Washington (SAW) Login for State Services

Get access to our state’s central login where you can access secure online services of multiple state agencies in one place.

Your New WA.gov Account

What to know about the new WA.gov accounts.

File a Complaint

Find out where to file a complaint based on your specific issue.

Workers’ Rights

Learn your rights and benefits as a worker in Washington state.

Get Help Finding Food

Find out how you can get fresh, healthy, and free food throughout the state.

Accessing Government Assistance

Find support and assistance for housing, food, healthcare, utilities, and more.

Housing Assistance

Find programs and resources to help if you’re experiencing homelessness or the threat of losing your housing.

Protecting Your Community from Wildfire

Learn some of the things you can do to reduce the risk of wildfire in your community.

Financial Aid

Learn about the government programs dedicated to helping students fund their futures.

See All How-to Guides
We're here to serve all Washingtonians.
8,115,100+
Estimated population of WA in 2025
163
Languages spoken in WA
41%
Of WA is public land (18.8 million acres)
7
Distinct ecosystems in WA
Image
Photo credit: nevodka.com
Get free annual Discover Passes for your group or organization

July 17, 2025
With an annual Discover Pass, you’ll get year-round access to millions of acres of state parks, forests, and recreation lands. It’s your ticket to hiking, camping, picnicking, or simply enjoying the iconic scenery of the Pacific Northwest. The annual pass is affordable—and discounted or free for certain residents.

Get your Discover Pass
What's happening in Washington
Washington state agencies open transportation electrification funding opportunities

Grants opened December 2025 that support new and upgraded EV charging, fleet and transit electrification, and related infrastructure to cut emissions and expand access across Washington.

A lengthy stretch of US 2 highway remains closed due to extensive flooding damage. View travel alerts.

US 2 Stevens Pass is closed between milepost 50 and 99 (Skykomish to Leavenworth).

Disaster cash assistance is available Dec. 17, 2025, to Jan. 15, 2026, for eligible households affected by flooding in specific counties

A temporary DSHS program helps residents who meet certain requirements and live in Benton, Chelan, Cowlitz, Grays Harbor, King, Kittitas, Lewis, Pacific, Pierce, Skagit, Snohomish, Thurston, Yakima and Whatcom counties to get cash to help them recover from recent flood disasters.

Governor Ferguson declares statewide emergency following major flooding across Washington

A state of emergency allows access to life, safety and emergency protective measures and additional federal resources. Those affected by the floods can find information and resources from the Washington Department of Transportation and Washington State Military.

Download the new WDFW mobile application to get hunting and angling licenses for 2026

The MyWDFW mobile app is a comprehensive tool for hunters and anglers. It supports license purchases, displays active hunting and fishing license privileges, and enables electronic tagging as well as submission of end-of-season harvest reports.

See the 11 Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) who were awarded grants from the Washington State Department of Commerce to support unbanked individuals

The Washington State Department of Commerce awarded $5.6 million to 11 Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) through its Equitable Access to Credit (EAC) Program.

About WA.gov

Wa.gov is the official website of Washington State, with easy access to online state services, government agencies and helpful guides to get things done.

Use our tools
Search professional licenses
How to Guides
Accessibility.wa.gov
Suspect fraud quiz
Connect with us
Government Agencies
Government Employees
Ask a State Librarian
Agency News
Contact the WA.gov Team
Image
© Copyright 2025 State of Washington

 |  Privacy  |  Use Our Logo

Feedback