WABE – Atlanta News, Local Reporting, Arts & Culture, NPR & PBS Power WABE into 2026 with a one-time gift - ignite change today! Donate Home WABE — Atlanta News, Politics, Issues, Arts & Culture Entrepreneur An Atlanta toy store will be featured in the Obama Presidential Center opening next year South River Forest Georgia judge tosses landmark racketeering charges against 'Cop City' protesters Clayton County Buddhist monks make 2300-mile 'Walk For Peace,' with stops in Metro Atlanta Georgia Public Service Commission Alicia Johnson sworn in as first Black woman on Georgia Public Service Commission Criminal Justice Judge further pauses execution of Georgia man over concerns about the clemency process WABE Year in Review 2025 As 2025 comes to a close and we wrap up another busy year in the WABE Newsroom, we’re looking back at the year’s most important news stories. We’ve compiled some of the impactful stories, videos, interviews and photos that amplified Atlanta in 2025 at wabe.org/2025newsrecap . Energy Where to recycle your Christmas trees in metro Atlanta Atlanta Falcons Bijan Robinson, Falcons finishing strong with 3rd straight win after elimination from playoffs Georgia Legislation New Georgia laws will address professional services, homeowner protections, car owners and politicians Taxes Property tax exemptions for seniors in Atlanta, Fulton County go into effect January 1 Navigate between tabs with left and right arrow keys. Use the down arrow to enter content, and up arrow to return to tab list. Engage with WABE Live WABE Radio: ON NOW All Things Considered 6:30PM Marketplace 7:00PM All Things Considered 8:00PM Closer Look with Rose Scott Full Schedule Our Podcasts - Latest Episodes The Brief From WABE: The Brief for Tuesday, December... Health Wanted: You Asked, Laurel Answered Closer Look with Rose Scott: Mary Mac's Tea Room celebrates... In These Times with Bill Nigut: Christmas Special: Tobias Wilson-Bates on... WABE's Week In Review: Fani Willis pushes back against... WABE Arts: WABE Arts: Curating André Leon... More Podcasts Live WABE Classics: ON NOW Classical 24 6:00PM Performance Today 8:00PM Classical 24 Full Schedule Live BBC News: ON NOW BBC World News Full Schedule Live WABE TV: On Demand: Member donations are the most important source of support for WABE. 100% of our funding comes from the Atlanta community. Your gift helps us Amplify Atlanta to the whole community — providing independent and in-depth journalism, masterful storytelling, and the programming you love. Each day, you can count on us for local and national news and stories that are grounded in truth and presented without bias. See below for the many ways you can support our efforts – today and into the future. Have questions about your membership or how to join? Contact Membership Services. Email: [email protected] Call: (678) 686.0321 or Contact Us Form WABE Membership & Benefits More Ways to Give Membership Benefits Benefits Supporter PBS Passport Access an extensive library of PBS and local programming for on-demand streaming. ✦Member ✦Benefactor ✦Advocate Sustainer Appreciation Event Enjoy an exclusive gathering celebrating the ongoing support of sustaining Members and Benefactors. ✦ Member ✦ Benefactor ✦ Advocate Anniversary Recognition Receive a personalized digital appreciation letter for milestone anniversaries. ✦ Member ✦ Benefactor ✦ Advocate Digital Recognition See your name featured on our digital platforms, recognizing your generous support. ✦ Benefactor ✦ Advocate Invite to Special Events Gain exclusive access to interact with WABE talent and donors at our special events. ✦ Benefactor ✦ Advocate Behind The Scenes Experience Gain exclusive access to interact with WABE talent and donors at our special events. ✦Advocate Have questions about your membership or how to join? Contact Membership Services. Email: [email protected] Call: (678) 686-0321 or Contact Us Form WABE Passport is a member benefit available with a donation of $5/month or more. It gives you on-demand access to an extensive library of PBS favorites and select local programming. From acclaimed dramas like Downton Abbey on MASTERPIECE to popular series like The Great British Baking Show and NOVA , WABE Passport lets you enjoy more of the shows you love, explore past episodes, and even preview select programs before they air on TV. We’d like to express our #WABEgratitude to our community partners for providing goods and services during our Fundraising Campaign. Upcoming Events Fri, Jan 30, 2026 @ 7:00 pm - 8:30 pm Tinsley Ellis Live at Eddie's Attic! Sat, Mar 14, 2026 @ 12:00 pm - 2:00 pm WABE Genealogy Workshop 2026 Fri, Apr 17, 2026 @ 7:30 pm - 11:00 pm The Rush Tribute Project Previous Events Friday, December 26 @ 6:00 pm - 10:00 pm Mother’s Finest Live at Eddie's Attic! Saturday, December 20 @ 8:00 pm - 11:00 pm Celtic Woman Symphony Christmas Tour 2025 Tuesday, December 16 @ 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm Coffee & Cocoa Conversations with Rose Scott How Do You Atlanta? Calendar Select Your Newsletters * indicates required Email Address * First Name Optional WABE Newsletters Daily Digest | Top news, daily news brief. This Week on WABE | a collection of top stories and news highlights. WABE Everywhere (monthly) | Events, programming &  partnerships. Pick your favorite topics. Change your preferences anytime! View on Twitter Tweets by wabenews View on Twitter Tweets by wabeatl View on Facebook View on Facebook View on Instagram View this profile on Instagram WABE ATL (@ wabeatl ) • Instagram photos and videos Apple News Get the latest news from WABE inside the Apple News app. Download and Follow WABE World Cup FIFA president defends World Cup ticket prices, saying demand is hitting records Health Care Georgia health officials map out $1.4 billion plan for new federal rural health funds Entertainment Tyler Perry's accuser sent messages of gratitude and friendship years after alleged assault National News With 2026 nigh, here's some wide-ranging intel on managing transitions Medical Wealth Gap An increasing number of factors are making it harder and more expensive for low-income Georgians to access and afford health care. WABE’s “All Things Considered” team looked at the impending changes to health care and what they will mean for people in Georgia. Crime Atlanta Section 8 administrator accused of fraud DeKalb County DeKalb County launching pet litter registry in January Georgia Governor Race Anonymous money fuels $5 million in attacks on Georgia's Lt. Gov. Burt Jones Election Georgia GOP official and elections activist named to State Election Board WABE’s mission is simple: “Inform, inspire, reflect and empower our greater Atlanta community. ” We do that through the news, information, and entertainment we bring you via radio and TV, on your phone, in your car, on your smart speaker, or online at WABE.org— Atlanta News brought to you anywhere and everywhere throughout greater Atlanta. And we can only do this with your help. Please consider becoming a member of WABE today. Help WABE Stay Strong Donate Become a Sustaining Member Join Cornerstone Society Join Passport for PBS onDemand Donate About Press Releases Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Annual Report Disability Assistance Contest Rules Diversity Statement WABE-FM Public File WABE-TV Public File Follow Our Dedicated WABE News Channels 740 Bismark Rd. NE, Atlanta, GA 30324 2015 – 2025 90.1 FM WABE Georgia Senate special committee questions Fani Willis over Trump prosecution Watch the Livestream X