University of Waikato :: University of Waikato Skip to main content Contact Alumni Library Donate Apply now Study with us Ākona mai Student life Ngā taunakitanga Research Rangahau About us Ko wai mātou Industry & partners Hereherenga News and events Paepāpori Apply now for 2026 Start your journey with the University of Waikato and find your new home away from home. Apply for 2026 I'm interested in All Study Research The University Study options International students Study in Tauranga Our research Student life Campus tours Why the University of Waikato? Explore why Waikato Top 300 Universities in the world in 2026 View our rankings #1 University in New Zealand for research View our research Flexible degree structures available View our qualifications Work-integrated learning in all bachelor degrees About work-integrated learning Explore why Waikato Apply to study with us Apply now How to apply Apply for accommodation at Waikato Experience the vibrant student life of on-campus living while you study. Get in quick to secure your spot, applications are now open. Summer School Want to fast-track your degree, catch up or try something new? Picking up papers over the summer break is a great opportunity to get ahead. Latest news All news Jevon McSkimming sentencing: why a public inquiry into the police should be next Ensuring accountability at the highest levels of policing is vital. Opinion 17 Dec 2025 What NZ needs to watch as Australia reforms gun laws after the Bondi terror attack The Bondi terror attack on Sunday has seen Australian federal, state and territory governments agree to the biggest overhaul of firearms regulations since the 1996 Port Arthur massacre. Opinion 17 Dec 2025 Two University of Waikato scientists recognised with fellowships Mana Tūānuku Research Leadership Fellowships were awarded by the Royal Society Te Apārangi. News 16 Dec 2025 Inside the HIKO Hub: Exaba is redefining the Cloud from the ground up The company’s growth has been fuelled by its close connection to the University of Waikato and the HIKO Hub. News 15 Dec 2025 All news Research impact Waikato weightlifting researcher lifts second international award Monica Nelson is the first person to have won the award for both her master’s and PhD papers. Halloween cobwebs are frighteningly good DNA collectors Polyester Halloween cobwebs can be an effective way to collect genetic material that living things shed naturally into their environments. What our students are saying All stories All stories Contact us Prospective students, and their families and whānau, can talk to us about study options, get support with the enrolment process, and learn more about scholarships, accommodation, student support and other services. General enquiries Monday–Friday 8.30am–5pm 0800 WAIKATO (0800 924 528) 07 838 4176 info@waikato.ac.nz International enquiries Monday–Friday NZT 1pm–2am +64 7788 0688 info@international.waikato.ac.nz International student support Enquire now To reach an extension number Press 1 to enter an extension +64 7 838 4466 Useful links Timetable How to apply Fees and costs Scholarships HIKO hub Popular links International Key University dates Find a PhD opportunity Research Accommodation About us Our story News and events Rankings and reputation Careers at Waikato Library Contact Links In New Zealand 0800 WAIKATO International +64 7788 0688 Copyright and legal statement Privacy policy Accessibility statement