Waitwhile: Queue Management, Appointments, & Waitlist App Meet us in NYC at NRF 2026, January 11-13. Pop by Booth 2609 or book a 1:1 session . Product Product Queue management Simplify waitlist management for smoother customer experiences Appointment scheduling Effortlessly schedule and manage appointments anytime Automation Automate tasks to save time and boost efficiency Communication Keep guests informed with real-time, multi-channel updates Resource management Balance demand with optimized resource allocation Customer insights Personalize service with detailed customer knowledge Analytics and reporting Unlock insights with powerful  analytics and custom reports Integrations and API Connect seamlessly with your existing tools and tech stack Featured Read Blog post The state of waiting in line 2024 Customer frustration with waiting has risen 126% year-over-year. The State of Waiting in Line 2024 explores evolving consumer expectations and highlights virtual queues as a solution to improve satisfaction and boost business results. Industries Industries Luxury retail Deliver personalized experiences that exceed expectations Retail Enhance store efficiency and customer satisfaction Government Modernize public services with smart and intuitive tools Education Manage appointments and walk-ins for campus services Healthcare Optimize patient appointments and walk-ins with ease All industries Featured Reads Case study Waitwhile helps Louis Vuitton create luxury check-in experiences across locations worldwide Case study Oklahoma State University uses Waitwhile to streamline student services Resources Resources Tools & eBooks Explore guides and templates to streamline your workflow Case studies Discover how businesses succeed with Waitwhile Blog Stay informed with insights, tips, and industry trends Press See the latest news and media coverage about Waitwhile Help center Find answers and solutions in our comprehensive support hub Featured reads Blog post Make your event a hit with a queue management system A queue app unlocks real-time monitoring of all event activity and visitor flow, so you can ensure everything runs smoothly. Blog post What is queue management? A queue management system centralizes appointments and waitlists in a single platform – and automates the management of both. Pricing Log in Try for free Contact sales Log in Try for free Contact sales Queue management and appointment scheduling for the modern enterprise Discover the most user-friendly queue management and appointment scheduling system on the market, designed to streamline your operations and enhance customer experience. Contact sales Try for free 4.9/5 on G2.com Trusted by 10k+ businesses to serve 300M customers Did you know 7 out of 10 customers won’t come back after a poor experience? Long waits, scheduling chaos, and impersonal interactions aren't just frustrating; they’re lost opportunities. Discover how Waitwhile helps you increase conversion, transform your operations, and keep your customers coming back. Get rid of long lines and wait times Shorten wait times and minimize walk-aways with Waitwhile’s virtual queue management system, waitlists, and real-time updates. Queue management Minimize no-shows No more missed appointments or frustrated staff members with our easy-to-use appointment scheduling app and automated, personalized reminders. Appointment scheduling Capture sales opportunities Know your customers and start building long-term loyalty with personalized interactions and insights in the palm of your hand. Customer insights Optimize staff scheduling Increase employee satisfaction and performance with automated resource matching and operational analytics. Resource management Why Waitwhile is the preferred option at over 50,000 locations worldwide One platform for all bookings and waitlists Manage all your walk-ins and appointments in one comprehensive dashboard. Read more Best-in-class API and integrations With a highly acclaimed API, Waitwhile easily connects to your existing tech stack. Read more Superior customization and flexibility Build the perfect flow for your visitors. Brand it your way. Read more Unrivaled ease of use Provide every person interacting with Waitwhile the user-friendly experience they deserve. Read more How different industries use Waitwhile to supercharge their service experience Luxury retail Retail Government Education Healthcare Other Luxury retail Retail Government Education Healthcare Other Luxury retail use cases Elevate your client experience with personalized services and premium treatment. Host-managed store experiences Appointment scheduling Clienteling and data capture In-store and VIC events Staff orchestration Learn more about luxury retail solutions Waitwhile for luxury retail Contact sales What our customers say Recognized for excellence, our platform is rated highly for ease of use, customizability, and how well it works with other solutions. See what our customers have to say about how Waitwhile has transformed their businesses. “We love Waitwhile. It’s a great product, making our life easy. It has given us the freedom to communicate with drivers via SMS and process drivers in less time.” Nayan Vyas Shipping & ERP Manager, SKAPS Industries "Waitwhile has been invaluable for helping us manage lines during peak season and year round." Charles Johnson Global Project Manager, Louis Vuitton "Waitwhile just works. It’s reliable and very easy for staff to pick up on their own." Gil Brucken Manager, Restaurant Technology Flynn Restaurant Group "We've saved over 3 million customers, queued through Waitwhile, more than 140,000 days of waiting in line. It's been seamless." Cliff Stefanuk Product Owner, Best Buy "Waitwhile is serving our mission to relieve pain and increase humanity via increased performance, data for continuous improvement, and allowing our customer to ‘own’ their journey." Dar Yasseri MS, CHE, CHIA Vice President Student Experience, OSU-OKC “We love Waitwhile. It’s a great product, making our life easy. It has given us the freedom to communicate with drivers via SMS and process drivers in less time.” Nayan Vyas Shipping & ERP Manager, SKAPS Industries "Waitwhile has been invaluable for helping us manage lines during peak season and year round." Charles Johnson Global Project Manager, Louis Vuitton "Waitwhile just works. It’s reliable and very easy for staff to pick up on their own." Gil Brucken Manager, Restaurant Technology Flynn Restaurant Group "We've saved over 3 million customers, queued through Waitwhile, more than 140,000 days of waiting in line. It's been seamless." Cliff Stefanuk Product Owner, Best Buy "Waitwhile is serving our mission to relieve pain and increase humanity via increased performance, data for continuous improvement, and allowing our customer to ‘own’ their journey." Dar Yasseri MS, CHE, CHIA Vice President Student Experience, OSU-OKC “We love Waitwhile. It’s a great product, making our life easy. It has given us the freedom to communicate with drivers via SMS and process drivers in less time.” Nayan Vyas Shipping & ERP Manager, SKAPS Industries 1 2 3 4 5 Previous "Waitwhile is serving our mission to relieve pain and increase humanity via increased performance, data for continuous improvement, and allowing our customer to ‘own’ their journey." Dar Yasseri MS, CHE, CHIA Vice President Student Experience, OSU-OKC “We love Waitwhile. It’s a great product, making our life easy. It has given us the freedom to communicate with drivers via SMS and process drivers in less time.” Nayan Vyas Shipping & ERP Manager, SKAPS Industries "Waitwhile has been invaluable for helping us manage lines during peak season and year round." Charles Johnson Global Project Manager, Louis Vuitton "Waitwhile just works. It’s reliable and very easy for staff to pick up on their own." Gil Brucken Manager, Restaurant Technology Flynn Restaurant Group "We've saved over 3 million customers, queued through Waitwhile, more than 140,000 days of waiting in line. It's been seamless." Cliff Stefanuk Product Owner, Best Buy "Waitwhile is serving our mission to relieve pain and increase humanity via increased performance, data for continuous improvement, and allowing our customer to ‘own’ their journey." Dar Yasseri MS, CHE, CHIA Vice President Student Experience, OSU-OKC “We love Waitwhile. It’s a great product, making our life easy. It has given us the freedom to communicate with drivers via SMS and process drivers in less time.” Nayan Vyas Shipping & ERP Manager, SKAPS Industries "Waitwhile has been invaluable for helping us manage lines during peak season and year round." Charles Johnson Global Project Manager, Louis Vuitton "Waitwhile just works. It’s reliable and very easy for staff to pick up on their own." Gil Brucken Manager, Restaurant Technology Flynn Restaurant Group "We've saved over 3 million customers, queued through Waitwhile, more than 140,000 days of waiting in line. It's been seamless." Cliff Stefanuk Product Owner, Best Buy "Waitwhile is serving our mission to relieve pain and increase humanity via increased performance, data for continuous improvement, and allowing our customer to ‘own’ their journey." Dar Yasseri MS, CHE, CHIA Vice President Student Experience, OSU-OKC “We love Waitwhile. It’s a great product, making our life easy. It has given us the freedom to communicate with drivers via SMS and process drivers in less time.” Nayan Vyas Shipping & ERP Manager, SKAPS Industries Next 1 2 3 4 5 Backed by enterprise-grade features and security SOC 2 We adhere to SOC 2 security standards. HIPAA, FedRAMP, GDPR, and CCPA Ensuring compliance with top industry regulations. SSO/SAML 2.0 and MFA Integrate Waitwhile with your authentication service for secure access. Account overview Manage thousands of locations, all in one account. Automated data anonymization Automatically anonymize guest data and PII on schedule. 99.5% uptime SLA Ensure reliable service with a formal uptime agreement. Visit our trust center There’s nothing to lose but the wait Get started today Drop us a line hello@waitwhile.com Product Queue management Appointment scheduling Automation Communication Resource management Customer insights Analytics and reporting Integrations and API Security Terms Privacy GDPR Resources Help center Trust center Developer hub Status page Product updates Company About us Press Blog Contact Careers We're hiring! Customers Case studies Industries Select language English Svenska Français Español Best in class Drop us a line hello@waitwhile.com Product Queue management Appointment scheduling Automation Communication Resource management Customer insights Analytics and reporting Integrations and API Resources Help center Trust center Developer hub Status page Product updates Company About us Press Blog Contact Careers We're hiring! Customers Case studies Industries Best in class Select language English Svenska Français Español Security Terms Privacy GDPR