Log in
Sign up
One app for all your travel planning needs

Create detailed itineraries, explore user-shared guides, and manage your bookings seamlessly — all in one place.

Start planning
Get the app
Your itinerary and your map in one view

No more switching between different apps, tabs, and tools to keep track of your travel plans.

What travelers are raving about

Over 1 million people have already tried Wanderlog and loved its easy trip planning features.

Nadia
Travel Blogger @Couple Travel The World

Planning your trip by having all the attractions already plugged into a map makes trip planning so much easier.

Belinda and Kathy Kohles

I have used several trip planning apps. This one by far is the best. The interaction between goggle maps makes the planning so much easier. Adding an adventure not in the app is also easy. Love the connection to Trip Advisor also. Everything is connected including booking a stay. Easy to use on phone, tablets and computer! Well thought through development.

Josh M.

I'm a rather extensive planner when I take trips so this was great. I liked how it auto-filled all of my travel information from my email account.

D Littlejohn

The absolute best travel app I've ever tried. Complete and comprehensive planning made our 15 day trip to UK so easy. Tracks and catalogs attractions and sights, hotels, flights, restaurants and so much more complete with maps, trip costs and extras. Will definitely use this again! thanks for a great travel app! loved it!!


Jack Corby

I have been using this to help me plan a trip to NZ, Fiji and SE Asia. I love that you can search for a location and there are recommended things to do there. This is much easier than generally searching the internet as you can then quickly add it to a list for the future! You can also add your bookings to this by simply forwarding an email, so simple!

Beatriz Sauma Fuguet

Super useful app to plan a trip and create a bucket list of places to visit

Dennis Gruetter

Helping me plan my super road trip! it holds everything! Love it!

Karen Bastock

A great app which we used for a road trip in Southern Italy. Even the free version let both of us access the itinerary, add information, download directions, etc. I loved the function which lets you link a confirmation email — so easy to find when you check in somewhere! The app also populates the itinerary with suggested attractions, restaurants, etc to visit, once you've added a place. There's a budgeting feature, and loads of other things we were constantly discovering. Highly recommended.

Milton James

The best tool ever to plan a trip. I love how smooth it is and it is very user friendly and organized. I use it for solo travel and group travel and it is great for reminding yourself what you did in previous trips. Best app ever honestly

Alan MacKinnon

This app is exceptional for trip planning. The AI feature, with a Map view allows you to visualize the attraction locations - the optimization feature provides a quick way to plan the day(s). Finally, a more holistic planning tool that incorporates Itinerary, booking details, budgeting, search and checklists - Wanderlog has incorporated a ton into this inexpensive app. I have provided some ideas to their team and their responsiveness is exceptional. Love it!



Jenny La Fontaine

Love this app. Makes it so easy to plan a trip and have all the information, itinerary, flights, activities in one place. They are also always improving it and are very responsive to questions and suggestions.

Matt McLeod

Best app, out of all the travel apps I tried. Settled on Wanderlog and was not disappointed.

Sharon Brewster

amazing app! easy to use, love the AI functionality.

Lydia Yang
Founder @LydiaScapes Adventure Blog

So much easier to visualize and plan a road trip to my favourite rock climbing destinations and explore the area around.

A. Rosa

I absolutely love this app!!! I would recommend to anyone who is seriously planning a trip. It will take you through there entire process with ease and all the features you would ever need. The pro version has some features that would be nice to have, especially during the trip itself, but none of it is absolutely necessary. My only criticism is of the pro payment options. You can only buy an annual subscription, and no monthly options exist. Even a 3 month/semi annual sub would be nice.

Reyna Wilcox

I have really appreciated the features of this app as I've planned a cross country road trip. visualizing the stages in the maps is very helpful. and having time and mileage for each day is too!


Cleo Maranski

Used this app to plan a road trip, two days to and two days back home. It was simple and easy to organize. It allowed two cars to coordinate a path so we always knew where we were going. Every place we visited was a hit. Road trips can be tiring but this app made it less painful and a lot more fun.

Christina Cejas

This is everything I needed in a trip-planning app. Everything is in one place - lodging, restaurants, destinations. I can put notes to write out little schedule details like when I plan to put my son down for a nap. Each destination you set up automatically puts in a link to that place's website, their hours of operation, travel distance from you place of lodging and more. The app is easy to use and so so helpful.

Igor DeFaye

The best app so far for travel planning. Has some lags, sometimes the import of packages that includes lodging and plane tickets get counted twice in the budget. The pay option is mostly for AI and automation, it is very well placed and affordable, so paying for it is a good option but not mandatory for regular use. When looking at the budget it would be good to have the option to convert all different currency into one to have a real view of were money is spent.

Ron O

Easy to use. Good organization. Like the Ai explore feature

Benjie D

This has to be the future travel app! If no one is using it right now, y'all are missing out. Love the interface and functionality of the app

Jane Turner

So incredibly helpful, time saving and intuitive! I can't imagine planning a group trip without it! The expense sharing tool alone made it invaluable. So convenient to have all the reservations and mapping in one app for all to share

Archana Jayavel

This travel app is amazing! Loved how the creators have taught about every bit of travel. It has a packing list as well. I did all this with the basic app and not the pro app. Will use it for every trip!

Hannah L

I used this to plan a trip to Utah recently. I was making an itinerary on paper and decided there must be an app for this. Came across this app and couldn't be happier. The integration with google reviews and map makes it super easy to use. We were able to find more interesting places to visit and eat without deep diving into the internet. Highly recommend

Jayson Oite

It seems to be this is my new travel app buddy. Very handy, convenient and very easy to use. It also recommends tourist destinations and nearby places. Kudos to the programmer. 👏👏👏👏

Jorge D.

It left me speechless that I can add places to my trip and they get automatically populated with a featured pic and description from the web.

Abigail King
Founder @Inside the Travel Lab

I’ve been dreaming of a tool like this for years and finally it’s here! Wanderlog is my new go-to tool after decades of professional travel.

Dasha S.

I really like how user friendly it is and the auto-save. I also enjoy being able to look at trips that others have planned for inspiration.

Erica Paulk

I'm really enjoying this app for my road trip. It shows me more info than Tripadvisor though sometimes it's hard to search smaller towns and activities.

Ioanna C

This app deserves an award. Every travel enthusiast/ blogger/ influencer should have it and use it. I used to write everything down and then use 3 separate apps. Everything is well thought and it's the first time I feel like someone read my mind while making an app. A job well done. The free version doesn't have commercials and is fully functional. I am really considering purchasing it though to unlock some very interesting traits that will probably save me tons of time for road trip planning.

Angie Belcher

What a great travel app! So often we scroll sights and destinations and then can't find what we had scrolled passed! As an older wanderer this app kept me totally organized. I only used the fee version but would definitely subscribe to get the full benefits next time.

Manu Thampi

A very good planning app for a group trip. a highlight point is that very important features are free. Highly recommended.

Joannah Landry

love this app and how seamlessly it integrates emails, tickets, directions, and ai planning into my itinerary.

Joel Krautz

Fantastic app, helped us put our plans in order, create packing lists with ai and push the directions to Google Maps on our phone while on the go. Recommend it to anyone who is the planner for family holidays - much better than the old excel sheet and printed out addresses!

Joana Magalhães

Really easy to use and fun! Great way to plan a trip and track all the spending

Jenny Ly

This is the best travel app I have ever used!

Brandy Barber

This app has been so helpful for planning a group trip. My first time using it has been excellent and I intend to continue utilizing it with future travel.

Milton James

the best tool ever to plan a trip. I love how smooth it is and it is very user friendly and organized. I use it for solo travel and group travel and it is great for reminding yourself what you did in previous trips. best app ever honestly

Erica Franco

Absolutely love this app! It is so helpful when planning my trips. I especially love The optimize route option. When I have all my information in place like my starting point and my ending point it is fabulous! I found it was worth it for me to buy the subscription to the app to use this feature. I especially love how it will suggest things to do if you don't have any plans. I do wish it had a biking option for travel between points of interest. But other than that I love the app!

Camilla F.

Very intuitive and simple while still providing a bunch of features, like photos on the destinations, descriptions and suggestions for nearby places to visit.

Kelvin S.

Yesterday I walked my kids through the vacation timeline that I've built so far and their excitement levels went way up!

Robert M

I have tried many many apps over the years, but none came even close to Wanderlog. Amazing features, super useful especially if you are planning a road trip kind of vacation. Highly recommended!

Trisch V

Loved planning on the app and sharing my itinerary with family. Multiple suggestions for itinerary throughout that only enhanced my 20 day road trip more. Definitely keeping this app around for the next trip!

Aira Manahan

So convenient to use. Perfect for travelers like me to plan for my trip. My all-in-one travel app. It has Expenses tab on it, distance of places you go to,etc.

Rene Yap

Easy for group travel collaboration. Great tool!

Jennifer Jenkins

Easy to use. So helpful in a group trip!!

Peter Woods

Way better than the other travel apps. Use of AI brings it into the modern age. Takes the effort and anxiety out of travel planning.

Brooke Rutherford

This app makes me feel like a travel agent. it's been so handy for mapping out our itinerary for a group trip, cannot believe the functionality of the free app. I've recommended it to all of my friends heading over for Euro summer

Xin Liu

Really impressive app! Everything you need for group trip planning

Carrie Brown

Absolutely loved this travel app to prepare for my 7-day trip to Paris. I found it so helpful to plan each day intubation Itinerary and fit in all of things I wanted to do while optimizing our time. We were able to do most everything we planned and then some! Loved the AI feature and checklists, too!

Elton

I used this app to plan a trip to Asia and I can't recommend it enough. It takes a lot of the work out of planning where to go, on which days, and in which order. It brings everything together, including information on hotel bookings flights etc. It will then map out all of the places you want to visit, and you can see where you'll be going. That's really handy because now you can move things around to be as efficient as possible. If you travel, then use this, even if it's the free version.

See more reviews
Features to replace all your other tools
Add places from guides with 1 click
We crawled the web so you don’t have to. Easily add mentioned places to your plan.
Expense tracking and splitting
Keep track of your budget and split the cost between your tripmates.
Collaborate with friends in real time
Plan along with your friends with live syncing and collaborative editing.
Checklists for anything
Stay organized with a packing list, to-do list, shopping list, any kind of list
Get personalized recommendations
Find the best places to visit with smart recommendations based on your itinerary.
Import flight and hotel reservations
Connect or forward your emails to get it magically added into your trip plan.
Start planning
Get the app
Recommended by the press

Leading companies and media outlets are talking about Wanderlog.
Discover why we're their top choice for travel planning.

"If you're looking for a more 360-degree travel planner, Wanderlog might be a good option for you. The platform is very intuitive, and it's super easy to navigate regardless of the many features it offers. In short, it gives you a lot of tools, but isn't overwhelming."
Serena Tara @thrillist
“One of the best travel apps for planning every kind of trip, including road trips and group travel: create a trip itinerary, budget costs, organise flights and hotel reservations, and collaborate with friends. After your trip, share a travel guide to inspire other travellers.”
Charlotte Davey @CN Traveler
“If you’re looking for an app to help you plan trips, try Wanderlog. It is the travel planner to end all travel planners. It can easily replace lists in Maps, spreadsheets, Chrome bookmarks, calendar events, personal notes, and more. I used to get exhausted planning one or two trips a year; now, I can plan 10 trips a year and have time to spare. That’s how good this app is.”
Rita El Khoury @Android Authority
“This makes group travel planning easier by allowing you to arrange trips with your friends collaboratively. Add information about your flights and stays, create itineraries, add photos and notes. It’s also a great way to share your recommendations and tips with friends back home.”
Anugraha Sundaravelu @The Guardian
“Free services like ... Wanderlog automatically put all your travel information in one place, typically by scanning the information in your confirmation emails.”
J.D. Biersdorfer @The New York Times
“Also worth a look is Wanderlog, which lets you build up multiple itineraries and maps very easily. The app lets you collaborate with other people on journeys, gives you optimized travel routes based on the places you've selected, and can recommend other locations of interest based on spots you've already saved.”
David Nield @WIRED
8M+
Trips planned
See why millions of trips have been planned with Wanderlog.
33K+
Reviews
Trusted by thousands—see why travelers rave about their experience.
4.9
Rating on App Store
Top-rated on the App Store for exceptional travel planning.
4.7
Rating on Google Play
Highly rated and selected as Editor’s Choice on Google Play.
Join Wanderlog

Plan your itinerary, find lodging, and import reservations — all in one app.

Collaboration
Flight status
AI Assistant
Route optimization
Itinerary
Offline access
Reservations
Lodging
Packing checklists
Travel guides
Budgeting
Map view
Collaborate with friends in real time
Start planning
Get the app
Create a trip itinerary to see everything in one place

Add the attractions you want to visit and see how to go between them on a map. Check distances and travel times between locations and attractions, schedule specific times for your visits, and optimize your route so you can make the most of your trip. See your flights and hotels for the day to keep track of what’s coming up.

See top attractions and restaurants from the entire web

Get recommended the top places to visit and the best restaurants. Get ratings for top attractions, check their opening hours, and access links to official websites. We’ve gathered the top attractions from across the web in one place so you can see what are the consensus picks.

Plan road trips and hit the road

Create a detailed itinerary for your road trip. Add all your stops, check distances and time between each location. See lists of best stops on your route between cities. We optimize your route to save gas and ensure a smooth journey.

Manage your reservations
with ease

See your reservations, attachments, and confirmation emails in one place without having to search for them. Forward your reservation emails directly to Wanderlog. Prefer it automatic? Connect your Gmail to automatically scan and import your hotel, flight, and other reservation details. We organize all your bookings in one place.

Pack and budget efficiently

Keep track of your budget and split costs with your trip mates. View expense breakdowns. Use our preset packing lists or create your own. Customize to-do lists, shopping lists, and more to ensure you bring everything you need on your trip.

Maximize your trip planning with Pro

Experience the full potential of Wanderlog with a Pro subscription. Enjoy enhanced features and streamlined planning.

Live flight updates
Get notified and monitor your flight status to ensure a smooth travel experience.
Offline access
No wifi, no problem. Your trip plans are locally downloaded for access anywhere.
Automatic Gmail scanning
Get your travel reservations automatically synced into your trip plan
Optimize your route
Perfect for road trips and saving $$$ on gas! Get the best route auto-rearranged.
Flight deals
Cheap flight deals sent straight to your inbox so you can plan your next best trip.
Unlimited attachments
Never dig through your emails again — access all your trip files and PDFs in one place.
Export to Google Maps
Get your places exported to Google Maps. Auto-updated when your plans change.
Start planning
Get the app
Explore hundreds of places to visit
for every corner of the world
Paris
Eiffel Tower · Louvre Museum · Notre-Dame Cathedral
Tokyo
Tokyo Tower · Senso-ji Temple · Shibuya Crossing
New York
Statue of Liberty · Central Park · Times Square
Bangkok
Grand Palace · Wat Arun · Chatuchak Weekend Market
Dubai
Burj Khalifa · Dubai Mall · Palm Jumeirah
London
Tower of London · British Museum · Buckingham Palace
Rome
Colosseum · Vatican City · Pantheon
Find your next adventure

Browse through itineraries and guides crafted by fellow travelers. Get inspired by real experiences and detailed plans for your next adventure.

Paris 5 Day Tourist Itinerary +Recommendations
I've studied abroad in Paris. Other than that, I've visited Paris another 6 times, and have driven all around France.
Elisa Li
105,590
•
514
Japan: Video Game Guide 👾
Did a summer internship in Japan during 2019. Stayed in Shinagawa City, Tokyo for 3 months. Traveled around Japan in my free time! This guide contains all of the places I've personally been to and loved in a quest-like fashion 🎮
Tuyet
36,112
•
691
Puerto Rico Guide
This is a collection of 'best of' since I moved to the island at the beginning of 2019. Activities/sights, restaurants/bars, shopping, and places to stay in San Jan each have their own section. Other regions each get a single section that combines all of the above.
Gillian Morris
28,075
•
142
Start planning
Get the app
Create your ultimate travel itinerary
4.9 on App Store, 4.7 on Google Play
Join Wanderlog

Plan your itinerary, find lodging, and import reservations — all in one app.

Start planning
Get the app
Top 20 Cities

New York City

London

Paris

Rome

Barcelona

Orlando

Amsterdam

Madrid

Rio de Janeiro

Las Vegas

Singapore

Berlin

Bangkok

Prague

Lisbon

Buenos Aires

San Francisco

Istanbul

Sao Paulo

Budapest

Top 20 parks & nature

Banff National Park

Grand Canyon National Park

Yellowstone National Park

Yosemite National Park

Arenal Volcano National Park

Jasper National Park

Table Mountain National Park

Parque Nacional del Este

Zion National Park

Peak District National Park

Death Valley National Park

Snowdonia National Park

Great Smoky Mountains National Park

New Forest National Park Hampshire

Bryce Canyon National Park

Plitvice Lakes National Park

Dartmoor National Park

Chapada dos Veadeiros National Park

Haleakala National Park

Hawaii Volcanoes National Park

Top 20 attractions

Anne Frank House

Park Güell

Tower of London

Saint Mark's Basilica

Navy Pier

Colosseum

Ryman Auditorium

Fenway Park

The National WWII Museum

Space Needle

Alfama

Gardens by the Bay

Denver Botanic Gardens

Barton Springs Municipal Pool

Little Havana

Edinburgh Castle

Sydney Opera House

Hofburg

St. Stephen's Basilica

Brandenburg Gate

Change language
Made with 
 from SF & more © 2022 Travelchime Inc.
Wanderlog
Hotels
Blog
Report security issue
Terms, Privacy policy & Copyright
Mobile app
Browser extension
Travel budgeting & cost tracking
Jobs
Contact us
Google data disclosure
How to embed a map on your travel blog
Guide and resources
Trip planners by destination
Explore cities and countries
Road trips by destination
Best places to visit by category
Popular search terms by destination
Weather around the world
Travel questions & answers
Travel itinerary guides
Maps of cities and national parks
Destinations at different times of the year
Places to visit by destination
Get the app