Find out what websites are built with - Wappalyzer Logo-White Created with Sketch. Products Technology lookup Find out what websites are built with Lead lists Create a list of sites for a technology, keyword or domain Email verification Verify the validity of any email address Keyword search Find websites by keyword Website alerts Monitor websites for technology changes Apps Connect Wappalyzer to the apps you use Pricing Resources Technologies Browse technologies and categories Articles Free content covering technographics FAQs Answers to frequently asked questions Documentation API reference and developer documentation Identify technologies on websites Find out the technology stack of any website. Create lists of websites that use certain technologies, with company and contact details. Use our tools for lead generation, market analysis and competitor research. Empower your sales and marketing teams Website profiling Find out what websites are built with. Lead generation Find prospects by the technologies they use. Market research Compare market shares and technology trends. Competitor analysis Discover who uses competitors' software. Data enrichment Technology, company and contact information. Custom reports Create lists of websites and contacts. Website monitoring Monitor website technology changes. Browser extension See the technologies on websites you visit. CRM integration See the technologies of your leads. Email verification Improve delivery and mailing list quality. API access Instant and real-time technology lookups. Security recon Reveal web technologies and version numbers. Technology lookup Find out what websites are built with Instantly reveal the technology stack of any website, such as CMS, ecommerce platform or payment processor, as well as company and contact details. Look up a website Upload a list API Highlights Instant results 50 Free monthly lookups Perform up to 100,000 lookups at once Lead lists Create lists of websites and contacts Find prospects by the technologies they use. Lead lists contain websites, company and contact details, social media profiles and more. Create and export custom reports for any web technology or keyword based on industry, website traffic and location. List all Fashion websites that use Shopify in United States with high traffic Create a list Highlights Millions of companies tracked globally Organic data with traffic markers Fresh and accurate data Website alerts Monitor your competitors' websites Get notified when a website's technology stack changes. Be the first to know when a competitor moves to a new CMS, ecommerce platform or any other technology. Create an alert Highlights Same-day notifications Create up to 500 alerts Get 5 alerts free APIs Automate technology lookups The Wappalyzer APIs provide instant access to website technology stacks, company and contact details, social media profiles, email verification and more. Track your prospects' technology choices, examine large numbers of websites or enrich your own datasets with technographic insights. Compare APIs API reference Highlights Split-second results Analyse websites in real-time Free trial Email verification Prevent bounced emails Verify email addresses to prevent bounces, spam reports and fake website sign-ups. We run a number of live checks for mail server connectivity, inbox availability and more, without sending an email to the address. Verify an address Upload a list API Highlights Instant results 50 Free monthly verifications Perform up to 10,000 verifications at once Apps Wappalyzer works with the tools you use every day. Chrome See the technologies of websites you visit in your browser. Firefox See the technologies of websites you visit in your browser. Edge See the technologies of websites you visit in your browser. Safari See the technologies of websites you visit in your browser. Salesforce See the technology stacks of your leads in your CRM. HubSpot See the technology stacks of your leads in your CRM. Pipedrive See the technology stacks of your leads in your CRM. Semrush See the technology stacks of your clients and prospects in your CRM. Pabbly Automated workflows and email marketing. Zapier Connect Wappalyzer to the apps you use, no code required. Make Connect Wappalyzer to the apps you use, no code required. Gmail See the technology stacks of your contacts in Gmail. iPhone Wappalyzer in your pocket. Wappalyzer is trusted by thousands of professionals world-wide Wappalyzer has proven to be a great tool to help us break down the aggregate analysis of how the web is doing by various technologies. Ilya Grigorik Principal Engineer at Shopify These days you need advanced marketing tools to stand out from the competition. Wappalyzer help us do just that. Thomas Alibert Growth Engineer at PayFit I use Wappalyzer all the time and it's been invaluable in being relevant in my outreach. Michael Petselas Customer Growth Specialist at HubSpot Wappalyzer is an integral part of our sales process, enabling us to optimise lead segmentation at scale. It’s a total game changer for our organisation. Roman Schweiger Head of Business Development at Boomerank Wappalyzer has been such a useful part of the HTTP Archive dataset. It's enabled us to slice the data in new ways and discover more interesting insights about the state of the web. Rick Viscomi Senior DevRel Engineer at Google Wappalyzer is helping our sales teams to understand prospects better and faster by having a clear view on their tech stack. Rabin Nuchtabek Chief Growth Engineer at Skedify Subscribe to receive occasional product updates. ​ Subscribe Products Technology lookup Lead lists Email verification Keyword search Website alerts Apps Use cases Lead generation Market research Competitor analysis Data enrichment Security recon Pricing Pricing Resources Technologies Articles FAQs Documentation Company About us Logos Contact us All systems operational Terms of service Privacy policy Products Technology lookup Lead lists Email verification Keyword search Website alerts Apps Pricing Resources Technologies Articles FAQs Documentation