World's Air Pollution: Real-time Air Quality Index Please wait while loading the real-time Air Quality data World's Air Pollution: Real-time Air Quality Index Air Quality Scale Good Moderate Unhealthy for sensitive groups Unhealthy Very Unhealthy Hazardous The website is brought to you by the World Air Quality Index project WAQI.info: World Air Quality Index The above map shows the real-time air quality for more than 10,000 stations in the world. advertisement Share: How polluted is the air today? Check out the real-time air pollution map, for more than 80 countries. Can not find your city on the map? -or- let us locate the nearest station advertisement Measure the air quality in your neighborhood Participate with your own air quality monitoring station The GAIA air quality monitor uses laser particle sensors to measure in real-time PM2.5 and PM10 particle pollution, which is one of the most harmful air pollutants. It is very easy to set up: It only requires a WIFI access point and a USB compatible power supply. Once connected, your real time air pollution levels are instantaneously available in on our maps. The station comes together with 10-meter water-proof power cables, a power supply, mounting equipment and an optional solar panel. Do you want to know more? Click for more info. air quality rankings by country advertisement Latest Sharing: About the World Air Quality Index project How to use this web application To get more information about a specific city, move your move over any of the the flags in the above map, then click to get the full air pollution historical data. Good Unhealthy for sensitive groups Very Unhealthy Moderate Unhealthy Hazardous Air Quality Index (AQI) Calculation The Air Quality Index is based on measurement of particulate matter (PM 2.5 and PM 10 ), Ozone (O 3 ), Nitrogen Dioxide (NO 2 ), Sulfur Dioxide (SO 2 ) and Carbon Monoxide (CO) emissions. Most of the stations on the map are monitoring both PM 2.5 and PM 10 data, but there are few exceptions where only PM 10 is available. All measurements are based on hourly readings: For instance, an AQI reported at 8AM means that the measurement was done from 7AM to 8AM. Further information and links Want to protect yourself against the air pollution? Check our mask and air purifier page. Want to know more Air Pollution? Check our Frequently Asked Question (FAQ) page. Want to see the Air Pollution Forecast? Check our Forecast page. Want to know more about the project and team? Check the Contact page. Want to access the Air Quality data via programatic API? Check the API page. Credits All the credits must go to the worlwide EPA (Enviromental Protection Agencies), as all this work is only made possible thanks to their work. Check the full worldwide EPA list page. Air Quality Scale The AQI scale used for indexing the real-time pollution in the above map is based on the latest US EPA standard , using the Instant Cast reporting formula. AQI Air Pollution Level Health Implications Cautionary Statement (for PM2.5) 0 - 50 Good Air quality is considered satisfactory, and air pollution poses little or no risk None 51 -100 Moderate Air quality is acceptable; however, for some pollutants there may be a moderate health concern for a very small number of people who are unusually sensitive to air pollution. Active children and adults, and people with respiratory disease, such as asthma, should limit prolonged outdoor exertion. 101-150 Unhealthy for Sensitive Groups Members of sensitive groups may experience health effects. The general public is not likely to be affected. Active children and adults, and people with respiratory disease, such as asthma, should limit prolonged outdoor exertion. 151-200 Unhealthy Everyone may begin to experience health effects; members of sensitive groups may experience more serious health effects Active children and adults, and people with respiratory disease, such as asthma, should avoid prolonged outdoor exertion; everyone else, especially children, should limit prolonged outdoor exertion 201-300 Very Unhealthy Health warnings of emergency conditions. The entire population is more likely to be affected. Active children and adults, and people with respiratory disease, such as asthma, should avoid all outdoor exertion; everyone else, especially children, should limit outdoor exertion. 300+ Hazardous Health alert: everyone may experience more serious health effects Everyone should avoid all outdoor exertion Translations English Afrikaans Afrikaans አማርኛ Amharic العربية Arabic অসমীয়া Assamese azərbaycan Azerbaijani беларуская Belarusian български Bulgarian বাংলা Bangla bosanski Bosnian català Catalan Čeština Czech Cymraeg Welsh Dansk Danish Deutsch German Ελληνικά Greek esperanto Esperanto Español Spanish eesti Estonian euskara Basque فارسی Persian Suomi Finnish Filipino Filipino Français French Gaeilge Irish galego Galician ગુજરાતી Gujarati Hausa Hausa עברית Hebrew हिन्दी Hindi Hrvatski Croatian magyar Hungarian հայերեն Armenian Indonesia Indonesian íslenska Icelandic Italiano Italian 日本語 Japanese Jawa Javanese ქართული Georgian қазақ тілі Kazakh ខ្មែរ Khmer ಕನ್ನಡ Kannada 한국어 Korean кыргызча Kyrgyz Lëtzebuergesch Luxembourgish ລາວ Lao lietuvių Lithuanian latviešu Latvian Malagasy Malagasy македонски Macedonian മലയാളം Malayalam монгол Mongolian मराठी Marathi Melayu Malay Malti Maltese မြန်မာ Burmese norsk Norwegian नेपाली Nepali Nederlands Dutch ଓଡ଼ିଆ Odia ਪੰਜਾਬੀ Punjabi polski Polish پښتو Pashto Portuguese Portuguese română Romanian Русский Russian سنڌي Sindhi සිංහල Sinhala Slovenčina Slovak slovenščina Slovenian chiShona Shona Soomaali Somali shqip Albanian српски Serbian Svenska Swedish Kiswahili Swahili தமிழ் Tamil తెలుగు Telugu тоҷикӣ Tajik ไทย Thai Türkçe Turkish татар Tatar Українська Ukrainian اردو Urdu o‘zbek Uzbek Tiếng Việt Vietnamese ייִדיש Yiddish 简体中文 Chinese (Simplified) 繁體中文 Chinese (Traditional) advertisement Usage Notice All the Air Quality data are unvalidated at the time of publication, and due to quality assurance these data may be amended, without notice, at any time. The World Air Quality Index project has exercised all reasonable skill and care in compiling the contents of this information and under no circumstances will the World Air Quality Index project team or its agents be liable in contract, tort or otherwise for any loss, injury or damage arising directly or indirectly from the supply of this data. Map by leaflet . This product includes GeoLite2 data created by MaxMind, available from https://www.maxmind.com . This product includes geolocation from LocationIQ.com . Some of the icons made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com is licensed by CC 3.0 BY . WebApp Version 2.12.2