Automotive Industry News | WardsAuto Skip to main content Don't miss tomorrow's automotive industry news Let WardsAuto's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox. Daily Edition M-F WardsAuto: Dealer Every Wednesday By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Deep Dive Opinion Library Press Releases 10 Best Awards Topics Sign up Search Sign up Search Automakers Dealers Operations Regulations Technology Vehicles Courtesy of Ford Motor Co. Software glitches fueled OEM recalls in 2025 As automakers continued to add new technology to their models, the number of software-related recalls was on the rise this year. Read more ➔ Top stories How AI could help improve dealer operations Toyota plans to sell 3 US-built vehicles in Japan in 2026 San Francisco blackout creates chaos for Waymo robotaxis Automakers spent over $2 billion in linear TV ads in 2025 USMCA review: 5 supply chain issues the US plans to address The Latest Courtesy of Ford Motor Co. Ford cancels $6.5B battery supply contract with LG Energy Solution Last week, the automaker also dissolved its BlueOval SK battery joint venture with SK On as it shifts away from EVs. Automakers Courtesy of Stellantis Stellantis set to make its mark at the Brussels Motor Show 2026 Automakers are finding the event in the Belgian capital increasingly influential for their new product launches. Automakers Courtesy of Johnson Matthey Johnson Matthey bets big on hydrogen ICE Automotive supplier opens new R&D center just as the EU relaxes its planned ban on new gas-powered vehicles. Suppliers Courtesy of Hyundai Motor Group Hyundai Steel brings in $582M Posco investment for Louisiana mill As global automakers in the U.S. seek domestic supply, steel manufacturers are moving in. The electric arc furnace project will supply steel plates for automakers such as Hyundai and Kia. Operations Courtesy of Nissan North America Nissan unveils industry-first ‘Personalized Sound’ feature for its vehicle infotainment system The feature is available on all Nissan and Infiniti vehicles equipped with Google built-in, including the new 2026 Leaf EV. Automakers Courtesy of Ford Motor Co. Ford abandons F-150 Lightning, looks to gasoline range extender replacement The Blue Oval brand will pivot toward ICE and hybrid powertrains as CEO Jim Farley announces a $19.5 billion EV write-down. Automakers Permission granted by Tom Sparks/Sparks Media Group New England dealership group enters California with BMW acquisition The Premier Companies group has a growing love affair with the German brand. Dealers Courtesy of Toyota Deep Dive Toyota focuses on personality with its all-hybrid 2026 RAV4 lineup Sport, Rugged and Core designs offer three “emotional grades” and highlight the automaker’s emphasis on putting customer needs at the core of business decisions. Vehicles Courtesy of Ford Motor Co. Ford scraps EV plans, shifts to hybrids, EREVs and low-cost models The automaker will focus its North American EV development on a new family of smaller, highly efficient and less expensive models. Automakers Courtesy of Rivian Rivian recalls nearly 35,000 electric delivery vans over seat belt issue The EV maker attributes the safety defect to misuse of the driver-side seat belt. Regulations Courtesy of Audi AG Consumers returning to ICE vehicles, EY global study suggests EVs and hybrids are losing ground among motorists searching for their next vehicle, the data shows. Automakers Courtesy of Rivian Rivian unveils AI-powered driverless tech with big upgrades The company’s future hands-free driving system will be supported by a new in-house-designed processor and other AI-powered software enhancements. Automakers Provided by Nissan Motor Co. Nissan names VP to oversee US manufacturing overhaul Victor Taylor will lead the automaker’s supply chain, production engineering and pilot operational changes across all U.S. plants. Automakers Justin Sullivan via Getty Images Car-loan delinquencies will see little movement in 2026: TransUnion​ Flat auto delinquencies would be an indication that U.S. households are putting the economic effects of the pandemic behind them, TransUnion vice president Michele Raneri said. Dealers Courtesy of BlueOval SK Ford, SK On dissolving BlueOval SK battery joint venture The automaker’s planned investment in the joint venture announced in 2021 was the largest-ever manufacturing commitment in company history, Ford said at the time. Automakers Courtesy of NXP Semiconductors Suppliers look to leverage EIS tech for EV battery management Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy technology can be used for early detection of potential battery failures. Suppliers Courtesy of FCA US FCA US recalls over 72,000 Ram trucks for blank instrument cluster displays The digital instrument displays, which show important safety information, may be blank at startup or while driving. Automakers Getty Images One Penske dealer group acquires another Penske dealer group The acquired Toyota and Lexus dealerships collectively sold more than 28,000 new and used vehicles in 2024. Dealers Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images Fed trims main rate by quarter-point, forecasts one cut in 2026 Policymakers reduced borrowing costs for the third time in 2025 amid persistent signs of cooling in the labor market. Automakers Courtesy of LA Auto Show 2025 5 electrified takeaways from the 2025 LA Auto Show Automakers made up for the relative dearth of luxury models by showing off a variety of electrified vehicles and SUVs. Automakers Courtesy of Ford Motor Co. Ford recalls over 100K Escape SUVs for issues with liftgate hinge covers All of the affected vehicles are equipped with an optional panoramic glass roof. Automakers Getty Images Asbury Automotive promotes Dan Clara to CEO He becomes the dealership group’s new president and CEO after serving since February as chief operating officer. Dealers Courtesy of BMW Group BMW names Milan Nedeljković as its new CEO He was selected for his “strategic foresight, entrepreneurial thinking, and strong implementation skills,” the automaker said. Automakers Courtesy of Ford Motor Co. Ford teams with Renault to bring new EVs to Europe Partnership hopes to cut vehicle production and development costs as competition builds from China. Automakers Permission granted by Bengt Halvorson First Drive: The 2026 Volvo EX30 is exactly what the market needs In both RWD and AWD Cross Country forms, the EX30 family points the way to stylish and affordable compact EVs. Automakers More stories Get the free newsletter Subscribe to WardsAuto for top news, trends & analysis Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Edition M-F Select Newsletter: WardsAuto: Dealer Every Wednesday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Most Popular FCA US recalls over 72,000 Ram trucks for blank instrument cluster displays How AI could help improve dealer operations Toyota plans to sell 3 US-built vehicles in Japan in 2026 Ford scraps EV plans, shifts to hybrids, EREVs and low-cost models Library resources Infographic Fueling innovation in a changing automotive R&D landscape Custom content for Taylor & Francis Webinar - on demand Solving the Challenge of EV Charging for Car Dealerships Custom content for FLO Infographic How Point Cloud Mastery Drives Automotive Excellence Custom content for Cintoo View all Company Announcements View all | Post a press release What We're Reading CNBC Lucid’s Gravity SUV arrives with high expectations, and big risks The Wall Street Journal Car Payments Now Average More Than $750 a Month. Enter the 100-Month Car Loan. Automotive News Western automakers retreat from EV ambitions as China moves ahead View all WardsAuto news delivered to your inbox Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Edition M-F Select Newsletter: WardsAuto: Dealer Every Wednesday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Explore About Editorial Team Contact Us Newsletter Purchase Licensing Rights Press Releases What We're Reading AutoTech Events Reach our audience Advertising Post a press release Submit an opinion piece Promote an event Related Publications Manufacturing Dive Smart Cities Dive Trucking Dive Industry Dive is an Informa TechTarget business. © 2025 TechTarget, Inc. or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved. | View our other publications | Privacy policy | Terms of use | Take down policy . Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell This website is owned and operated by Informa TechTarget, part of a global network that informs, influences and connects the world's technology buyers and sellers. All copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. TechTarget, Inc.'s registered office is 275 Grove St. Newton, MA 02466. Search Home Topics Automakers Dealers Operations Regulations Technology Vehicles Deep Dive Opinion Library Press Releases 10 Best Awards Get WardsAuto in your inbox The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Edition M-F Select Newsletter: WardsAuto: Dealer Every Wednesday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter.