Homepage - Wareable Close Menu News Reviews Features Smartwatches Wear OS Apple Watch Samsung Fitbit Fitness trackers Health and wellbeing Running Sport Garmin Wearables AR Facebook X (Twitter) YouTube LinkedIn Advertisement CES CES 2026: The wearables, smart rings, and AI health tech we’re expecting Conor Allison December 24, 2025 Health and wellbeing Researchers use Apple Watch to train a disease-detection AI—even when data is incomplete Gian Estrada December 19, 2025 Researchers have successfully trained a new AI foundation model capable of predicting medical conditions using… Wearables Ultrahuman partners with Sleep Cycle to deliver snoring and cough detection Conor Allison December 19, 2025 Smart ring maker Ultrahuman is launching a major new feature focused on respiratory health, partnering… Latest Reviews Apple Watch Apple Watch SE 3 review: Still the best choice for most Conor Allison 12 Mins Read Sport Coros Pace 4 review: A top budget alternative to Garmin Andrew Williams 12 Mins Read Apple Watch Apple Watch Ultra 3 review: The best gets better Conor Allison 18 Mins Read Advertisement Advertisement Latest Stories CES 2026: The wearables, smart rings, and AI health tech we’re expecting CES 2026 is almost here. As usual, the first… The 10 best smartwatches for iPhone—and Apple Watch alternatives If you’re an iPhone owner, the Apple Watch is… Best Android smartwatch: Wear OS and compatible alternatives tested If you own an Android phone and are looking… The best smartwatches in 2025: Options for every budget Smartwatches are now extremely versatile and powerful tools. The… Apple Watch Activity awards: Limited edition badges revealed Whether you call them Apple Watch awards, achievements, badges,… The Apple Watch Ultra 2 just hit a new all-time low of $549 If you have been waiting for the right moment… The budget-king Amazfit Bip 6 drops to its all-time low price If you’re in the market for a budget smartwatch,… Researchers use Apple Watch to train a disease-detection AI—even when data is incomplete Researchers have successfully trained a new AI foundation model… Editor's Picks Apple Watch The 10 best smartwatches for iPhone—and Apple Watch alternatives If you’re an iPhone owner, the Apple Watch is the… Fitness trackers Best fitness tracker 2025: Reviewed, tested, and compared The wearable landscape has changed dramatically since the first fitness… Smartwatches Best budget smartwatches in 2025: Seven cheap but capable options If you’re looking for a budget smartwatch, there’s never been… Features Best Garmin watch 2025: Tested and compared Garmin offers the industry’s broadest range of running and fitness… Wareable Tech Reviews Apple Watch SE 3 review: Still the best choice for most It’s been three long years since we last saw… Coros Pace 4 review: A top budget alternative to Garmin For years, the Coros Pace line has been our… Apple Watch Ultra 3 review: The best gets better After letting its premium, adventure-focused smartwatch simmer for two… Coros Nomad review: Adventure on a budget The Coros Nomad is somewhat of a departure from… Apple Watch Series 11 review: The unshakeable formula A detailed review of the Apple Watch Series 11 following real-world testing. Explore our analysis of the battery life, tracking, and more. Google Pixel Watch 4 review: A masterclass in refinement The journey of the Google Pixel Watch has been… Tag Heuer Connected Calibre E5 hands-on review: No longer tagging along It’s pretty incredible to think that it’s been 10… Xiaomi Watch S4 (41mm) review: Style over substance Aiming to strike a balance between style and substance,… Sponsored Advertisement Latest Features CES CES 2026: The wearables, smart rings, and AI health tech we’re expecting Conor Allison December 24, 2025 CES 2026 is almost here. As usual, the first week of January will see Las Vegas turn into a corridor of LED… Apple Watch The 10 best smartwatches for iPhone—and Apple Watch alternatives Conor Allison December 23, 2025 If you’re an iPhone owner, the Apple Watch is the undisputed best smartwatch available for you, offering unmatched integration with your iPhone,… Smartwatches Best Android smartwatch: Wear OS and compatible alternatives tested Conor Allison December 23, 2025 If you own an Android phone and are looking for the best Wear OS watch to pair with it, you have plenty… Smartwatches The best smartwatches in 2025: Options for every budget Conor Allison December 23, 2025 Smartwatches are now extremely versatile and powerful tools. The best options can track exercise, deliver advanced health insights, and act as a… Apple Watch Apple Watch Activity awards: Limited edition badges revealed Conor Allison December 19, 2025 Whether you call them Apple Watch awards, achievements, badges, or something else, the Activity app’s shiny little digital kudos are a great… We're Social Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Most Popular - All Time Health and wellbeing How L’Oréal’s My Skin Track pH could help you take better care of your skin Husain Sumra January 11, 2019 Withings’ Eric Carreel on buying his health tech startup back from Nokia Michael Sawh June 14, 2018 A smart contact lens for diabetics taps into tears to monitor sugar levels Michael Sawh January 25, 2018 BioSelf’s Sensate wants to help you manage your stress levels Conor Allison March 7, 2017 Ava bracelet aims to help women get pregnant with data Libby Prasuethsut July 26, 2016 Home Privacy Policy General Terms and Conditions Advertising Terms and Conditions The Wareable Team About Wareable Editorial and Reviews Promise Contact Us © 2025 Candr Media Group Limited. Submit Type above and press Enter to search. Press Esc to cancel.