WHAT'S NEW
GAME
STORE
COMMUNITY
GUIDES
MEDIA
PLAY FREE NOW
LOG IN

Become a Founder to instantly join the Soulframe Preludes journey and redeem the Envoy's Sphere Sword Skin to use in Warframe.
Learn More

Join more than 80 million players in this fast-paced, third-person action shooter. Loot up, load out and carve your own path through the sprawling Origin System.
PLAY FREE NOW
Already have an account? Click here.
Choose your Warframe

With a vast array of fully customizable Warframes — each with their own unique Abilities like Invisibility, Teleport or Mind Control — the power is yours to create the perfect assassin, tank, support or stealth Warframe.

Excalibur
Excalibur epitomizes the warrior spirit. His master swordsmanship deals high damage. He is the embodiment of martial excellence.
Mag
Take down your enemies with magnetic force. Mag alters magnetic fields to provide crowd control and strip enemy defenses. Few can resist her attraction or her repulsion.
Volt
Electricity flows through Volt. His attacks deal high damage. Enemies will be shocked.
SHOW MORE
Master Parkour Combat

Seamlessly leap, slide and glide over legions of grotesque clones and capitalist machines. Unsheathe your blade, stick to the shadows or go in guns blazing — the choice is yours.

PRIMARY
SECONDARY
MELEE
Assemble your Arsenal

Nikanas. Pulse rifles. Flamethrowers. Collect and upgrade hundreds of unique Weapons, then modify each one for maximum mayhem and limitless possibilities.

Liberate the Origin System

Grab a hoverboard and hit the slopes of the Orb Vallis. Spearfish in the sunlit waters of the Plains of Eidolon. Explore hidden caves and mine for rare minerals. Experience all of this and more in Warframe’s open worlds.

Squad up with Cross Platform Play!

Tenno are stronger together! Join players on PC, Xbox, PlayStation, Nintendo Switch & iOS to fight alongside 80 million Tenno in the Origin System.

PLAY FREE NOW
CONNECT WITH OTHER TENNO
      
SUPPORT
PRESS
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
EULA
COOKIES SETTINGS
ENGLISH
©2025 Digital Extremes Ltd. All rights reserved. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
폭력성

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies