Warner Bros. Discovery | Welcome Skip to main content Our Leadership Our Values Guiding Principles Inclusion Impact Our Brands Newsroom Careers Investor Relations Menu Our Leadership Our Values Guiding Principles Inclusion Impact Our Brands Newsroom Careers Investor Relations WBD Our Company Warner Bros. Discovery is a leading global media and entertainment company that creates and distributes the world’s most differentiated and complete portfolio of content and brands across television, film and streaming. Warner Bros. Discovery inspires, informs and entertains audiences worldwide through its iconic brands and products including: Discovery Channel, HBO Max, discovery+, CNN, DC, Eurosport, HBO, HGTV, Food Network, OWN, Investigation Discovery, TLC, Magnolia Network, TNT, TBS, truTV, Travel Channel, Animal Planet, Science Channel, Warner Bros. Motion Picture Group, Warner Bros. Television Group, Warner Bros. Pictures Animation, Warner Bros. Games, New Line Cinema, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Turner Classic Movies, Discovery en Español, Hogar de HGTV and others. View All Brands Latest News View All News Discovery Global Appoints Adrienne O’Hara As Chief Communications And Public Affairs Officer December 22, 2025 Warner Bros. Discovery Reports Third Quarter 2025 Results November 6, 2025 Warner Bros. Discovery Announces Discovery Global’s 2026 Upfront Presentation October 27, 2025 Warner Bros. Discovery Initiates Review of Potential Alternatives to Maximize Shareholder Value October 21, 2025 Warner Bros. Discovery to Report Third Quarter 2025 Results on Thursday, November 6 October 20, 2025 Warner Bros. Discovery Names Brad Singer Chief Financial Officer for Post-Separation Warner Bros August 27, 2025 Spotlight Superman Now available on digital and streaming on HBO Max. Peacemaker Season 2 streaming on HBO Max. The Gilded Age Stream on HBO Max. Sinners Streaming on HBO Max. Work With Us The makers, the storytellers, the world's greatest creators. We're bringing together the scripted and the unscripted, the local and the global, the timely and the timeless. Taking the world's greatest possibilities and making them a reality. Creating impact, inspiring imagination, and building connections. Here you can succeed, here you are supported, here you are celebrated. Warner Bros. Discovery hires talent across the globe and offers career-defining positions, carefully curated benefits, and the tools to realize your best self. From brilliant creatives to technology trailblazers and beyond, work with us. Explore opportunities across all of our award-winning brands and businesses Search Careers X Instagram Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Footer Visitor Agreement Privacy Notice WBD Workforce Privacy Notice California Rights Accessibility Statement Forward-Looking Statements Modern Slavery Statement Global Tax Policy Code of Ethics Procurement Equal Employment Opportunity UK Gender Pay Gap Reports BR Gender Pay Gap Reports FR Gender Pay Gap Reports Mitigation Measures for Chile Accessibility Plan for You.i, Ontario Accessibility Policy for You.i, Ontario Responsible Disclosure HBO Legal Documents for Poland WBD Brand Resources Networks Newsletter Signups Clip & Still Licensing © 2025 Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. All rights reserved.