Home Home Energy Marine Company Insights Wärtsilä Portals Shaping the decarbonisation of marine and energy Our everyday lives depend on a steady supply of electricity and goods shipped to us from across the world. Yet, marine and energy generate over a third of global greenhouse gases. That’s why we’re shaping the decarbonisation of marine and energy. About us 2050 net-zero target year for shipping and energy 180 countries with our energy installations 110,000 vessels sailing worldwide, one-third using our solutions 3,500 Wärtsilä service professionals in the field Enabling you to cut emissions at sea and on land We help our customers take a decarbonisation journey that is environmentally sustainable and financially viable. Energy We help the energy sector accelerate the transition towards a 100% renewable energy future with our market-leading technologies and power system expertise. Energy providers globally rely on our flexible engine power plants, energy storage systems, intelligent optimisation technologies, and lifecycle services. With reliable, affordable, and sustainable power as your goal, our solutions support you in ramping up and balancing intermittent renewables. Wärtsilä in energy Marine With Wärtsilä as your partner, your maritime operations can be smarter, cleaner, and more efficient. One in three of the world’s large vessels already relies on our technologies – power, propulsion and other solutions – because you value reliability, safety, and performance. And as the industry moves toward alternative fuels and digital ecosystems, we help you stay ahead with our future-proof solutions. Wärtsilä in marine Global impact. Succeeding together. From world-first technology launches to performance-based agreements, we innovate to create value with our customers and partners. Solvang Onboard carbon capture successfully cuts CO2 emissions by 70% for Solvang’s Clipper Eris carrier Aqualectra, Curacao Installed a new 38.4 MW grid balancing engine power plant in addition to the 25 MW / 45 MWh Energy Storage System installed earlier. GIGA Storage BV Installed Wärtsilä's 25 MW / 48 MWh energy storage in the Netherlands, improving grid stability and scaling renewable integration. Viking Line Finnish ferry company Viking Line is a market leader in passenger transport in the northern Baltic Sea region. United Power United Power manages over 2,137 MW of installed capacity in Bangladesh, of which 1,066 MW is powered by Wärtsilä engines. Clearway Energy Partnered with Wärtsilä for storage solutions supporting reliable renewable energy in California and Hawaii. Green is not black or white. While no single solution will carry us through the transition, we already have most of the technology needed to decarbonise. From engines that run flexibly on low- and zero-carbon fuels to AI-driven predictive analytics, we are using all tools in the toolbox to help our customers take the next step on their decarbonisation journey. Our story Latest insights Dec 03, 2025 6 min read Article From big data to lifecycle optimisation – 4 trends that will affect shipping in 2026 Decarbonisation and future fuels Oct 22, 2025 10 min read Article Q&A: Demystifying the BESS performance metrics that matter most Energy storage Oct 17, 2025 3 min read Article Flexible engine power plants: the key to reliable power in Nigeria’s unstable grid Engine power plants More insights Latest press releases and news Press release Dec 22, 2025 Wärtsilä marks its tenth Australian project with energy storage system for Flow Power Press release Dec 22, 2025 Wärtsilä to divest its Gas Solutions business to Mutares SE & Co. KGaA Press release Dec 18, 2025 Renewal of Wärtsilä’s operation & maintenance agreement ensures continued production reliability for Mauritanian gold mine View all Fuel your power with us Ready to make an impact at one of the world's most sustainable companies? Join our global team of over 18,300 purpose-driven experts across 77 countries. Experience an inclusive culture engineered to help you succeed – where your professional growth is supported every step of the way. We're proud to be recognized as one of the World's Best Employers by Forbes. Careers Energy Marine Insights About Careers Media Investors Sustainability Contact Suomi Wärtsilä is a global leader in innovative technologies and lifecycle solutions for the marine and energy markets. We emphasise innovation in sustainable technology and services to help our customers continuously improve their environmental and economic performance. © 2025 Wärtsilä Privacy notice Cookie notice Terms of Use Subscribe