Skip to content

NEWS: 

Introducing Covert Copy: An innovative new take on the virtual air-gap. Only from Wasabi!

Read More >
Search
English
Sign In
Products
Pricing
Solutions
Partners
Resources
Company
Contact Us
Try Free
Your Critical AI Data Just Got a 
Security Upgrade
Introducing Covert Copy. It’s not just immutable. It’s Invisible.
Learn More
Keep your GPUs fed with Fire

Ignite your AI data pipeline with Wasabi Fire, our new all-NVMe storage designed for the most demanding high-throughput, low-latency workloads.  S3-compatible, with no fees for egress or API requests, Fire frees your data to fuel what’s next.

Discover Fire
Ideal for AI pipelines, from ingest to archive 

Free up budget. Access your AI data fast and free of charge. Rest easy knowing your vital AI training and inference data are protected with best-in-class, multilayered security. 

Lowest TCO

Avoid hidden costs that can nearly double TCO in AI workflows​​ 



Up to 80% less than hyperscaler storage
 

Predictable costs make it easier to scale AI initiatives with confidence 





Calculate Your TCO
Always Hot

Data is hot and ready for immediate use​ 



High-performance architecture supports rapid ingest and retrieval​ 



Zero fees for egress, reads, or writes across your AI pipeline





Hot Cloud Storage
Cyber-resilient

Immutability and Multi-User Authentication protect against ransomware




SOC-2 , ISO 27001 and PCI-DSS-certified data centers 




Built-in compliance for HIPAA, GDPR, FERPA, and more



Become Cyber Resilient
Start a 30-day free trial or buy now

Store it all, securely and affordably

Wasabi is a new breed of cloud storage that empowers you to not just store more but to do more with your data. Wasabi costs up to 80% less than the hyperscalers, and unlike our big competitors, we never charge for egress or API requests.

It's your data. Feel free to use it.

Try Wasabi Free
Lower your total cost of ownership 

Nearly half of the total cost of hyperscale cloud storage is spent on fees instead of actual storage capacity. Fees for access, transport, API requests, egress—so many fees, it’s impossible to understand, let alone predict, what your ultimate cloud storage spend will be. Until now.

Find your TCO
Technology Alliance Partners
TECHNOLOGY ALLIANCE PARTNER
IBM

Wasabi and IBM enable fast and flexible hybrid cloud workload management, positioning enterprises to run applications across any environment—on-premises, in the cloud or at the edge—and enabling users to cost efficiently access and use key business data and analytics in real time.

Read More
Dell Technologies

Dell and Wasabi offer customers a powerful and cost-effective alternative to traditional cloud storage solutions to extend
on-premises storage into the cloud, whether for data protection,
long-term retention, or seamless hybrid workflows.

Dell PowerProtect | Dell PowerScale | ObjectScale

Read More
Next slide
Previous slide
Seamless connections and compatibilities 

Our validated integrations with the industry’s most popular S3-compatible applications ensure a smooth, simple, and optimized user experience. 

Find a Partner




RESELL WASABI

Delight your customers
and your CFO

Wasabi enables resellers and service providers to easily increase revenues and profit margins while increasing customer satisfaction. Plus, you get access to world-class co-marketing support and a single pane of glass to manage all your Wasabi accounts.

Become a Partner
Global reach. 
Local performance. 

With 16 enterprise-class storage regions worldwide, Wasabi puts your data exactly where you need it for lightning-fast access, redundancy, control, and compliance. Every region is housed in a secure, SOC-2, ISO 27001, and PCI-DSS certified data center, giving you peace of mind without compromise.

Learn More
The world's top companies trust 
Wasabi with their data
Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust

We compared AWS, Azure, and the cost of maintaining racks of on-prem storage and Wasabi was significantly more cost-effective.

Yusuf Mangera
Technical Architect

Read More
Cornell University

The fact that we have about two petabytes of storage in Wasabi, and I’ve had fewer tickets than I have fingers on one hand is a true testament to just how well everything’s put together.

David Beardsley
Senior Storage Architect, Cornell University

Read More
Boston Bruins & TD Garden

Wasabi’s reliable, affordable cutting-edge cloud data services are helping me innovate a guest experience that’s really going to wow our fans.

Josh Carley
Vice President of Technology, TD GardenSports

Read More
Next slide
Previous slide
Expanding what’s possible 

Wasabi makes storage easy so you can focus on what you do best.

Backup & recovery 

Affordable and secure offsite copies, available at a moment’s notice with no fees for testing, retrieval, or immutability. 

Backup better
Active media storage 

Fast, fee-free access to your media. Ideal for cloud tiering, archiving, and accelerating your media workflows. 

Free your files
Video surveillance 

Protect your surveillance footage, extend your on-prem capacity, and meet the most stringent compliance demands.

Store more footage
Data migration tools 

Whether you’re pushing petabytes off-prem or want out from expensive hyperscale clouds, we make it fast and affordable. We’ll even take care of your egress fees. 

Migration made easy
Multi-tenant management 

Sell, provision, and manage multiple sub-accounts. Wasabi Account Control Manager can even be customized with your logo and brand identity. 

Made for MSPs
Flexible payment models 

Enjoy low, predictable pricing whether you pay as you go or pay by PO. Choose Reserve Capacity Storage in 1,3, or 5-year increments and save even more. 

Pay your way
What's new at Wasabi
PRESS RELEASE

Wasabi Launches Covert Copy, a Completely Invisible and Indestructible Copy of Data for a Higher Level of Cloud Storage Security.

PRESS RELEASE

Wasabi Introduces High-Performance Class and Expands into Silicon Valley to Take on AI’s Rising Data Storage Costs.

ARTICLE

Everyone’s Talking About AI Compute—But It All Starts With Storage

ARTICLE

Why most AI projects flop - and how your business can beat the odds

PRESS RELEASE

Wasabi Technologies Achieves ISO/IEC 27001 Certification

Next slide
Previous slide
Join the Wasabi revolution

Haven't tried Wasabi yet? What are you waiting for?
Try it free for 30 days.

Contact Sales
Free Trial
Company
About Wasabi
Storage Regions
Newsroom
Press Releases
Trust Center
Leadership Team
Careers
Contact
Learn
All Resources
Blog
Case Studies
Webinars
Product Updates
Documentation
Integrations
Cloud 101
Support
Popular
Wasabi Hot Cloud Storage
Storage Management Tools
Security
Compliance
Cyber Resilience
Backup and Recovery
Become a Partner
System Status
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Legal
Web Accessibility Statement
Cookies Settings

© 2025 Wasabi Technologies

We Value Your Privacy

We’re in the business of protecting data, so you better believe we’ll protect your privacy. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to the use of cookies to help us enhance and personalize your user experience. For you “high verify” types, here’s our privacy policy.Privacy Policy

Cookies Settings