Homepage | The Washington Institute Skip to main content The Washington Institute for Near East Policy Menu Toggle Main Menu Homepage Main navigation Analysis Experts About Support Maps & Multimedia Trending: Military & Security Proliferation Israel Iran Lebanon Syria Toggle List of All Regions & Issues Regions & Countries Egypt Gulf States Iran Iraq Israel Jordan Lebanon Middle East North Africa Palestinians Syria Turkey Issues Arab & Islamic Politics Arab-Israeli Relations Democracy & Reform Energy & Economics Great Power Competition Gulf & Energy Policy Military & Security Peace Process Proliferation Terrorism U.S. Policy Close List of All Regions and Issues Close Search Policy Analysis TWI English TWI Arabic: اللغة العربية Fikra Forum Close Menu Close Search Policy Analysis Search Open image Webcast | Lebanon's Foreign Minister on Sovereignty, Disarmament & Peace Watch a special conversation with His Excellence Youssef Raggi, Minister of Foreign Affairs and Emigrants of the Republic of Lebanon. Learn more about this event. New Study The Hamas-Israel War: An Early Assessment Despite rhetoric to the contrary, neither side can claim a decisive win, and an uneasy status quo could persist as long as Trump, the ceasefire guarantors, and Israeli leaders keep a lid on their frustrations. Dec 23, 2025 ◆ Robert Satloff Israel's Prime Minister In Washington: Context Who Won the War? Defining victory in Gaza is hardly simple when Hamas is still armed, ruling nearly half the Strip, and flush with significant diplomatic achievements. Dec 28, 2025 ◆ Robert Satloff Iran’s Failing Eastward Pivot? The Limits and Risks of Russia-China Alignment Since the June war, Tehran has hastily doubled down on Russian and Chinese partnerships to weather sanctions and deter future attacks, but Moscow and Beijing are hesitant to invest deeply in return—and Washington should make sure they stay that way. Dec 30, 2025 ◆ Farzin Nadimi Maps & Graphics What One LPG Tanker Reveals About the Reliability of AIS Data in Hot Spots The vessel's tracked activities and suspicious data transmissions should be investigated for potential illicit transactions with Iran and the former Assad regime. Dec 23, 2025 ◆ Noam Raydan Tunisia’s Underdevelopment Problem Democratic backsliding, sluggish trade reforms, and other maladies have left the country's ports insufficiently attractive to investment heavyweights like the United States and China. Dec 24, 2025 ◆ Sabina Henneberg Peace in the Middle East—A Major Challenge for the United States Barring sustained U.S. efforts, Gaza’s de facto division into Hamas and Israeli zones will likely persist, and the ceasefire will be remembered as just the prelude to the next conflict. December 2025 ◆ Michael Singh Study: Inside Look at the New Syria Institutions and Governance in the New Syria: Continuity and Change from the Idlib Model The transitional leadership can claim several successes, but a shadow government, opaque economic practices, and uneven accountability for former regime crimes could undermine progress. Dec 4, 2025 ◆ Aaron Y. Zelin Building Peace Between Israel and Lebanon Maps & Graphics A Roadmap for Israel-Lebanon Peace Pursuing even incremental steps will be difficult in a country long dominated by Iran’s chief regional proxy, but the two countries’ leaders have cracked the door open for future diplomacy. Oct 28, 2025 ◆ Hanin Ghaddar Robert Satloff Ehud Yaari Institute Expertise on Arab-Israeli Relations Dennis Ross A diplomat with decades of experience in U.S. Middle East policy in the Reagan, Bush, Clinton, and Obama administrations, Ambassador Dennis Ross is the counselor and William Davidson Distinguished Fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. Dana Stroul A policy practitioner with extensive experience within the executive and legislative branches of the U.S. government, Dana Stroul is Director of Research and Kassen Senior Fellow at The Washington Institute. Ghaith al-Omari The former director of the American Task Force on Palestine, Ghaith al-Omari served as advisor to the negotiating team during the 1999–2001 permanent-status talks in addition to holding various other positions within the Palestinian Authority. David Makovsky A veteran journalist, author, academic, and diplomat, David Makovsky is the Ziegler Distinguished Fellow at The Washington Institute and director of the Koret Project on Arab-Israel Relations. In Focus: How Hezbollah Exploits Financial Corruption in Lebanon Maps & Graphics Cash Cabal: How Hezbollah Profits from Lebanon's Financial Crisis The Lebanese economy requires an urgent overhaul, and the international community must press for deep reforms. Jun 22, 2023 ◆ Samara Azzi Hanin Ghaddar Subscribe to receive the latest Washington Institute policy analysis in your email inbox. Recent Webcasts: Expert Policy Conversations Video The New Syria, Year Two: Rebuilding Institutions and Governance A former U.S. envoy to Syria joins an expert on President Sharaa’s ruling faction to discuss how Damascus should approach governance issues one year after the fall of Assad. Dec 5, 2025 ◆ Aaron Y. Zelin James Jeffrey Video Sharaa Goes to Washington A distinguished panel of experts and veteran diplomats sets the stage for the president’s historic White House visit, examining critical U.S., Israeli, and Syrian issues as well as lessons from past diplomatic efforts. Nov 7, 2025 ◆ James Jeffrey Michael Herzog Michael Jacobson Anna Borshchevskaya Video Is There a Pathway for Lebanon-Israel Peace? A Lebanese legislator explains why disarming Hezbollah and discussing peace terms with Israel is so crucial to his country’s future, while a separate expert panel discusses the roadblocks to progress. Nov 7, 2025 ◆ Fouad Makhzoumi Hanin Ghaddar Eran Lerman Interactive Map: ISIS Global Activity Under the leadership of jihadism scholar Aaron Zelin , a team of researchers at The Washington Institute has built the Islamic State Select Worldwide Activity Map , an interactive tool that provides a more accessible way to search, track, and understand the organization’s global reach. It represents the most comprehensive public archive of the group’s attack data, media output, government designations, and legal cases — information that is becoming invaluable as IS affiliates disperse into a wider range of jurisdictions and the U.S. government continues shifting resources away from the global counterterrorism fight. Access the interactive map. Open image Iranian External Operations Map and Timeline Access this powerful interactive tool, which maps over forty-five years of Iranian clandestine operations around the globe. Open image Recently in Fikra Forum Fikra Forum Fikra Forum Don’t Be Deceived by Reported Electoral Turnout: Analyzing Iraq’s Elections by the Numbers By comparing the outcome of Iraq's recent elections with the country's demographic trends, a clear difference emerges between the proportion of Iraqis whose votes are represented in the new parliament and the Iraqi population writ large. Dec 30, 2025 ◆ Munqith Dagher Fikra Forum Fikra Forum Restoring Direction: Iraq’s Renewed Political Path To prevent hawkish actors from once again seizing the initiative, Kurdish, Sunni Arab, and moderate Shia factions need to come together during the post-election period and work on fundamental tasks like implementing the constitution and strengthening institutions. Dec 15, 2025 ◆ Hajar Bashir Sadoon Mohammed Tatarkhan Fikra Forum Pro-Iran Militias Are the Big Winners in Iraq’s Election For many Iraqis who dreamed of a state built on the rule of law and robust institutions, the outcome of Nov 25, 2025 Fikra Forum Somoud, al-Fashir, and the Battle for Sudan’s Future A historic city has fallen, but if the world listens carefully, it may yet rise again as a catalyst for Nov 18, 2025 Arab Public Opinion 2014 to Today Maps & Graphics TWI Interactive Polling Platform Interactive datasets, from 2014 to today Jun 30, 2022 Maritime Spotlight Maps & Graphics What One LPG Tanker Reveals About the Reliability of AIS Data in Hot Spots The vessel's tracked activities and suspicious data transmissions should be investigated for potential illicit transactions with Iran and the former Assad regime. Dec 23, 2025 ◆ Noam Raydan Maps & Graphics Tracking Maritime Attacks in the Middle East Since 2019 An interactive map showing the extent to which Houthi forces, their Iranian military patrons, and other actors have been targeting vessels in regional waterways for years, including well before the Hamas-Israel war. Aug 3, 2024 ◆ Noam Raydan Farzin Nadimi In Focus: Great Power Competition and the Middle East Iran’s Failing Eastward Pivot? The Limits and Risks of Russia-China Alignment Since the June war, Tehran has hastily doubled down on Russian and Chinese partnerships to weather sanctions and deter future attacks, but Moscow and Beijing are hesitant to invest deeply in return—and Washington should make sure they stay that way. Dec 30, 2025 ◆ Farzin Nadimi Tunisia’s Underdevelopment Problem Democratic backsliding, sluggish trade reforms, and other maladies have left the country's ports insufficiently attractive to investment heavyweights like the United States and China. Dec 24, 2025 ◆ Sabina Henneberg Closing the Regulatory Gap in Trump’s Middle East Strategy The success of the administration’s new approach hinges on updating U.S. government tools and structures needed to fuel its ambitions Dec 16, 2025 America’s Toothless Sanctions on Russian Oil Moscow won’t feel the pain as long as China keeps buying, but Washington can change Beijing’s calculus by threatening to Nov 24, 2025 Homepage 1111 19th Street NW - Suite 500 Washington D.C. 20036 Tel: 202-452-0650 Fax: 202-223-5364 Footer contact links Contact Press Room Subscribe The Washington Institute seeks to advance a balanced and realistic understanding of American interests in the Middle East and to promote the policies that secure them. The Institute is a 501(c)3 organization; all donations are tax-deductible. Footer quick links About TWI Support the Institute Alumni Social media The Washington Institute on Facebook The Washington Institute on X The Washington Institute on YouTube The Washington Institute on LinkedIn © 2025 All rights reserved. Footer Employment Privacy Policy Rights & Permissions