Breaking News from Perth & Western Australia | WAtoday.com.au Breaking News from Perth & Western Australia | WAtoday.com.au We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later. Dismiss Skip to sections navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Advertisement Thursday, January 1, 2026 Open Navigation Menu WAtoday Perth Politics Business World Good Food Lifestyle Traveller Sport WAtoday close Search Site Sections Network Home Perth Western Australia Politics Show subsections Federal Western Australia NSW Victoria Queensland Business Show subsections Companies Markets Bulls N' Bears The economy Banking & finance Small business Media Workplace World Show subsections North America Europe Asia Middle East Oceania South America Africa National Show subsections NSW Victoria Queensland Opinion Property Show subsections News Living Auctions Financing Sport Show subsections AFL Rugby union Cricket Soccer Racing Tennis NRL Netball Basketball Motorsport Cycling Golf NFL Athletics Swimming Boxing Good Food Show subsections Recipes Tips & advice Eating out Drinks Culture Show subsections Movies TV & radio Music Celebrity Books Comedy Dance Musicals Opera Theatre Art & design Live reviews TV guide Lifestyle Show subsections Health & wellness Fashion Life & relationships Beauty Style Horoscopes Traveller Show subsections Destination guides Inspiration Reviews & advice Travel news Good Weekend Sunday Life Money Show subsections Super & retirement Investing Banking Borrowing Saving Tax Planning & budgeting Insurance Education Healthcare Environment Show subsections Conservation Climate change Sustainability Weather Technology Show subsections Video games Home tech Phones Gadgets Drive Campus Explainers Quizzes The Sydney Morning Herald The Age Brisbane Times WAtoday The Australian Financial Review Domain Commercial Real Estate Drive The Watchlist Find out the next TV, streaming series and movies to add to your must-sees. The Morning Edition podcast Start your day with expert insight into the stories that drive the nation. Greater Good newsletter Stories that will brighten your outlook, delivered weekly to your inbox. Perth Weather forecast Analysis WA Parliament The honeymoon period is over: What’s in store in WA politics in 2026 With the election settled, the start of 2026 looks very different to 2025 and each party faces unique challenges as we move into the guts of the Parliamentary term. Hamish Hastie Iran ‘Death to the dictator’: Biggest protests in years erupt across Iran Footage of a lone protester staring down security forces in Tehran has gone viral as protests spread rapidly across the country, fuelled by a rare alliance between two groups. Investigations Manager at bikie-linked security firm charged over threats to SMH  journalist Police allege the call was made the morning after MA Services Group collapsed into voluntary administration. New Year Where to watch New Year’s Eve fireworks across Perth WA is set for a hot and busy New Year’s Eve, with crowds expected to gather on beaches and foreshores to enjoy various fireworks displays across the state. Australian cricket ‘Lots of love and prayers’: Australian cricket great in induced coma The 54-year-old, who played 67 Tests for Australia between 1992 and 2006, was admitted last week after falling ill. City life Fireworks cancelled and money lost, but signs of hope for Bondi businesses Sydneysiders and tourists have been asked to “open their wallets” in a show of solidarity for a community torn by terror, while nearly 100 businesses have applied for grants. Updated Emergency services Man dead after boat flips off Sydney’s northern beaches, search under way for missing teen A man is dead, another is in hospital, and a search continues for a missing teenager after a “tragic boating incident” on New Year’s Eve. Bondi shooting Ex-Labor minister slams omission of word ‘antisemitism’ from Bondi review Opposition Leader Sussan Ley demands to know if national security agencies advised against a federal royal commission as the petition from senior legal figures swells past 200 names. Opinion Test cricket The social media whipping boy, cult hero and unlikely captain in our Test team of 2025 Only three players – Travis Head, Joe Root and Ravindra Jadeja – retained their places from last year, while seven have been named in this team for the first time, including a spinner many will not have heard of. Andrew Wu Sports Writer Review Ricky Gervais created two of TV’s greatest comedies. But his standup is slipping The Office legend’s latest special is another reminder that being funny seems to have dropped down his list of priorities. Opinion Test cricket The social media whipping boy, cult hero and unlikely captain in our Test team of 2025 Only three players – Travis Head, Joe Root and Ravindra Jadeja – retained their places from last year, while seven have been named in this team for the first time, including a spinner many will not have heard of. Andrew Wu Sports Writer Pop music Australian performer dumped from K-pop girl group The development follows a turbulent few months for the group, following an unsuccessful legal battle to get out of their contract. Streaming Staying home on NYE? Here are the best new movies to stream Some of these titles are well known, some are not. All are worth your consideration (even the laughably bad one). Analysis Royal family Sussexit? Harry and Meghan desperate to downplay staff exodus Of all the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s staff departures of recent years, the loss of a deeply loyal executive director will hit the hardest. Hannah Furness Regional guides The ultimate Good Food Guide to a summer road trip on the Mornington Peninsula From vineyards, general stores and breweries along the coastline to the cellar doors and picturesque farms of inland Red Hill, these are our favourite spots. Shares It’s been an underwhelming year on the ASX. Will 2026 be any better? While gold glittered, the local sharemarket underperformed its global peers. But fund managers and analysts see some promising opportunities for the year ahead. Travel tips Where to go in 2026, according to the experts Travel industry experts spill the secrets on the hottest destinations, must-do adventures, personal wish-lists and biggest trends shaping travel in 2026. Editor's Picks Sydney to Hobart French crew stripped of Sydney to Hobart victory as new overall winner named Exclusive Resolve Political Monitor Pauline Hanson, Barnaby Joyce zoom up the politicians’ likeability ladder Opinion Fossil fuels The future is electric: Hot metals are exposing the fossil fuel fantasy David Fickling and Ruth Pollard Advertisement Just in 15 minutes ago Analysis The honeymoon period is over: What’s in store in WA politics in 2026 The six weeks that would destroy John Howard’s prime ministership Superquiz, Thursday, January 1 US Congress threatens eSafety commissioner with contempt charges From our partners Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Advertisement Western Australia Opinion Places of Perth Is Fremantle’s ‘bogan cousin’ upstaging the port city? It wasn’t that long ago that South Fremantle was a semi-industrial wasteland compared with the cultural landscape and vibrant food scene of its neighbour up the road. Brendan Foster Contributor New Year Where to watch New Year’s Eve fireworks across Perth WA is set for a hot and busy New Year’s Eve, with crowds expected to gather on beaches and foreshores to enjoy various fireworks displays across the state. Inquest Supervision poor, but no one responsible for Perth bikie boss’ fatal cocaine overdose in lock-up: Coroner Rebels bikie boss Jamie Ginn died from cocaine toxicity while being held at the Perth Watch House, a coronial inquest has found. Fishing WA men charged over smelly protest at fishing minister’s office Three men have been charged after allegedly dumping shark heads outside the electoral office of Fisheries Minister Jackie Jarvis. Analysis WA Parliament The best roasts of 2025 in WA’s new parliament A re-energised and (slightly) better resourced opposition under Basil Zempilas has fired up their Parliamentary strategy and, in turn, prompted the Cook government to fight back a bit harder in the chamber. Hamish Hastie From our partners domain The ultimate guide to moving home Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content domain The ultimate guide to renting drive This SUV comes with Holden engineer-tuned suspension and it shows Politics Exclusive Bondi shooting Royal commission into antisemitism is premature and risky, says top barrister Robert Richter, KC, refused to sign the letter from senior members of the Australian Bar calling for a royal commission. Exclusive Resolve Political Monitor Pauline Hanson, Barnaby Joyce zoom up likeability ladder, new polling shows ALP Subsidies, sweeteners and price hikes: The changes that are coming on Jan 1 Bondi shooting ‘Line by line’: AFP’s ‘flying squad of hate disruptors’ combing sermons for incitement Business Opinion Fossil fuels Future is electric: Hot metals exposing fossil fuel fantasy The arrival of the Trump administration was seen by the carbon industry as an opportunity to demonstrate fossil fuels’ indispensability to the world. It didn’t work out that way. David Fickling and Ruth Pollard Shares It’s been an underwhelming year on the ASX. Will 2026 be any better? Start-ups Move over AI, seaweed is the new wonder product World markets Lacklustre ASX ends the year below global markets World Denmark Last post: Denmark calls time on ‘vintage’ letter service In a sign of the times, Denmark appears to be the first country where the official postal carrier will stop delivering letters. Cancer JFK’s granddaughter dies at 35 after rare cancer diagnosis Crime The reality TV winner, her secret lover and a deadly gift that arrived by courier Analysis Russia-Ukraine war Six words from Trump that had Zelensky – and the world – wincing Michael Koziol Advertisement Opinion What housing crisis? For most, there isn’t one – but look how the other third live Kate Shaw Urban geographer New laws aim to make Australian campuses safer The Herald's View Editorial Your mum and dad are influencers now too Andreea Papuc I’m an SPF50+ redhead. Walk a mile in my shoes, but never in daylight Perry Duffin Crime Reporter Explore Explainers Good Weekend Quiz Newsletters TV Guide Advertisement Property Domain Gardening How to get a harbourside garden, even if you don’t live near the water Garden designer Anthony Wyer says think of your garden like a house – “full of rooms”, each of which is a destination for a particular activity. Construction Why more home owners splashed out on a swimming pool in 2025 Our love of backyard dips is showing no signs of slowing, and there are options for a range of spaces and budgets. Property market How the property market finished 2025 in a way nobody expected Title Deeds Inside the multimillion-dollar property empire that Chemist Warehouse built Luxury property The five dreamiest beach houses for sale around the world right now Good Food Recipe collection Best of The slice is right: Good Food’s top 50 recipes of 2025, revealed Cookbook extracts A brown butter potato salad recipe that will convert the sceptics Cookbook extracts This creamy dip is too good to share with your guests Recipe collection Party season Katrina Meynink’s all-time greatest party snack recipes (and hacks) Lifestyle Friendship Love a chat with your barista? You could be feeding your social biome Many of us feel lonelier than ever. The small real-world interactions we take for granted could have more value than we realise. Prostate cancer Four myths discouraging men from seeking prostate cancer screening Sam Kerr Sam Kerr is getting married today. Here’s everything we know about the wedding Health A doctor’s guide to 10 science-backed tips to get healthier Family Do you have a favourite child? Before you say no, ask yourself these questions Culture Review New Year’s Day movies to watch: Jackman channels Neil Diamond, Ralph Fiennes’ choir drama and stylish sci-fi Welcome to our weekly wrap of what’s new in cinemas. Medicine ‘For whatever reason, I still keep going’: Richard Scolyer contemplates the future Exclusive Live music How social media took this protest singer from unknown to Grammy contender Streaming This actor was cast as Australia’s most notorious bank robber. Then he got a call from prison Film & TV production The actors and directors we are most excited about for 2026 Traveller Gold Coast The Gold Coast’s best hotels and resorts for different budgets Travel tips Where to go in 2026, according to the experts Collection Hotel reviews From Paris to Tassie, here are the top-rated hotels of 2025 Air travel Airlines investigate why passengers put lives at risk for their bags Drive drive When do double demerits start? Best new-car deals in December 2025 Honda commits to petrol engines for decades to come From Our Partners Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content stan Starring Sean Bean and Jack Patten, stream Robin Hood now, only on Stan. stan Bump: A Christmas Film is streaming now, only on Stan. Advertisement Sport AFL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Racing Tennis Australian cricket Gilchrist provides update on Damien Martyn after cricket great placed in induced coma The 54-year-old, who played 67 Tests for Australia between 1992 and 2006, was admitted last week after falling ill. Opinion Test cricket The social media whipping boy, cult hero and unlikely captain in our Test team of 2025 Only three players – Travis Head, Joe Root and Ravindra Jadeja – retained their places from last year, while seven have been named in this team for the first time, including a spinner many will not have heard of. Andrew Wu Sports Writer Sydney to Hobart French crew stripped of Sydney to Hobart victory as new overall winner named Skipper Jiang Lin has become the first woman to collect the famous Tattersall Cup for the Sydney to Hobart overall winner. The Ashes ‘You decide your destiny’: Why Michael Vaughan is urging Khawaja to bow out in Sydney Ashes-winning captain has weighed into the debate over Usman Khawaja’s future, and warned England they need to win well at the SCG to prove Bazball still has a pulse. United Cup After 20 years on tour, Wawrinka is keen to finally play in Perth Swiss tennis great Stan Wawrinka says he is looking forward to taking on some of the best players in world during the 2026 season despite announcing this upcoming tour would be his last. Test cricket ‘Devalues the future of cricket rights’: How two-day Tests may dent next broadcast deal Games that wrap up long before they are scheduled to have a significant financial impact on stakeholders such as Channel Seven and the Big Bash League. Exclusive Gymnastics Gymnastics Australia slammed for ‘sloppy’ bullying investigation of Olympic coach The National Sports Tribunal has cleared coach Olga Belooussov of seven allegations of bullying made on behalf of a then-17-year-old gymnast. Have Your Say Khawaja, Green, Healy and Perry. What does 2026 have in store for Australian cricket? It’s been a very Merry Christmas for the Australian Test team and national selectors with Ashes success well and truly ‘urned’, but the new year shapes as being a, shall we say, testing time. We take a look at what the future holds in Australian cricket in 2026. Jon Pierik More in Sport Cricket ‘I’m not a fan’: Hayden blasts Australian batting coach after MCG carnage Exclusive Sport Gymnastics Australia slammed for ‘sloppy’ bullying investigation of Olympic coach Opinion Cricket Bradman and co. knew toughness was part of Test cricket. Do today’s players? Cricket ‘Devalues the future of cricket rights’: How two-day Tests may dent next broadcast deal Analysis Cricket Ignore Melbourne – Brendon McCullum needs a win in Sydney to save his job Updated Cricket Controversial MCG pitch given ‘unsatisfactory’ grade by ICC Sport Explaining Australia’s enduring love affair with vintage sportswear Cricket Australia coach provides telling Khawaja update ahead of SCG Test Featured video Premier League Diogo Jota’s sons honoured by Liverpool fans at Anfield Advertisement Most Viewed today Loading WAtoday Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Our Sites WAtoday The Sydney Morning Herald The Age Brisbane Times The Australian Financial Review nine.com.au Domain Drive Classifieds Tributes Commercial Real Estate WAtoday Contact & support Advertise with us Newsletters Accessibility guide Sitemap Photo sales Content licensing Work with us Terms of use Privacy policy Press Council Charter of Editorial Independence AI Editorial Guidelines Products & Services Subscription packages My account Subscriber FAQs Copyright © 2026 Subscribe