WAVE BROWSER | Surf the web. Save the ocean. Wave Browser Home Features Wave Privacy Security Speed Gaming PDF Annotator Messaging Translate Price Tracking Package Tracking Wave PRO AI Ad Block About Support Blog Try For Free Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Wave Browser Surf the Web, Save the Ocean Our mission is to build a sustainable digital future, starting with the ocean. Wave Browser transforms everyday browsing into tangible environmental impact. Searches are powered by Yahoo by default, with the freedom to choose your preferred search engine anytime in settings. Download Wave Browser By clicking the "Download Wave Browser" button, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy Scroll down to learn more about our partnership with 4ocean As Seen On Our Product A Browser That Makes Every Session Count Wave operates like most browsers, earning revenue through partnerships and search engines. What makes us different is how we use it: funding ocean cleanup, not just profits. About Our Mission The Ultimate Browsing Suite Safe, Simple, Efficient, Adaptive and Ready For Anything. Wave has built-in Threat Shield for safer browsing, and comes with smart tab organization features to reduce clutter. Simple & User Friendly Intuitive Interface Clean design that works the way you think Productivity Smart Tab Organizer Less clutter, more focus, browse with purpose Safe & Secure Built-in Threat Shield Protection from potentially aggressive extensions and unsecured websites Adaptive & Personalized Custom Experience Make it yours today, and watch it grow with you Download Wave Browser By clicking the "Download Wave Browser" button, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy Our Features Smart Tools for a Sustainable Digital Future Every day, millions of tabs drain memory, burn battery, and waste energy. Wave was designed to do more, with less: Built-in Ad Blocker 01 Fewer distractions, faster loading, and lighter on the planet. AI Assistant 02 Ask questions, translate text, or find what you need without leaving the page. Memory Saver Mode 03 Automatically reduces background resource usage from inactive tabs, saving energy and extending your device battery life. View All Features Our Partnership At Wave, we believe technology should create real-world good. That's why we've partnered with 4ocean — a globally recognized company dedicated to ending the ocean plastic crisis. Together, we're turning everyday browsing into meaningful environmental action. 7,500 Pounds of Ocean-Bound Waste Removed This November 11/28/2025 7,500 Pounds of Ocean Plastic and Trash Removed in October 10/24/2025 Wave Browser x 4ocean: 7,509 Pounds of Ocean Trash Removed in September 10/10/2025 Read Wave's Blog Our Promise Real Impact. Backed by action. 0 pounds of trash removed from the ocean by 2028 Wave Browser funds global ocean cleanup across the US, Carribean, & Indonesia Equivalent to the weight of 14 million single-use plastic bottles 0 + Total trash removed from the ocean, rivers, and coastlines by the 4ocean community Certifications Why Millions Trust Wave Browser: Verified Reviews & Safety Certifications Wave Browser Reviews Wave Browser Reviews Wave Browser Reviews Join the Movement Start Browsing With Purpose Unleash speed, security, and seamless surfing. Plus, every session helps clean the ocean. Discover the power of Wave Browser, download now! Download Wave Browser By clicking the "Download Wave Browser" button, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy Proven Results Loved By Our Community Wave is proud to be one of the first browsers using revenue for ocean clean-up. Listen to the voice of the Wave community. Eco-friendly browser I use Wave Browser because it has everything I need from a browser and helps clean the ocean T Tired_gorilla From App Store My default browser I've been using Wave Browser as my default browser for a while now, and it's been helping me a lot with being more productive thanks to the sidebar. I can work or study while using the built-in tools like Notes, Converter, Reading List, WhatsApp, and other socials in multi-split view, and I love it! DANIELA F PEREIRA From Trustpilot No clutter No clutter, just impact. I love it I illusive From Google Play Store Just What I Needed! A secure browser with a purpose, that's what I needed C CassDReviews From App Store Wave Browser My overall experience of the Wave Browser is that I love using a new browser and at the same time, helping by saving the planet one step at a time. K Kivon S. From SourceForge Good browser I believe it might be faster than Safari and even supports more websites Y Yousef Aljuboori From App Store I'm excited to use this browser Honestly, I'm excited that my browsing helps the oceans; it's a unique social good. Functionally, Split View saves me time and allows me to compare information without constantly switching tabs. L Lizz A. From SourceForge Always find what I'm looking for. K Kathleen Metzger From Trustpilot Wave Browser Stay Updated Get the latest updates and tips delivered to your inbox. Subscribe This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Features Privacy Security Speed Ad Blocker Gaming Product Why Wave Features Extensions Download Devices Windows Mac iOS Android Help Support Terms Privacy Cookie Policy Refund Policy Consent Preferences Do Not Share or Sell My Personal Information Company About Blog Sitemap Devices Windows Mac iOS Android Follow us