Wave: Small Business Software - Wave Financial Skip to Main Content Solutions Stay organized & tax-ready Accounting Track income and expenses for more accurate books Receipts Scan and store receipts to track and organize expenses Mobile app Manage invoices, expenses, and receipts on-the-go Get paid Invoicing Send professional invoices and wow clients Estimates & Deposits Create estimates and collect deposits to secure projects Payments Accept credit cards and bank payments to get paid fast Pay yourself & your team Payroll Run payroll for employees or contractors with peace of mind Let Wave do the heavy-lifting Pro plan Look polished and save time on admin tasks Advisors Pricing Resources Blog Bookkeeping & Accounting Small business taxes Business planning Cash flow Financial statements Entrepreneurship Tax season prep Small business tax season guide Tax season checklist What is a profit and loss statement? What is a balance sheet? Bookkeeping how-tos Small business bookkeeping guide Daily bookkeeping checklist Month-end accounting checklist What is a cash flow statement? Compare Wave Wave vs. QuickBooks Wave vs. Honeybook Wave vs. Freshbooks Wave vs. Xero Wave vs. Zipbooks Wave vs. Sage Support How support works Help center Status page Log in Get started for free Get started for free Your account Solutions Back Stay organized & tax-ready Accounting Track income and expenses for more accurate books Receipts Scan and store receipts to track and organize expenses Mobile app Manage invoices, expenses, and receipts on-the-go Get paid Invoicing Send professional invoices and wow clients Estimates & Deposits Create estimates and collect deposits to secure projects Payments Accept credit cards and bank payments to get paid fast Pay yourself & your team Payroll Run payroll for employees or contractors with peace of mind Advisors Pricing Resources Back Support How support works Help center Status page Blog Compare Wave Wave vs. QuickBooks Wave vs. Honeybook Wave vs. Freshbooks Wave vs. Xero Wave vs. Zipbooks Wave vs. Sage Let Wave do the heavy-lifting Pro plan Look polished and save time on admin tasks Back Blog Bookkeeping & Accounting Small business taxes Business planning Cash flow Financial statements Entrepreneurship Tax season prep Small business tax season guide Tax season checklist What is a profit and loss statement? What is a balance sheet? Bookkeeping how-tos Small business bookkeeping guide Daily bookkeeping checklist Month-end accounting checklist What is a cash flow statement? Log in Get started for free Get started for free Your account Get started for free 4.6 Simple money management solutions Manage your money like a boss Wave lets small business owners like you create beautiful invoices, accept online payments, and make accounting easy—all in one place. Wave lets small business owners like you create beautiful invoices, accept online payments, and make accounting easy—all in one place. Get started for free Your account More reasons to love Wave More reasons to love Wave Make bookkeeping and tax time easy with solutions that are affordable, small biz friendly, and—dare we say—fun to use. No sweat accounting Track income and expenses, manage cash flow, and access reporting that’ll help you make smart business decisions. Easy invoicing Create beautiful, professional invoices and estimates in only a few clicks and wow your customers. Secure online payments Give your customers the choice of quickly paying you using credit card, bank transfer, or Apple Pay. Painless payroll Reliably pay employees and yourself and manage contractors without worrying about the complicated legal stuff. Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more No sweat accounting Track income and expenses, manage cash flow, and access reporting that’ll help you make smart business decisions. Easy invoicing Create beautiful, professional invoices and estimates in only a few clicks and wow your customers. Secure online payments Give your customers the choice of quickly paying you using credit card, bank transfer, or Apple Pay. Painless payroll Reliably pay employees and yourself and manage contractors without worrying about the complicated legal stuff. Painless payroll Reliably pay employees and yourself and manage contractors without worrying about the complicated legal stuff. Ask an expert Get by with a little 1:1 help Our (non-judgmental) in-house team of bookkeeping, accounting, and payroll experts is standing by to coach you—or do the work for you. Learn more about Advisors Ask an expert Get by with a little 1:1 help Our (non-judgmental) in-house team of bookkeeping, accounting, and payroll experts is standing by to coach you—or do the work for you. Learn more about Advisors Over 350,000 small businesses trust Wave to easily button-up their books Over 300,000 small businesses trust Wave Tatiyanna W. TruCreates.com "Wave makes your life a whole lot easier and takes that worry off you. I've tried Quickbooks—it's a bit more complicated and technical, and takes more time to set up." Eric Silverberg & Eli Gladstone Speaker Labs “Wave’s invoicing is unbeatable. In eight years, we haven’t had a single unpaid invoice , thanks to how easy it is to create, send, and follow up. Our invoicing process would be lost without it!” Robbie Katherine Anthony Euphoria LGBT Inc. App Development "It’s not just a cool piece of software, it is giving peace of mind to people. You deserve to know your taxes aren't something you have to sweat over the entire calendar year." Get started for free Spend more time on what you love Breathe that sigh of relief With everything in one place, there’s no need to endlessly research solutions or stare at spreadsheets until your eyes glaze over. Plus, our features are designed to work together, meaning less to worry about. Make it without the fake it Unlike other software, Wave is built for small business owners and solopreneurs at every stage—not accountants—so it’s easy for you to use. Look and feel polished, keep your books organized, and kick tax season’s butt, whether you’re a newbie or seasoned pro. Be the wiz of your biz Keep tabs on your cash flow, know who owes you and who you owe, and access important reports to stay in the know—even on-the-go, with our mobile app, the convenient companion to your desktop experience. Spend more time on what you love Breathe that sigh of relief With everything in one place, there’s no need to endlessly research solutions or stare at spreadsheets until your eyes glaze over. Plus, our features are designed to work together, meaning less to worry about. Make it without the fake it Unlike other software, Wave is built for small business owners and solopreneurs at every stage—not accountants—so it’s easy for you to use. Look and feel polished, keep your books organized, and kick tax season’s butt, whether you’re a newbie or seasoned pro. Be the wiz of your biz Keep tabs on your cash flow, know who owes you and who you owe, and access important reports to stay in the know—even on-the-go, with our mobile app, the convenient companion to your desktop experience. Built for small business owners like you Built for small business owners like you Freelancers Pay your staff (and yourself!) with confidence. Tru Williams Photographer/Videographer Solopreneurs Get tidy books for tax time—one less thing to worry about. Dae Dae the poet Contractors Fire off professional invoices and estimates in minutes. Troy Styke Crystal Clean Window Cleaning Consultants Set up recurring invoices and payments for repeat clients. Sarah Stockdale Growclass Founder Built for small business owners like you Freelancers Pay your staff (and yourself!) with confidence. Tru Williams Photographer/Videographer Solopreneurs Get tidy books for tax time—one less thing to worry about. Dae Dae the poet Contractors Fire off professional invoices and estimates in minutes. Troy Styke Crystal Clean Window Cleaning Consultants Set up recurring invoices and payments for repeat clients. Sarah Stockdale Growthclass Founder From the blog Tax credits and deductions for sole proprietors — 2025 guide Filing Schedule C? Learn the top 2025 deductions and tax credits—home office, mileage, Section 179, self-employed health insurance, retirement, and more—plus how Wave keeps you organized and IRS-ready. How to file self-employment taxes in Canada — 2025 guide Self-employed in Canada? Learn how to file your taxes: T2125, CPP/QPP, GST/HST, instalments, and deductions—plus how Wave helps you stay organized and CRA-ready. How to file taxes as a sole proprietor in Canada (2025 guide) Filing taxes as a sole proprietor in Canada? Learn how to report income with Form T2125, pay CPP and income tax, and track business deductions. Wave helps Canadian freelancers stay organized and tax-ready. How to file taxes as a sole proprietor (in the US) Filing taxes as a sole proprietor? Learn how to report income on Schedule C, pay self-employment taxes, and track deductions. Wave helps you stay organized and tax-ready. How to file taxes as an LLC: Step-by-step guide for small business owners Learn how to file taxes for your LLC with this step-by-step guide. Understand tax classifications, forms, deadlines, and how Wave can help you stay organized and compliant. Your business, your way—with a little help from Wave Everything we build starts with one question: How can Wave help you run your business with more ease and confidence? Browse by category Bookkeeping & Accounting Business planning Cash flow Entrepreneurship Financial statements Small business taxes How does Wave compare to other accounting and invoicing software? Wave vs. HoneyBook Wave vs. QuickBooks Wave vs. FreshBooks Wave vs. ZipBooks Wave vs. Xero Wave vs. Sage Frequently Asked Questions Expand all Collapse all Is Wave's software something I need to install? Wave's tools are web-based, so you just need an Internet connection and browser—no installation is necessary for our online software! ‍ If you're looking for an on-the-go solution, you can install our mobile app to help you manage invoices and payments. Download our mobile app on iOS and Android today! What if I just want to try Wave to see if it works for my business? Sign up for the Starter Plan to take the bookkeeping and invoicing basics for a spin. Then, whenever you’re ready, upgrade to the Pro Plan to unlock even more money management features. Our plans are built for small business owners at every stage! Can I change plans easily? You bet! To upgrade to the Pro Plan , sign into Wave. Visit your dashboard or use your invoicing or accounting features, and click the “Upgrade now” button. Learn more about changing subscription periods and plan types in our Help Center. Is my data secure when I use Wave? Our servers are protected physically and electronically. Any connections between you, your bank accounts, and Wave are protected by 256-bit SSL encryption. Wave is a PCI-DSS Level 1 Service Provider. Do you provide customer support? We provide different levels of support, depending on the plan and/or the add-on features you choose. Learn more about how Wave support works here . Is it easy to cancel for any reason after I subscribe? Yes, you can unsubscribe at any time! The cancellation of your subscription will take effect at the end of the billing period in which you cancel. Learn how to cancel your subscription in our Help Center. You didn't start your business to be a bookkeeper You didn't start your business to be a bookkeeper Get started for free You didn't start your business to be a bookkeeper Get started for free Features Accounting Invoicing Estimates Wave app Receipts Payments Payroll Advisors Pricing Credit card payments Bank payments Recurring billing Wave About Us Careers Press Become an affiliate Sitemap Helpful Links Blog Help Center Invoice templates Estimate templates Accounting education center Payroll education center QuickBooks alternative Freelance Hub Small business study Support & Tools How support works System status Accounting calculators Invoicing generators Payroll calculators Copyright © 2010-2025 Wave Financial Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Legal Disclosures Security Licensing Accessibility Social Media Disclaimer Privacy Choices Back to top