New name. Same commitment to helping every student find a way.
Wayground FAQ
School & District
Plans
Library
Math Practice
New
For Business
Get a Quote
Enter code
Log in
Sign up
Quizizz is now
Wayground

Bridge classroom realities and curriculum expectations with the platform that’s AI-supported, but teacher-first.

TEACHERS
Sign up for free
ADMINISTRATORS
Get in touch
ELA
Math
Science
Social Studies
Elementary
Reading
Test Prep
Writing
Career & Technical Education
Foreign Language
Trusted by teachers in 90% of U.S. schools and 150+ countries.
Get any resource and adapt it to your needs

Dive into a library of resources that are standards-aligned and mapped to your curriculum

Use AI to differentiate any material so that it’s just-right for each student

Import and customize your own trusted materials with dozens of question types and formats

Create aha moments for each student

Motivate every student, not just the loudest or the fastest

Vary the student experience across dozens of formats, modes, and question types

Get clear data (for you and for them) that celebrates progress

Accommodate students without singling them out

Assign 25+ modifications and accommodations unique to each student

Set accommodations once and they're applied automatically moving forward

Adjust reading levels for groups of students and individuals

OUR APPROACH TO AI
AI Where It Counts

Amplify shared human experiences, not digital isolation

Respect teacher agency, while also saving time

Prioritize privacy and impact

No more password juggling or missing assignments

Wayground connects seamlessly to your school’s existing ecosystems.

Get verified student data protection

We're committed to responsible technology that puts educator and student privacy first. With enterprise-grade security, comprehensive data protection, and signed agreements that ensure your information remains yours.

Learn more

“Our LAB-AIDS Science Curriculum is awesome, but the tests are painful and not engaging for students, so I use Wayground to build new assessments over the material we cover in our units. I'm thankful the tools Wayground offers encourages actual knowledge acquisition rather than offering punitive grades for lack of content knowledge on a particular day.”

Janelle Snyder

Middle School Teacher (Idaho)

“Wayground gives my students the opportunity to interact with the content and not just 'watch me teach'. I have actually taught an entire geometry class exclusively using Wayground because of the ability to use it for in-class as well as homework activities.”

Marcus Sanders

High School Math Teacher (Virginia)

“Wayground allows me to see which students are really struggling with a concept, and I can provide extra intervention immediately. My school has improved pass rates by over 20% in the last few years, and I attribute a large portion of our success to this review strategy on Wayground!”

Shaunna Young

Middle School Science Teacher (Virginia)

“I love using Wayground for assessment review and also as intervention for extra practice on skills that my students are struggling with. I love that I can customize the questions and offer multiple ways for students to answer so I can pinpoint students by standard.”

Janette Capson

6th Grade English Teacher (Utah)

“From the highest level learner to the lowest level learner, all students gain knowledge from using Wayground. It is great to see them having fun while they are learning.”

Sharon Brown

5th Grade ELA Teacher (North Carolina)

Hear it from the desks that matter most
Find your way forward
TEACHERS
Sign up free
ADMINS
Get a quote
Accessibility
School & District
Blog
For Business
About us
Webinars
Help Center
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Privacy Center
Careers
Press Kit
2025 Quizizz Inc. (DBA Wayground)
English