Waymo - Self-Driving Cars - Autonomous Vehicles - Ride-Hail Skip to main content Rides Rides The world’s first autonomous ride-hailing service Our service Where we operate How it works Technology Waymo Driver The World’s Most Experienced Driver™ Our Technology About Company Our mission: Be the world’s most trusted driver Our History Latest Updates Press Resources Waymo Leadership Safety Safety Because Safety is Urgent™ Safety at Waymo Safety Research Safety Impact Community Community Supporting and empowering communities Community Voices Community Partners Community Impact Careers Careers Find your drive Why Waymo Working at Waymo Teams Early Careers Benefits Open Roles The World’s Most  Experienced Driver We’re on a mission to be the world's most trusted driver. Making it safer, more accessible, and more sustainable to get around — without the need for anyone in the driver’s seat. Take an autonomous ride Your web browser does not support this video. Meet Waymo The world’s first autonomous ride-hailing service Be one of the first The world’s first autonomous ride-hailing service Features 10M+ rides served And counting - with a 93% satisfaction rate from our riders.* An experience second to none Your ride, your way - safe, private and sustainable. Available 24/7 Day or night, we'll get you  where you need to go. San Francisco Bay Area, CA San Francisco Bay Area, CA Los Angeles, CA Los Angeles, CA Seattle, WA Seattle, WA San Diego, CA San Diego, CA Las Vegas, NV Las Vegas, NV Phoenix, AZ Phoenix, AZ Denver, CO Denver, CO San Antonio, TX San Antonio, TX Austin, TX Austin, TX Dallas, TX Dallas, TX Houston, TX Houston, TX Minneapolis, MN Minneapolis, MN St Louis, MO St Louis, MO New Orleans, LA New Orleans, LA Nashville, TN Nashville, TN Detroit, MI Detroit, MI Atlanta, GA Atlanta, GA Pittsburgh, PA Pittsburgh, PA Tampa, FL Tampa, FL Orlando, FL Orlando, FL Buffalo, NY Buffalo, NY Miami, FL Miami, FL Washington, DC Washington, DC Baltimore, MD Baltimore, MD Philadelphia, PA Philadelphia, PA New York, NY New York, NY Boston, MA Boston, MA United States of America Tokyo, Japan Tokyo, Japan Japan London, UK London, UK United Kingdom Where Waymo is driving Download and ride Serving Riders In Atlanta, GA Ride on Uber Austin, TX Ride on Uber Los Angeles, CA Phoenix, AZ San Francisco Bay Area, CA Download and ride Up Next Dallas, TX Denver, CO Detroit, MI Houston, TX Las Vegas, NV London, UK Miami, FL Nashville, TN Orlando, FL San Antonio, TX San Diego, CA Washington, DC Sign up for updates Driving Experience In Baltimore, MD Buffalo, NY Boston, MA Minneapolis, MN New Orleans, LA New York, NY Philadelphia, PA Pittsburgh, PA Seattle, WA St Louis, MO Tampa, FL Tokyo, Japan Sign up for updates Serving Riders In Atlanta, GA Ride on Uber Austin, TX Ride on Uber Los Angeles, CA Phoenix, AZ San Francisco Bay Area, CA Download and ride Up Next Dallas, TX Denver, CO Detroit, MI Houston, TX Las Vegas, NV London, UK Miami, FL Nashville, TN Orlando, FL San Antonio, TX San Diego, CA Washington, DC Sign up for updates Driving Experience In Baltimore, MD Buffalo, NY Boston, MA Minneapolis, MN New Orleans, LA New York, NY Philadelphia, PA Pittsburgh, PA Seattle, WA St Louis, MO Tampa, FL Tokyo, Japan Sign up for updates Why they ride with Waymo The fact that Waymo provides convenience, prioritizes safety, and is committed to sustainability makes it by far my favorite mode of transportation. Eva, San Francisco Learn why Eva chooses Waymo I like being able to relax, not worry about having a stressful commute, and not having to question the driver’s decision-making abilities. Sophia, Phoenix Check out why Sophia prefers riding with Waymo It worked so well that instead of making one trip to prove a point, I decided to replace some of my weekly driving trips with Waymo. David, Phoenix Learn why David chooses Waymo My rides with Waymo are consistently safe. It is almost as if I hail the exact same vehicle each time. Maya, San Francisco Hear more about Maya's rides It gives me, a person who’s blind, the opportunity to travel with the same spontaneity, the same independence, and the same autonomy as everyone else. Ron, Phoenix Hear how Ron moves with Waymo Sign up for updates to get the latest on Waymo, our technology, and where we’re headed next. Sign up Waymo Driver Meet the technology behind it all We're designing the Waymo Driver, our autonomous technology, to give people a new kind of freedom — to go where they want, when they want, while making the frustrations and concerns with driving a thing of the past. Explore the Waymo Driver Why we’re here 1.19 million deaths worldwide due to vehicle crashes every year 42,514 road deaths in the U.S. in 2022 $836B in harm from loss of life and injury each year Compared to an average human driver over the same distance in our operating cities, the Waymo Driver had: 90 % Fewer serious injury or worse crashes 27 fewer 90% Fewer serious injury or worse crashes (27 fewer) 82 % Fewer airbag deployment in any vehicle crashes 173 fewer 82% Fewer airbag deployment in any vehicle crashes (173 fewer) 81 % Fewer injury-causing crashes 411 fewer 81% Fewer injury-causing crashes (411 fewer) Explore more in our safety dashboard Our commitment to safety Autonomous vehicles mean nothing without safe driving. Our priority is to ensure the Waymo Driver offers a safe road experience for those inside — and outside — our vehicles. View our Safety Report and White Papers Our mission: Be the world’s most trusted driver At Waymo, we believe the status quo is not acceptable. Our mission is to innovate beyond the impossible in order to save lives that are tragically lost to traffic crashes. We are driven to provide inclusive mobility that offers freedom of movement for all, working with our partners and communities to create an ecosystem that is sustainable, efficient, and audacious. We are passionate about improving the state of our planet to make it better than we found it. About our company Careers at Waymo Footnotes *Rider satisfaction is based on the percent of 4 & 5 star ratings to date. FAQ Waymo for Business Blog Privacy Policy Research Terms Legal Zero Tolerance First Responders Safety Publications Waymo Community Contact Us Waymo Help Center Notice to CA Residents Sustainability Sign up for updates to get the latest on Waymo. Sign up Select language English Español Filipino 日本語 中文（简体中文） 中文（繁體中文） Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Waymo may disclose user personal information to third parties to tailor advertising and offers to your interests. Such disclosures may be considered “sales” or “sharing” of personal information under the laws described above. You may opt-out of these below. If you opt out, Waymo will not disclose your personal information to third parties for purposes of tailoring advertising or offers to your interests. Note that any choice you make here will only affect this website on this browser and device . To learn more about how your data is shared, view our Privacy Policy page . © 2019-2025 Waymo LLC