Skip to site menu
Skip to main content
	
Events Parents Faculty Alumni
Login	
Search:
Search
About Admissions and aid Programs Campus Research Students Athletics Libraries
GIVE
now
WARRIOR PRIDE
Furthering discovery, with $294M in annual research and development expenditures.
Wayne State University
Detroit-powered discovery

Wayne State research ignites innovation that drives progress and transforms lives. Our faculty and students advance life-saving medicine, pioneer new technologies, redefine the future of mobility and create purpose-driven solutions for an ever-changing world.

About
Admissions and aid
Programs
Campus experience
Today@Wayne
2025 year in review
Celebrating our 2025 graduates
Detroit Artists Market collects, connects and cultivates art alumni and students
Powering innovation through artificial intelligence
New streamlined Kalamazoo-to-WSU pathway for eligible students announced
More news
Events
JANUARY 16, 2026, 10 A.M. TO NOON
A Tribute to the Life and Legacy of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
JANUARY 14
International student coffee hour
FEBRUARY 6
Julius Caesar
MARCH 27
The SpongeBob Musical
APRIL 17
Paradise Lost
More events
#MyWSUStory
Spotlight of the day
Sunday, December 28, 2025
My favorite study spot
WSU Spotlight of the Daysubmittedby BrooklynRuffler.Share your photos and videos.
Today I graduated from @waynestate with a BFA in Graphic Design! 💚⭐️ Words cannot express how much I appreciate the support I've received from family and friends along this journey! <333 Special thank you to myself for strongly pushing through despite it all in order to achieve this milestone 🫶🏽 Thank you for all the celebratory wishes! Can't wait to see what the future holds... 💚
what the sign says!!! 🎓💚 next degree incoming… #mywsustory #waynestate
Many congratulations to the @waynestate Creative Warriors Class of 2025! Your passion, creativity and resilience are an inspiration to us all. Now, the world gets to see what you can do. We have no doubt you will go out and do amazing things, and we can't wait to hear all about your adventures, wins and growth. 💚💛 @artatwayne @wsu_com @waynestatemusic @theatreanddanceatwayne @waynestategalleries #commencement #graduation #artsdegree classof2025 art communication dance design music theatre waynestateuniversity CreativeWarriors
And, done! 💚👐💛Wayne State Department of CommunicationWayne State University
Thank you Jesus. 🥰 #grad2025 #mywsustory
Bachelors of Science ✅ I could not of done it without my amazing parents, friends, and family. Onto the next degree👩🏾‍⚕️🥼
Wayne State University
42 W. Warren Ave.
Detroit, MI 48201

313-577-2424
Made with 💚 in Detroit
Alumni
Current students
Faculty resources
Leadership
Newly admitted
Parents
Staff
Accessibility
Campus map
Directories
Inclusive Excellence
Giving
Libraries
Social media
Annual security report
Campus safety information and resources
Careers
Consumer information
Research Universities for Michigan (RU4M)
WDET 101.9 fm Detroit Public Radio

Privacy and University Policies

	

Wayne State University © 2025