Skip to content
About WBCSD
Who we are
What we do
How we do it
Governance
Imperatives
Value Chains
Vision 2050
Corporate Performance & Accountability
Education
How to
Accelerate emissions reduction
Be the voice of leading business
Become more circular
Collaborate to transform value chains
Cultivate sustainable agriculture
Finance the transition
Get ahead of physical risk
Halt and reverse nature loss
Improve buildings ​and transport
Improve corporate performance & accountability
Learn and educate
Manage materials and deal with pollution
Put people in focus
What’s new
News
Resources
Events
Tools & materials
What's new
Dr. Ilham Kadri appointed Chair of WBCSD

The climate emergency, nature loss and mounting inequality are converging…

Financial quantification: applying return and cash-flow methods

Introduction: always model the counterfactual To compete for capital, sustainability…

Landscape Accelerator Brazil: Turning Ambition into Action 

Brazil’s Cerrado and Amazon landscapes are at the heart of…

 
Become a member
 
Actions
Actors
Members
Global network
About us
Who we are
What we do
How we do it
Our history
Our people
Vision 2050
Governance
Education
Sector initiatives
Forest Solutions Group (FSG)
Tire Industry Project (TIP)
Resources
All
Case studies
Publications
Podcasts
Videos
Events
All
Past events
News
All
General
Insights from the CEO
Member spotlight
WBCSD insights
Tools & materials
Careers
Contact Us
1 / 3
WBCSD launches the Nature Action Portal

Drive business action and accountability on nature

Explore more

View all WBCSD tools and materials

2 / 3
Global Circularity Protocol for Business (GCP)

A global framework to measure, manage and communicate business circularity

Explore more

View all WBCSD tools and materials

3 / 3
Reporting Matters 2025

Embedding change, accelerating impact

Explore more

View all WBCSD tools and materials

WBCSD launches the Nature Action Portal Global Circularity Protocol for Business (GCP) Reporting Matters 2025

The World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) is the leading community of global businesses making sustainability performance a key driver for competitiveness.

Learn more about us

What are your strategic priorities?
Explore how WBCSD can help

Corporate performance & accountability (CP&A)

Accelerate emissions reduction, generate business value

Invest in nature. Future-proof your business

Build the skills to lead the transition

Align agriculture with climate and nature goals

Measure what matters. Accelerate circular impact

How WBCSD members are driving real sustainability change

All success stories

Deloitte Global’s 2025 C-suite Sustainability Survey: From intention to impact

Sustainability continues to hold a prominent place on the C-suite agenda. Deloitte Global’s 2025 survey of over 2,100 executives across 27 countries—now in its fourth (…)

The Profit of Preparedness: Resilience in Supply Chains, Finance, and AI

After an unprecedented summer marked by intense heatwaves, devastating floods, and disrupted logistics, the concept of resilience has become more than just a theoretical idea; (…)

Embedding Sustainability: The Key to Business Resilience

When sustainability is fully embedded into governance, strategy, and operations, it transforms from a side project into a driver of competitive strength. Resilience isn’t about (…)

All success stories
Join 250+ companies
leading the transformation to sustainable business

Be part of a powerful global network driving systems change. At WBCSD, we unite companies to scale impact, shape policy and unlock solutions for a thriving, net-zero, nature-positive, and equitable future-together.

Explore our impact Meet our members
Turning sustainability into your strongest business advantage
drive growth, resilience and long-term value

“30 years ago, we made a choice. To give business a voice on sustainability. Since then, we’ve built the tools, led breakthrough innovations, and proven that action drives real change. But the challenges ahead are real - record heat, geopolitical uncertainty, and the rising cost of inaction. Business must lead the way. The tools are ready. The business case is real. Now it’s time to step up.”

Latest tools and materials
All topics Corporate Performance and Accountability Avoided emissions Regenerative Agriculture Roadmaps to Nature Positive

View All

Publication 17 Dec, 2025
Soft Commodities Forum 2025 Annual Report 

Scaling Deforestation- and Conversion-Free (DCF) Soy Across the Cerrado  The 2025 Annual Report of the Soft Commodities Forum (SCF) outlines the shared commitment to decouple (…)

Publication 11 Dec, 2025
Sustainability and Company Value

Businesses are navigating a period of transition where sustainability performance is gaining recognition in financial markets. This report examines how far that recognition extends, where (…)

Publication 4 Dec, 2025
Trusted Fields, Connected Futures: The Case for Global Field ID

The agri-food system is at a crossroads, facing the dual challenge of meeting rising food demand while addressing urgent environmental issues such as soil degradation, (…)

Publication 11 Dec, 2025
Sustainability and Company Value

Businesses are navigating a period of transition where sustainability performance is gaining recognition in financial markets. This report examines how far that recognition extends, where (…)

Publication 18 Sep, 2025
Physical Risk and Resilience in Value Chains

In September 2025, WBCSD and BCG —in collaboration with several WBCSD members — launched the CEO Handbook for Executive Engagement on physical risk and resilience (…)

Publication 18 Sep, 2025
Show me the (sustainable) money

The headline volume of assets that are managed according to sustainable investment and ESG principles is large and growing rapidly as the growth of client and regulatory interest in the area encourages all asset managers to claim that they are proficient at managing assets in this way.

Publication 17 Sep, 2025
Avoided Emissions in the Agriculture & Food Sector

Agriculture and food systems account for roughly one-third of global GHG emissions. WBCSD’s new sectoral guidance, Avoided Emissions in the Agriculture & Food Sector, equips (…)

Publication 17 Sep, 2025
Avoided Emissions in the Built Environment

The built environment accounts for about 40% of global CO₂ emissions, making it a critical sector for climate action. This new WBCSD sector guidance, Avoided (…)

Publication 24 Jul, 2025
Guidance on Avoided Emissions v2.0: Drive Innovations and Scale Solutions Toward Net Zero

We have updated our Guidance on Avoided Emissions to better support businesses and investors who want to assess and communicate the impact of their low-carbon (…)

Publication 4 Dec, 2025
Trusted Fields, Connected Futures: The Case for Global Field ID

The agri-food system is at a crossroads, facing the dual challenge of meeting rising food demand while addressing urgent environmental issues such as soil degradation, (…)

Publication 1 Dec, 2025
Policies for Protein-Diverse Food Systems: A Business Perspective  

Protein diversification – the intentional shift toward a broader, balanced mix of protein sources – is central to transforming food systems in response to sustainability (…)

Case Study 28 Nov, 2025
Carlsberg: Brewing change with regenerative barley

This impact story is part of a series featuring companies that are members of One Planet Business for Biodiversity (OP2B)/WBCSD. Through these stories, we aim (…)

Publication 27 Mar, 2025
Roadmaps to Nature Positive: Foundations for the pharmaceutical sector

The healthcare sector, while focused on improving human health, is a contributor to environmental impacts. For example, the sector is responsible for around 5% of (…)

Publication 24 Oct, 2024
Exploring nature-positive buildings

The built environment sector is critical to achieving a nature-positive future, as it is responsible for nearly 30% of biodiversity loss globally, 50% of global (…)

Publication 23 Oct, 2024
Harmonizing the use of nature-related metrics by corporations

Outcomes of this initiative will be accessible via a user-friendly Nature Metrics Portal, with an initial version set to launch by COP30 in November 2025