WBEZ Chicago - WBEZ Chicago clock CST_ Menu News Latest News In the Loop with Sasha-Ann Simons Say More with Mary Dixon & Patrick Smith Curious City Prisoncast! Vocalo Arts & Culture Criminal Justice Education Immigration Politics Race, Class & Communities Listen Full Radio Schedule Shows & Podcasts Live WBEZ 91.5 Live Vocalo 91.1 More About Our Team Events Mobile Apps Newsletters & Email Alerts Search Support Us Manage Your Membership Menu Menu News Latest News In the Loop with Sasha-Ann Simons Say More with Mary Dixon & Patrick Smith Curious City Prisoncast! Vocalo Arts & Culture Criminal Justice Education Immigration Politics Race, Class & Communities Listen Full Radio Schedule Shows & Podcasts Live WBEZ 91.5 Live Vocalo 91.1 More About Our Team Events Mobile Apps Newsletters & Email Alerts Search Support Us Manage Your Membership Listen Live Donate Obituaries Re-remembering 11 Chicagoans who died in 2025 A larger-than-life artist, a basketball-loving nun, an Italian beef evangelist, a barkeep from Bridgeport — they were among those we lost last year. By Mitch Dudek Health & Medicine Health officials see spike in flu cases in Cook County, say it's not too late to get shots Visits to emergency rooms are up; health officials say holiday travel and gatherings are helping spread the virus. The H3N2 variant can cause severe symptoms in the elderly as well as younger healthy people. By Michael Puente Education CPS Board OKs small property tax hike, but cash-flow problems likely to persist Music Uniting Voices Chicago choir records cover of ‘People Have the Power’ with The B-52s’ Kate Pierson Environment What is it like to live with pollution? Chicagoans document with disposable cameras. Things to Do 13 creative ways to party in Chicago on New Year’s Eve, from a bash Downtown to out-of-the-box fun Featured Audio Music Her special-needs son loves holiday music. She helped design a concert for him. Listen By Courtney Kueppers Immigration Hear how Border Patrol boss Greg Bovino became the face of Trump’s deportation campaign Listen By Lauren FitzPatrick , Dan Mihalopoulos , and 4 more Education How ICE raids are impacting classrooms Listen 06:45 By Ayesha Rascoe Public Safety Border Patrol agent’s camera captures detainee’s lament: ‘We don’t have the opportunity that you have’ Listen By Chip Mitchell Arts & Culture from WBEZ Art As the 60th anniversary of the Chicago Imagists approaches, the artists have never enjoyed more success But in part because of the dominance of the New York art scene and biases about so-called regional art, the group has faced headwinds despite the considerable recognition they have achieved. By Kyle MacMillan Movies & TV Chicago film experts recommend 10 can’t-miss movies from 2025 that you may have missed the first time around By Bill Stamets Arts & Culture Kwanzaa celebrations kick off week of festivities aimed at building stronger communities By Cindy Hernandez Music A song by late jazz trumpeter Jaimie Branch has fresh meaning in era of immigration enforcement By Erica Thompson Movies & TV A filmmaker on the vanguard of virtual reality designs an up-close refugee experience By Erica Thompson The Best of 2025 Books The best reads of 2025, curated by our bookish staff By Sofie Hernandez-Simeonidis , Ethan Schwabe , and 1 more Food & Drink Here are the 2025 cookbooks we recommend — and a couple that we don’t By WBEZ and Chicago Sun-Times Staff Music The best Chicago albums of 2025, from rock to hip-hop to industrial By Morgan Ciocca , Selena Fragassi , and 1 more Food & Drink The best things we ate around Chicago in 2025 By Maggie Hennessy and Ximena N. Beltran Quan Kiu Donation Inline Accurate Information. Reliable Reporting. Diverse Perspectives. Donate More News Media Why I decided to leave my dream job to help launch a new show When Patrick Smith decided to become the co-host of “Say More,” he left behind a dream job so he could help create a new public square on WBEZ. By Patrick Smith Crime Hundreds of thousands of dollars in protein powder, coffee and lobster stolen in Illinois-related thefts While over $500,000 worth of protein powder and $100,000 worth of coffee products have been recovered by the Cook County Organized Retail Crime Unit, $400,000 worth of lobster remained unaccounted for. Authorities say the heists are unrelated. By Mohammad Samra Public Safety Mayor Brandon Johnson stresses New Year's Eve curfew, hopes to avoid another 'teen takeover' Anyone under 18 is required to be with an adult after 10 p.m. Wednesday night while the city hosts “Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve with Ryan Seacrest” along the Riverwalk. By Mitchell Armentrout Immigration Fue deportada a México. Su esposo está detenido. Ahora esta pareja de Chicago tiene que averiguar qué hacer Alexa Ramírez llegó a Chicago con grandes planes para el futuro. Mientras intenta adaptarse a la vida en México, ella y su esposo están trabajando en cómo reconstruir su vida juntos. By Adriana Cardona-Maguigad Education Lawsuits challenge Trump administration’s termination of grants for Illinois schools If an injunction is not granted, dozens of schools across the state will lose access to extra support like after-school programs, food pantries and mental health services in January. By Sarah Karp Weather Fast-moving winter weather systems arriving in Chicago on Tuesday, Wednesday The two systems will bring a chance of light snow and potential travel impacts, according to the National Weather Service. By Sun-Times Wire Immigration Broadview detainees during Operation Midway Blitz were self-deporting at alarming rates, analysis finds A WBEZ and Sun-Times analysis shows detainees initially booked at Broadview were nearly twice as likely as detainees nationwide to self-deport. Legal experts said inhumane conditions, coercion and a lack of legal counsel were contributing factors. By Amy Qin and Sophie Sherry Architecture An Obama quote gets installed atop presidential center The first of the 5-foot-tall concrete letters, quoting the former president’s 2015 “You Are America” speech, are being placed on the 225-foot granite-clad museum tower at the Obama Presidential Center campus. By Lee Bey Immigration She was deported to Mexico. He’s in detention. Now, this Chicago couple has to figure out what’s next. Alexa Ramírez came to Chicago with big plans for the future. As she tries to readjust to life in Mexico, she and her husband are working out how to rebuild their life together. By Adriana Cardona-Maguigad Architecture America's first glass house, built for the 1933 World's Fair, set to shine again Workers have installed glass exteriors walls on the House of Tomorrow in Beverly Shores, Indiana, as part of a $4 million effort to restore the 12-sided home to how it looked 90 years ago. By Lee Bey Neighborhoods St. Sabina volunteers bring nearly 1,600 meals to those in need on the South Side Volunteers packed catered meals, toys and gift cards, bringing them to shelters and veterans homes. “Nobody should feel like they’re a burden or they’re forgotten or isolated,” the Rev. Michael Pfleger said. By Alex Degman | WBEZ Movies & TV New ‘Stranger Things’ star Jake Connelly on going from Feldco window commercials to Netflix The Arlington Heights native, who likes video games and the Chicago Bears, said he pretty much “winged it” for his big debut as Derek, a bully-turned-hero. By Mike Davis Immigration After fleeing the war in Ukraine, they thought they were safe. Then came Trump’s deportation blitz. As the war in Ukraine drags on and U.S. immigration policy shifts, many Ukrainians “are stranded,” says a Chicago attorney, and now some are being detained. “‘They’re saying, ‘We didn’t violate the law, we came here to be protected, and now, we’re treated as though we did something wrong.’” By Anna Savchenko Immigration U.S. Supreme Court sides against Trump, won't lift block on National Guard deployment in Illinois The decision, appearing on the high court’s “emergency” or “shadow” docket, is the first from the justices addressing President Donald Trump’s efforts to deploy National Guard troops into American cities against the will of local elected officials. By Jon Seidel and Tina Sfondeles City Hall Mayor Brandon Johnson backs down, will not veto City Council's alternate budget By not vetoing the budget, Johnson solidifies the will of 30 Council members who took control of this year’s budget process. By Mariah Woelfel Curious City A museum, a mayor and a road: How Lake Shore Drive became a runway Lake Shore Drive has served as a makeshift airstrip for emergency landings. But it’s also been an intentional runway for planned arrivals. Listen What's That Building? What’s That Building? Chicago Board Options Exchange This structure has played a key role in the city’s involvement in the national railroad network and financial trading. Now, it’s set for a new chapter as a data center. Listen In Case You Missed It Art Institute hopes to introduce architect Bruce Goff to a new generation 'IBPOOPN' and 'ICUP' among 550 license plates rejected by Illinois secretary of state How an unpaid Reddit moderator built Chicago’s most exclusive club for the food-obsessed Trump administration to end grants for support services at many Illinois schools Border Patrol boss clashes with suburban mayor amid renewed Chicago area immigration blitz Inside the service dog training program at an Illinois women’s prison Property tax payment delay costs CPS almost a quarter million dollars a day Upcoming WBEZ Events Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! Ongoing throughout the year WBEZ is member-funded WBEZ is here for you today thanks to a strong legacy of listener support. New members are needed now to continue and strengthen this important work. The more listeners who choose to join, the greater the impact of this indispensable service. Every donation matters. Every person counts. DONATE NOW About Careers Our Team Board of Directors Management Team Pressroom Public & Financial Documents FCC Licenses Contest and Rules Connect Contact Us Newsletters & Email Alerts Events Calendar Wait Wait…Don’t Tell Me! Tickets Mobile Apps Radio Schedule The Sounding Board Support Donate Join Our Giving Circles Donate Your Car Gifts of Securities Planned Giving Matching Gifts Become a Sponsor Manage Your Membership Account © 2025 Chicago Public Media Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FCC Public Filing Info | Notice of FCC Applications