tubi-i.live COOKIE POLICY. TERMS OF USE OF WEBSITE 1. General Terms of Use of the Website Please read carefully this Cookie Policy. Terms of Use of Website (hereinafter referred to as the "Policy"). The Policy describes the rules for processing cookies and similar technologies when visiting the website: https://tubi-i.live (hereinafter referred to as the "Website"), as well as general terms of use of the Website. By using the Website, you confirm your agreement with this Policy. The Policy applies only to this Website and does not regulate third-party websites to which the User can click on links that may be posted on the Website. We recommend that you read and understand the terms of use of third-party websites and the procedure for processing your personal data when using such websites before clicking on links that may be posted on the Website. By clicking on the links that may be posted on the Website, please keep in mind that we are not responsible for the content and/ or conditions of use of third-party websites and / or the procedure for processing personal data when accessing such websites / using such websites, actions and / or omissions of third parties when using such websites, services/ goods offered by third parties on such websites. The Policy sets out the terms of use of the Website, which means full and unconditional agreement with all the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree with any of the terms of the Policy in whole or in part, or the terms of the Policy as a whole, you must refrain from using the Website. When using the Website, you are prohibited from taking any actions that may disrupt the functionality of the Website. 2. The Cookies Used. Use of Cookies A cookie is a small text file that is sent by a web server and stored on a computer, mobile phone, or any other device with Internet access when visiting a website or mobile application. Every time you open a page on the corresponding website or mobile device your web client (web browser) forwards the specified text file to the web server as part of an HTTP request in order to provide such a web server with information about your actions or preferences on the Internet. However, to ensure the safety and security of your data, your web client (web browser) usually does not transfer cookies intended for one website or mobile application to other resources. You can either delete already stored cookies or restrict (prohibit) their collection by setting the appropriate settings in your web client (web browser). Please note that in this case, we will not be able to guarantee the functionality of the Website and the availability of its functionality in full. Cookie Usage Purposes: We use cookies to achieve the following purposes: 1) to save information about the User during the use of the Website. 2) to identify the User (recognizing the browser and/or device each time you log in to the Website, saving screen and browser settings, and/or saving the User's username and password to log in to the Website). 3) for the operation of individual sections/ pages of the Website (where the use of Cookies is extremely necessary). 4) to improve the usability of the Website and navigation on it. 5) to improve the interaction between the Website and Users. 6) to improve the quality of service and ensure maximum User convenience and comfort when using the Website. For the purposes of this Policy, cookies are any other similar technologies. We do not use Cookies to identify Users, but solely to determine how Users use the Website. Through Cookies, we can collect the following information about Users: (1) The IP address, browser type, and device from which you log in to the Website; and/or (2) the operating system and information about the Internet service provider; and/or (3) information about the country from which the entry is made; and/or (4) the date and time of the Website visit, as well as the possible number of clicks made by the User. When logging on to the Website, the User provides his consent to the use of cookies by the Website as follows: When visiting the Website for the first time, a pop-up window will prompt you to select consent to the use of cookies that will be recorded on your device. In this case, technical cookies are set automatically when the page loads, unless otherwise specified in the browser settings. If you have approved the use of cookies, but then you want to change your mind, you can do this by deleting the saved files in your browser yourself. Any User can disable cookies on the device from which they log in to the Website at any time and/or delete previously uploaded cookies on the device. If the User does not wish to disable cookies and/or delete previously uploaded ones, no additional actions are required from the User in this case. The User has the option to disable the operation of cookies on the Website by performing the following actions: You can regulate the collection of Cookie information by making appropriate settings in your web client (web browser). To receive instructions on how to block or delete any Cookies, go to the "Help" or "Support" section of your web client (web browser). If the Cookie function is disabled or blocked, we will not be able to guarantee the functionality of the Website and the availability of its functionality in full. The user can also disable cookies and/or delete them altogether by changing their browser settings (it is also possible to delete/disable cookies installed by other websites).