WCAX | Channel 3 Skip to content Memorials Advertise With Us Build Your Future Vermont's Own Getting Answers We The People Local News Only Livestream Weather Sports 802 News Podcast Service Scholarship Contact Us WYCI Home News Special Reports Local National Getting Answers In the Garden Investigate TV Made In Vermont Super Seniors Vermont's Own We The People Wildlife Watch You Can Quote Me 802 News Podcast Latest Newscasts Got a Story Idea? Submit Photos and Videos Newsletter WCAXtra Livestream Latest Newscasts How to Watch WCAX & WYCI TV Listings Weather Closings Radar Weather Cams Active Alerts WCAX Weather App About First Alert Weather Ski and Ride Fall Foliage Astronomy In the Garden Sports Catamount Corner WCAX Top 3 on 3 – Vermont's Best Local Sports Replays Lake Monsters on WYCI Vermont Green FC on WYCI MLB on WYCI Contact Us Meet the Team Submit Story Ideas Submit Photos and Video Sign Up for Our Newsletter Order Channel 3 News Stories Community Partners Advertise With Us Memorials Work for WCAX Paid Internships Community Ask Your Kinney Pharmacist How to Help Community Calendar Hike of the Week Marketplace Vermont's Own WCAX Service Scholarship Great Vermont Coat Drive NextGen TV Zeam - News Streams How to Watch WCAX & WYCI WYCI Across the Fence Circle Country PowerNation Watching Your Wallet Local Business Spotlight Digital Marketing Gray AI Policy Winter Weather Advisory is in effect Dismiss Weather Alerts Alerts Bar Firefighters rescue residents trapped by Burlington apartment fire When Burlington fire crews arrived at an apartment building blaze in the city's Old North End, they found residents trapped on the second floor. News Rutland City police officer on leave amid new misconduct allegations Forecast Slick travel possible for New Year’s Eve, quiet into 2026 Mountain Top Resort: Vermont’s Classic Winter Escape — Nordic Trails, Family Fun & More Sponsored News Burlington’s Highlight event kicks off the new year TOP HEADLINES News Montpelier New Years Eve fireworks return Updated : 41 minutes ago | By WCAX News Team Fireworks will return to Vermont’s Capital City to ring in 2026. News Popular federal solar incentive coming to an end Updated : 6 hours ago | By Sophia Thomas Installing solar at home is about to cost you more. The new year marks the end of a popular federal solar incentive. News WCAX News programming changes on New Year’s Eve Updated : 19 hours ago | By WCAX News Team Special New Year’s Eve programming on Wednesday afternoon and night will mean some adjustments to the Channel 3 News schedule. National Flu is rising rapidly, driven by a new variant. Here’s what to know Updated : 10 hours ago | By The Associated Press and LAURAN NEERGAARD AP Medical Writer The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says after a slow start to flu season in early December, much of the country is now seeing a jump in cases. News Canadians reluctant to cross border for holidays Updated : 17 hours ago | By WCAX News Team Some Canadians say their travel boycott of the United States now extends beyond President Trump and tariffs as safety concerns mount. We the People This Day in History: December 31, 1983 Updated : 5 hours ago | By WCAX News Team A new kind of New Year’s celebration launched in Vermont on this day in history. Extended Forecast FEATURES LATEST VIDEO News Montpelier New Years Eve Fireworks return News Morning Weather Webcast News Popular federal solar incentive coming to an end News Burlington’s Highlight event kicks off the new year MORE NEWS News Car pulled from Colchester brook Updated : 16 hours ago | By WCAX News Team Crews pulled a car out of a brook in Colchester on Tuesday. News Former Barre police officer cleared of excessive force Updated : 17 hours ago | By WCAX News Team A former Barre police officer accused of excessive force during an arrest last year has been officially cleared of wrongdoing. News High winds force lift closures at Killington Updated : 18 hours ago | By WCAX News Team High winds snarled skiing plans for some in the region on Tuesday. News Milton ambulance slides on black ice Updated : 22 hours ago | By WCAX News Team An ambulance sliding off an icy road highlights the dangerous conditions many drivers in our region are facing. News Claremont hires new city manager amid school district turmoil Updated : 17 hours ago | By Adam Sullivan Claremont has officially hired its next city manager at a time when the city has been receiving unwanted attention over its school district’s financial turmoil. News Will $195M rural health care investment offset Medicaid cuts? Updated : 16 hours ago | By Calvin Cutler While many are cheering Monday's funding announcement, other health organizations are worried about simultaneous federal Medicaid cuts. National Trump administration says it’s freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes Updated : 13 hours ago | By The Associated Press Acting director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced that the step is in response to “blatant fraud that appears to be rampant in Minnesota and across the country.” News New legislation would require NY schools to teach students about Jan. 6 insurrection Updated : 24 hours ago | By Madeline Adams New legislation would require schools to teach students about the January 6, 2021, insurrection at the U.S. Capitol. Wildlife Watch Lake sturgeon monitoring breakthrough shows promising population recovery Updated : 17 hours ago | By Claire Jones A new approach for monitoring sturgeon in Lake Champlain is offering encouraging signs for the recovery of the ancient species. News $50K donation will allow Brandon to invest in solar projects Updated : 18 hours ago | By Connor Ullathorne A Rutland County thrift store is celebrating a major milestone by making a big donation to help the town of Brandon go green. News Plattsburgh receives $1M for beach upgrades Updated : 18 hours ago | By Alek LaShomb Plattsburgh will upgrade its City Beach thanks to more than $1 million in state funding. National Doctors warn of deaths caused by ‘holiday heart syndrome’ Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 9:12 PM EST | By Simone Roberts and Andrew McMunn With the holidays wrapping up, doctors said they are expecting a spike in heart failure caused by stress as the year comes to an end. MORE NEWS News Burlington airport welcomes therapy dog to ease travel anxiety Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 5:50 AM EST | By Sophia Thomas There’s a four-legged friend at the Burlington International Airport who hopes to ease your travel headaches. News North Country assemblyman takes over New York-Canada relations task force Updated : 18 hours ago | By Alek LaShomb New North Country Assemblyman Michael Cashman, D-N.Y., has been appointed chair of the New York State Assembly’s Task Force on New York-Canada Relations. News New York legislation prohibits businesses from going fully cashless Updated : 18 hours ago | By Aiden McCarthy Governor Kathy Hochul has signed legislation that prohibits fully cashless businesses in New York State. News New York parks to hold free guided hikes on New Year’s Day Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 10:12 AM EST | By Madeline Adams and 7 News Staff The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) and partner organizations are hosting hiking events to ring in the new year. We the People This Day in History: December 30, 1933 Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 5:49 AM EST | By WCAX News Team Vermont saw record cold on this day in 1933 and a tragic fire in 1981. News Fire destroys home in Glover Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 9:02 PM EST | By WCAX News Team Icy conditions made it difficult for emergency crews to respond to a house fire on Monday in Glover. News Bus service reductions likely in Rutland Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 10:39 PM EST | By Laura Ullman If you take the bus in and around Rutland, you may need to find a new way to get where you need to go. Service reductions are likely coming your way. News Hochul announces $10M in state funding for recreation site improvement projects Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 10:24 AM EST | By Madeline Adams Local parks and recreation departments have an opportunity to win up to $900,000 in state funding through the Municipal Parks and Recreation (MPR) Grant Program. News N.Y. program helps serve locally sourced foods in school cafeterias Updated : 22 hours ago | By Madeline Adams Since 2021, New York State schools have offered locally sourced food in cafeterias, benefiting the students who dine there and the local agriculture industry. News Trump administration awards $50B to states to strengthen rural health care Updated : 23 hours ago | By Laura Ullman Vermont, New Hampshire and New York will get millions of dollars as part of the Rural Health Transformation Program. News Flu season ramps up in Vermont as neighboring states see spike Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 6:16 PM EST | By Abigail Saxe Flu season is beginning to ramp up in Vermont as medical experts warn of what to expect in the new year following spikes in neighboring states. News Vt. troopers respond to dozens of crashes during ice storm Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 4:29 PM EST | By WCAX News Team The ice storm that took down power lines across our region also made a mess of the roads. News Ice storm leaves thousands without power in Vermont, New Hampshire Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 5:19 PM EST | By Adam Sullivan Power was mostly restored in Vermont by Monday evening after an ice storm, but New Hampshire was still struggling with outages. News Weather Sports Community Calendar Contact Us Politics RSS Feed Eat Local COVID-19 Map WCAX 30 Joy Drive South Burlington, VT 05403 (802) 652-6300 Public Inspection File publicfile@wcax.com - (802) 652-6324 Terms of Service Privacy Policy EEO Statement FCC Applications Advertising Digital Marketing Closed Captioning/Audio Description Cookie Settings Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence. A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025