Saving Wildlife and Wild Places - WCS.org Skip to main content WCS Menu Ways to Support Ways to Give Corporations Get Involved Membership Global Conservation Overview Our Priority Regions Our Priority Wildlife Communities Conservation Solutions Oceans Zoos & Aquarium Overview Bronx Zoo Central Park Zoo New York Aquarium Prospect Park Zoo Queens Zoo Careers About Us Overview Contact Leadership & Trustees WCS Publications Historical Timeline Our Science Financials Grants & Scholarships Library & Archives Nondiscrimination Membership Doing Business With WCS Newsroom Buy WCS Branded Products Search WCS.org Search Search WCS.org Submit Popular Search Terms Careers Contact Volunteering Bronx Zoo Membership Amur Leopards Internships Tigers Grants Cheetahs Wildlife Conservation Society We Stand for Wildlife ® Donate Now Donate Now Contact Us Membership play video pause video 12 Favorite Stories of 2025 They inspired wonder, advanced science, and demonstrated tangible progress for wildlife and wild places around the world. Read More Get Involved Anti-Trafficking Urge your representatives to help stressed and sick wildlife with the resources rescuers need to provide proper care. Act Now Bronx Zoo Holiday Lights Join us for a family holiday festival at WCS’s Bronx Zoo with millions of lights and hundreds of illuminated animals spread across six lantern trails. Learn More WCS Impact Report Conserves habitat for 40%+ of Earth’s biodiversity and promotes sustainable resource management 430+ protected areas WCS helped create since our founding, which help maintain regional stability 3.5M visitors to our zoos and aquarium in 2024 440+ local partner organizations, which help us deliver efficient, impactful aid View Impact Report Please donate to help save wildlife When you give to WCS you're helping ensure a future for the earth's
      most magnificent creatures and the habitats critical to their survival.
      Make your tax-deductible gift today! Choose a donation amount: $25 $50 $100 Other Amount Next In the news December 11, 2025 | The New York Times Eels in the Bronx The population of American eels has declined. They need protection, WCS experts say, despite their resilience. Read the story November 28, 2025 | The Washington Post New Shark Protections “It’s taken 20 to 30 years to get recognition that sharks and rays — keystone predators in marine ecosystems globally — need that protection,” said WCS’s Luke Warwick. Read the story Read More News Sign Up for Email Updates Get news from the field and learn about ways you can help Earth’s most threatened species. Email Address Subscribe An unexpected error has occurred. Please refresh the page. Thanks for signing up! Contact Membership Our Science Country Programs E-Media Kit Facebook X Bluesky Instagram Youtube Tiktok Linkedin Terms of Use Privacy Policy Children’s Privacy Policy Charitable Solicitations Accessibility Statement Other Legal Topics ©2025 Wildlife Conservation Society WCS, the “W” logo, WE STAND FOR WILDLIFE, I STAND FOR WILDLIFE, and STAND FOR WILDLIFE are service marks of Wildlife Conservation Society. The Wildlife Conservation Society is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization (tax ID number 13-1740011) under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law. Contact Information Address: 2300 Southern Boulevard Bronx, New York 10460 Phone Number: (718) 220-5100