West Chester University Skip to Main Content of Page To access many of the new West Chester University Website features, you'll need to turn on JavaScript and enable cookies.
					You can do this in your web browser's settings area. Request Info Visit Campus Apply Now Give Today Menu Search the WCU website Main Search Search WCU Academics Admissions Student Life Athletics Arts Faculty/Staff Alumni Give Video description (this video does not have audio) for the video above: Scene 1: The Incomparable Golden Rams Marching Band perform during the football home opener Scene 2: Philips Memorial Building during the Fall Scene 3: West Chester University students working the a physic lab Scene 4: The class of 2029 class photo formation on the Quad Scene 5: WCU football scoring a touchdown Scene 6: Fall scene of students walking by the fountain on campus Scene 7: Honor students conducting x-ray analysis on the Ram Statue Scene 8: Drone shot of cheerleaders leading the WCU football team during the Ram Walk before the first home game Scene 9: Drone shot of the Sciences and Engineering Center and the Commons Pause Video Pause There's never been a better time to be a Golden Ram . Request Info Apply Now Find Your Program There's never been a better time to be a Golden Ram . Request Info Apply Now Find Your Program Close Notices Notice: West Chester University Something happens when you find yourself here. You find your passion. You find it in labs, lectures, out in left field. You find it on stage, behind a camera, in front of a blank page. You find more than a direction. You find your element. Apply Request Information Find Your Program Choosing a program begins a transformative journey. Here you will find a range of options—some science learning, majors for creative types, and several somewhere in between—and whatever direction you choose, you will find a path to a wiser you. Main Search Program Search: Submit See all programs Find Your Element. Feed your mind. Academics With over 180 diverse academic opportunities, West Chester University has made it possible for every student to find their element. With degrees ranging from accounting to African American studies to marine biology, we’re confident that our students can find what they love and make it their own. Academics So Much Life. So Many Things. Student Life Everyone has their thing, and no matter what yours happens to be, we're confident you can find it among our 300+ clubs and organizations. Whether you’re interested in the NAACP or the Bollywood dance club, passion is in our DNA and it is our priority that we help you find yours. Living on Campus Student Resources Organizations Let the Journey Begin. Admissions When you choose WCU you choose discovery. With 64 undergraduate programs, 43 tracks, 90 minors and 44 fields of study—not to mention the close proximity to Philly, DC and NYC—you can't avoid finding new perspectives, new passions, a new you. Admissions Scholarships Financial Aid Where you least expect it, you'll find it . When the reaction surprises you, you'll find it . When you are here, you'll find it . All of us share a deep passion for West Chester University and this passion continues to grow exponentially with each graduating class. I fell in love with WCU when I first came to this campus many years ago and I want every student to fall in love with WCU, too. I want students to feel that when they step onto this campus they belong here, they're happy that they came here, and this is where they want to be. - West Chester University President R. Lorraine Bernotsky, DPhil Location We're proud of our beautiful campus and the unique charm that defines West Chester. But with three of the country's most dynamic cities - DC, Philadelphia and New York City - just a short ride away, escapes are kind of necessary. Our Locations President's Fall Address West Chester University President Dr. Laurie Bernotsky delivered a Fall Address to students, faculty, staff, alumni, and friends on Friday, October 17, in Emile K. Asplundh Concert Hall. In a conversational format that reflected her passion for teaching, she invited members of the WCU community to work together to develop an action plan for the University that includes ways that we can all be better, think bigger, and emphasize meaningful experiences in students’ lives. Action Plan Website Visit the Newsroom West Chester University News 12.10.25 More than 1,100 to Graduate at WCU's Winter Commencement Ceremonies There are 1,124 students poised to begin the next chapters of their lives following graduation from West Chester University at four separate winter commencement exercises being held Friday and Saturday, December 12 and 13. All ceremonies will take place in Hollinger Field House on North Campus. 11.26.25 CBS News Philadelphia & 6abc Action News feature WCU Making Thanksgiving Meals for a Local Shelter CBS News Philadelphia & 6abc Action News Feature Dr. Jeanie Subach and the Nutrition Department Making Thanksgiving Meals for a Local Shelter 11.25.25 FOX 29's "Good Day Philadelphia" Features 4 WCU Cheer Team Members Who Will Compete at UCA Nationals West Chester University's Cheer Team has qualified for UCA Nationals. UCA Nationals are the annual national championship competitions for high school and college cheerleading and dance teams, held by the Universal Cheerleaders Association (UCA) at Walt Disney World. 11.21.25 Fall/Winter WCU Magazine Highlights Community Engagement WCU's mission statement specifies community engagement as an institutional goal. It's a commitment that manifests in faculty research that benefits organizations; in faculty, staff, and students volunteering at sites like food pantries and tutoring programs; and in class assignments that provide needed assistance while enhancing students' education. Read about the University's community connections and other successes in the latest issue of the WCU Magazine. 11.21.25 WCU's Wells School of Music Presents the 104th Annual Holiday Program on Saturday, December 6 West Chester University's treasured 104th Annual Holiday Program returns on Saturday, December 6, at 3 p.m. in the 1,200-seat Emilie K. Asplundh Concert Hall in the Philips Memorial Building, 700 S. High Street, West Chester. A beloved tradition for over a century, this year's program promises an expanded, joy-filled celebration featuring new collaborations, seasonal favorites, and memorable musical moments. Tickets are $15, and advance purchase is strongly recommended at https://wcupatix.com/schoolofmusic. Media Guide to WCU Faculty Experts Visit the Media Guide to WCU Faculty Experts to find a faculty member with expertise in a specific field. Dr. Yong Hoon Kim Associate Professor College of Sciences and Mathematics Adam Gumble Assistant Professor, Music Education Director of Athletic Bands Wells School of Music Dr. Chun-Chen (Liz) Wang Professor College of Business and Public Management View All Faculty Experts Upcoming Events Feb 02 faculty recital: jean-christophe dobrzelewski, trumpet Monday, February 2, 2026, 7:30 - 9pm Feb 08 faculty recital: nicholas provenzale, baritone Sunday, February 8, 2026, 3 - 4:30pm Feb 09 faculty recital: kimberly reighley, flute Monday, February 9, 2026, 7:30 - 9pm Feb 10 financial aid week - scholarship essays 101 Tuesday, February 10, 2026, 11am - 12pm VIEW ALL CAMPUS EVENTS Visit Schedule a Virtual Tour Close Health Notices Academics Admissions Student Life Athletics Arts Faculty/Staff Alumni Departments Request Info Visit Campus Apply Now Give Today WEBMAIL RamPortal D2L Navigate Go to the WCU facebook page Go to the WCU X page Go to the WCU youtube page Go to the WCU instagram page West Chester University 700 South High Street West Chester, PA 19383 610-436-1000 Campus Map WCU Alert Text Messaging WCU Weather Emergency Services Facilities News & Reports PennDOT High Street Updates Right to Know Requests HEA Student Consumer Fraud, Waste, & Abuse PA Whistleblower Law (PDF) Non-Discrimination Statement (PDF) West Chester University 700 South High Street West Chester, PA 19383 610-436-1000 © West Chester University Last Updated: Back to top of page.