WDRB | Breaking News Skip to main content Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Watch Now Live Stream WDRB+ shows WDRB Polls WDRB Direct Newsletters Apps TV Schedule WBKI - CW Weather Forecast Radar Weather Blog Weather Cams WDRB Traffic Closings Allergies Weather Team Share Photos & Video News Crash of UPS Flight 2976 Kentucky News Indiana News Business Crime Reports WDRB Investigates Education Community Things To Do Point of View National News WDRB Mornings Send News Tips WDRB News Team Event Calendar Sports Eric Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports High School Louisville City FC Kentucky Derby WDRB Sports Team Contests & Deals Contests Be Our Guest Features Sponsored Content Talk of the Town Advertise With Us Jobs WDRBeHired WDRB Jobs Jude's Jingle tree Site search Search Menu Watch Live 31° Cloudy Louisville, KY (40203) Today Wintry mix at night, mainly north and east. Temps in the 30's for NYE plans. . Tonight A few clouds. Updated: December 31, 2025 @ 4:25 am Full Forecast Watch Live Site search Search Open user controls Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Watch Now Live Stream WDRB+ shows WDRB Polls WDRB Direct Newsletters Apps TV Schedule WBKI - CW Weather Forecast Radar Weather Blog Weather Cams WDRB Traffic Closings Allergies Weather Team Share Photos & Video News Crash of UPS Flight 2976 Kentucky News Indiana News Business Crime Reports WDRB Investigates Education Community Things To Do Point of View National News WDRB Mornings Send News Tips WDRB News Team Event Calendar Sports Eric Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports High School Louisville City FC Kentucky Derby WDRB Sports Team Contests & Deals Contests Be Our Guest Features Sponsored Content Talk of the Town Advertise With Us Jobs WDRBeHired WDRB Jobs Jude's Jingle tree Closings and delays Local News 'Just too easy' | Louisville mother turns grief into warning after teen daughter dies by suicide For April Salyer, every photo of her daughter, Sarah, pulls her back to the time they had together. Read more 'Just too easy' | Louisville mother turns grief into warning after teen daughter dies by suicide WDRB Investigates Court orders Kentucky to release records in driver’s license fraud investigation A court ruled the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet violated the state's open records laws by withholding documents tied to an investigation into immigrants illegally obtaining Kentucky driver’s licenses in Louisville, ordering more than 2,300 records released to WDRB. Read more Court orders Kentucky to release records in driver’s license fraud investigation Local News LMPD detective shared login to Flock camera system with DEA agent conducting immigration search A Louisville assistant police chief was demoted earlier this year after a detective shared his login credentials for the department's Flock surveillance camera system to a federal immigration agent. Read more LMPD detective shared login to Flock camera system with DEA agent conducting immigration search Local News Kentucky reports first child flu death of the season as health officials stress vaccination State health officials said the child had not received a flu vaccine. Read more Kentucky reports first child flu death of the season as health officials stress vaccination Business Overnight fire levels Cluckers restaurant in Jeffersonville The initial call was for a trash fire, but firefighters arrived to find the restaurant engulfed in flames. Read more Overnight fire levels Cluckers restaurant in Jeffersonville Sports Former Louisville QB Chris Redman named head coach of city's United Football League team Chris Redman — a former Louisville Cardinal and Super Bowl champion — will lead the team in its inaugural season. Read more Former Louisville QB Chris Redman named head coach of city's United Football League team Local News Louisville motorcyclist injured in hit-and-run hopes someone recognizes the car Video from the crash, given to Stevenson by Louisville Metro Police, shows the crash and the moments after. Read more Louisville motorcyclist injured in hit-and-run hopes someone recognizes the car National News Derailed train in Kentucky causes a chemical leak and sparks a fire A derailed CSX train leaked a flammable chemical and sparked a fire in a rural part of southern Kentucky on Tuesday. The derailment prompted authorities to issue a shelter-in-place order that was later lifted. CSX says no injuries were reported after 31 rail cars derailed at about 6:15 a.m. CST in Todd County. It says the derailment caused a leak of molten sulfur and sparked a fire that was extinguished late Tuesday morning. Cleanup crews are at the scene. Todd County authorities had issued a half-mile shelter-in-place order around the impacted site as a precaution. Read more Derailed train in Kentucky causes a chemical leak and sparks a fire U of L Sports Louisville defensive coordinator Ron English will take year away, Hagan not expected back After its best defensive season in recent memory, the Louisville football program may be losing its defensive coordinator and defensive line coach, according to a report on ESPN. Read more Louisville defensive coordinator Ron English will take year away, Hagan not expected back Local News Groomed as a student, married at 18, Kentucky survivor fights for law change Hannah Ross is urging Kentucky lawmakers to criminalize grooming and strengthen protections for minors after surviving decades-long abuse by a trusted adult. Read more Groomed as a student, married at 18, Kentucky survivor fights for law change Local News 'Just too easy' | Louisville mother turns grief into warning after teen daughter dies by suicide For April Salyer, every photo of her daughter, Sarah, pulls her back to the time they had together. Read more 'Just too easy' | Louisville mother turns grief into warning after teen daughter dies by suicide WDRB Investigates Court orders Kentucky to release records in driver’s license fraud investigation A court ruled the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet violated the state's open records laws by withholding documents tied to an investigation into immigrants illegally obtaining Kentucky driver’s licenses in Louisville, ordering more than 2,300 records released to WDRB. Read more Court orders Kentucky to release records in driver’s license fraud investigation Local News LMPD detective shared login to Flock camera system with DEA agent conducting immigration search A Louisville assistant police chief was demoted earlier this year after a detective shared his login credentials for the department's Flock surveillance camera system to a federal immigration agent. Read more LMPD detective shared login to Flock camera system with DEA agent conducting immigration search Local News Kentucky reports first child flu death of the season as health officials stress vaccination State health officials said the child had not received a flu vaccine. Read more Kentucky reports first child flu death of the season as health officials stress vaccination Business Overnight fire levels Cluckers restaurant in Jeffersonville The initial call was for a trash fire, but firefighters arrived to find the restaurant engulfed in flames. Read more Overnight fire levels Cluckers restaurant in Jeffersonville Sports Former Louisville QB Chris Redman named head coach of city's United Football League team Chris Redman — a former Louisville Cardinal and Super Bowl champion — will lead the team in its inaugural season. Read more Former Louisville QB Chris Redman named head coach of city's United Football League team Local News Louisville motorcyclist injured in hit-and-run hopes someone recognizes the car Video from the crash, given to Stevenson by Louisville Metro Police, shows the crash and the moments after. Read more Louisville motorcyclist injured in hit-and-run hopes someone recognizes the car National News Derailed train in Kentucky causes a chemical leak and sparks a fire A derailed CSX train leaked a flammable chemical and sparked a fire in a rural part of southern Kentucky on Tuesday. The derailment prompted authorities to issue a shelter-in-place order that was later lifted. CSX says no injuries were reported after 31 rail cars derailed at about 6:15 a.m. CST in Todd County. It says the derailment caused a leak of molten sulfur and sparked a fire that was extinguished late Tuesday morning. Cleanup crews are at the scene. Todd County authorities had issued a half-mile shelter-in-place order around the impacted site as a precaution. Read more Derailed train in Kentucky causes a chemical leak and sparks a fire U of L Sports Louisville defensive coordinator Ron English will take year away, Hagan not expected back After its best defensive season in recent memory, the Louisville football program may be losing its defensive coordinator and defensive line coach, according to a report on ESPN. Read more Louisville defensive coordinator Ron English will take year away, Hagan not expected back Local News Groomed as a student, married at 18, Kentucky survivor fights for law change Hannah Ross is urging Kentucky lawmakers to criminalize grooming and strengthen protections for minors after surviving decades-long abuse by a trusted adult. Read more Groomed as a student, married at 18, Kentucky survivor fights for law change National Politics Things to Do News Kentucky, Indiana each awarded more than $200M to strengthen rural health care Both states were awarded funding as part of the Rural Health Transformation plan. Read more Kentucky, Indiana each awarded more than $200M to strengthen rural health care Louisville dedicates street to firefighter killed in line of duty in 1994 Louisville Fire Sgt. John "Strawn" Nutter died in 1994 as he battled a blaze at a storage facility on South Seventh Street when the roof collapsed under him. Read more Louisville dedicates street to firefighter killed in line of duty in 1994 27-year-old identified as victim of deadly crash on Preston Highway Louisville Metro Police officers were called to a multi-vehicle crash in the 10300 block of Preston Highway at Maple Spring Drive just after 8 p.m. Dec. 26. Read more 27-year-old identified as victim of deadly crash on Preston Highway Elizabethtown police warn of QR code scam tied to Amazon deliveries The Elizabethtown Police Department is warning of a new scam involving fake QR codes. Read more Elizabethtown police warn of QR code scam tied to Amazon deliveries Man killed, 2 others injured in head-on crash in Breckinridge County, KSP says A 42-year-old man died and two others were injured after a head-on crash in Breckinridge County on Monday evening. Read more Man killed, 2 others injured in head-on crash in Breckinridge County, KSP says Kick off your New Years Eve celebration with America's Chief Entertaining Officer Tim Laird New Years Eve is almost here and many of us are probably wondering what we are going to have on the menu for our parties and get-togethers, whether they be big or small. Read more Kick off your New Years Eve celebration with America's Chief Entertaining Officer Tim Laird Crime 2nd 15-year-old arrested in Louisville double shooting, police say The male juvenile is being charged with first-degree assault (complicity), second-degree assault (complicity) and first-degree wanton endangerment — discharge of a firearm. Read more 2nd 15-year-old arrested in Louisville double shooting, police say Bond set for JCPS elementary teacher for alleged 'sexual conversations' with student JCPS said Graf will be reassigned to a position that won't allow her to have contact with students during this investigation. Read more Bond set for JCPS elementary teacher for alleged 'sexual conversations' with student LMPD asks for public's help after person shot in east Louisville on Christmas Day Officers were called to the 4900 block of Heathmoore Court just before 10 p.m. Thursday on a reported shooting. Read more LMPD asks for public's help after person shot in east Louisville on Christmas Day Clarksville police search for woman accused of shoplifting at Green Tree Mall Clarksville police are asking the public for help identifying a woman suspected of shoplifting at Shoe Sensation in Green Tree Mall. Read more Clarksville police search for woman accused of shoplifting at Green Tree Mall Man dies after being hit by car while trying to cross Preston Highway, Louisville police say The Louisville Metro Police Department's Traffic Unit is investigating. Read more Man dies after being hit by car while trying to cross Preston Highway, Louisville police say Lawyers for KSU shooting suspect says he was 'completely justified' in deadly force The law firm representing the suspect in a deadly shooting at Kentucky State University released a statement Monday detailing why they believe the use of deadly force was justified. Read more Lawyers for KSU shooting suspect says he was 'completely justified' in deadly force Don't Miss A Thing Sign up for alerts from WDRB to get the latest breaking news delivered to your inbox. Success! An email has been sent to with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. Breaking News Please enter a valid email address. Sign up Manage your lists Business Construction expected to begin in 2026 for bonsai garden at Waterfront Botanical Gardens Construction is expected to begin in 2026 for a bonsai garden at Louisville's Waterfront Botanical Gardens. Read more Construction expected to begin in 2026 for bonsai garden at Waterfront Botanical Gardens Tobacco and vape retailers get provisional licenses as new Kentucky law takes effect The temporary license applies to businesses that applied for a state license before Jan. 1, allowing them to stay open while their applications are reviewed. Read more Tobacco and vape retailers get provisional licenses as new Kentucky law takes effect Don't Waste Your Money | Warning signs that a text or email message may be a scam Experts say advances in artificial intelligence could make scams harder to spot, as scammers can now create more realistic messages that sound polished and professional. Read more Don't Waste Your Money | Warning signs that a text or email message may be a scam New Italian restaurant planned for former LouVino space on Bardstown Road Chef Dallas McGarity is opening Cipollini, a modern Italian restaurant in the former LouVino space in the Highlands. Read more New Italian restaurant planned for former LouVino space on Bardstown Road Don't Waste Your Money | Before you buy new, here’s when to repair a failing appliance An appliance repair professional says if a repair costs close to half the price of a new appliance, replacement may be the smarter option. Read more Don't Waste Your Money | Before you buy new, here’s when to repair a failing appliance Taylor Swift–themed Airbnb opens in Elizabethtown, with album-inspired rooms Central Kentucky’s first Taylor Swift–themed Airbnb, “You Belong With Me BnB,” opens in Elizabethtown with album-inspired rooms, selfie stations, and a Swift-themed scavenger hunt. Read more Taylor Swift–themed Airbnb opens in Elizabethtown, with album-inspired rooms WDRB EXCLUSIVES 22:31 WDRB Crossroads - Northern Kentucky Crossroads in northern Kentucky hosted by Dalton Godbey. Read more WDRB Crossroads - Northern Kentucky 22:31 WDRB Crossroads - Corydon Crossroads in Corydon, Indiana hosted by Dalton Godbey. Read more WDRB Crossroads - Corydon POINT OF VIEW Point of View | New Year's Resolutions I have a few resolutions you can look at and pick the ones that might apply to you. Read more Point of View | New Year's Resolutions Forecast Radar Weather Rick DeLuca's Tuesday night forecast Watch Sports 2:45 WDRB Sports arrives in Southern California as IU gears up for the Rose Bowl Updated Dec 29, 2025 1:47 Louisville makes final preparations for Tuesday's bowl game against Toledo Updated Dec 23, 2025 1:19 Indiana football preparing for Rose Bowl against Alabama Updated Dec 22, 2025 4:15 Big man leads Louisville to 94-54 romp over Montana Updated Dec 21, 2025 Bozich & Crawford UofL UK IU High School Lou City Sports headlines CRAWFORD | Even without Mikel Brown, Louisville wallops Cal 90-70 after a short winter's nap LOS ANGELES, Calif. (WDRB) -- People are going to look at the score and think, Louisville dispatches another ACC also ran. Read more CRAWFORD | Even without Mikel Brown, Louisville wallops Cal 90-70 after a short winter's nap Former Louisville QB Chris Redman named head coach of city's United Football League team Chris Redman — a former Louisville Cardinal and Super Bowl champion — will lead the team in its inaugural season. Read more Former Louisville QB Chris Redman named head coach of city's United Football League team Louisville defensive coordinator Ron English will take year away, Hagan not expected back After its best defensive season in recent memory, the Louisville football program may be losing its defensive coordinator and defensive line coach, according to a report on ESPN. Read more Louisville defensive coordinator Ron English will take year away, Hagan not expected back CRAWFORD | Brown expected back, Pryor out for Louisville's ACC opener at Cal Mikel Brown made a full return to practice on Sunday and is listed as “probable” for Louisville’s ACC opener at California on Tuesday night in Berkeley. Read more CRAWFORD | Brown expected back, Pryor out for Louisville's ACC opener at Cal CRAWFORD | Indiana arrives in Pasadena: Big stage, same steady approach Indiana came to the Rose Bowl the way astronauts used to board rockets: calm, clean-shaven, and carrying their own luggage. No brass band. No bon voyage. Just business. Read more CRAWFORD | Indiana arrives in Pasadena: Big stage, same steady approach Bryant Haines getting IU defense ready for Rose Bowl Indiana heads into Thursday's Rose Bowl as a touchdown favorite against Alabama in large part because of the work of its defense this season. Read more Bryant Haines getting IU defense ready for Rose Bowl LATEST VIDEOS Louisville mother turns grief into warning after teen daughter dies by suicide Hoosiers credit Curt Cignetti for rapid turnaround ahead of Rose Bowl Hoosiers credit Curt Cignetti for rapid turnaround ahead of Rose Bowl Kentucky secures $212.9M to strengthen rural health care over five years Kentucky secures $212.9M to strengthen rural health care over five years Times Square tests new ‘Constellation Ball’ ahead of New Year’s Eve celebration Times Square tests new ‘Constellation Ball’ ahead of New Year’s Eve celebration Community Beyond the Bullets | A conversation on Louisville youth violence Watch our special focusing on youth violence and check our list of organizations and individuals offering help families get the help they need. Read more Beyond the Bullets | A conversation on Louisville youth violence 2025 Christmas and holiday events around Louisville and southern Indiana Here's our growing list of events to get you in the spirit of the holidays. Read more 2025 Christmas and holiday events around Louisville and southern Indiana Louisville Metro Police Foundation raffle of 2025 Lincoln Nautilus benefits officers in distress The drawing will take place on Tuesday, January 9, 2026, at 11 a.m. Read more Louisville Metro Police Foundation raffle of 2025 Lincoln Nautilus benefits officers in distress Louisville dedicates street to firefighter killed in line of duty in 1994 Louisville Fire Sgt. John "Strawn" Nutter died in 1994 as he battled a blaze at a storage facility on South Seventh Street when the roof collapsed under him. Read more Louisville dedicates street to firefighter killed in line of duty in 1994 Miss Kentucky's rise, Slugger bat memories, 3-D hand among WDRB's top positive stories of 2025 The year 2025 was full of stories that shook us, stories that shaped us, and some stories that just made us smile. Read more Miss Kentucky's rise, Slugger bat memories, 3-D hand among WDRB's top positive stories of 2025 Tiny NICU patients get Christmas outfits at UofL Health's Center for Women and Infants The NICU babies at the UofL Hospital Center for Women & Infants donned their Christmas attire for a special visit from Santa, Mrs. Claus -- and even the grinch. Read more Tiny NICU patients get Christmas outfits at UofL Health's Center for Women and Infants Poll U.S. NEWS ICE doesn't plan to detain Kilmar Abrego Garcia again as long as judge's order banning it stands Immigration officials do not plan to detain Kilmar Abrego Garcia again as long as a judge’s order banning it stands. That's according to a Tuesday court filing from the U.S. government. The Salvadoran citizen is fighting to remain in the U.S. after a mistaken deportation to his home country,… Read more ICE doesn't plan to detain Kilmar Abrego Garcia again as long as judge's order banning it stands Kennedy Center renaming prompts a new round of cancellations The Kennedy Center is ending the year with a new round of artists saying they are canceling scheduled performances after President Donald Trump’s name was added to the facility. The institution’s president is accusing the performers of making their decisions because of politics. The Cookers,… Read more Kennedy Center renaming prompts a new round of cancellations Derailed train in Kentucky causes a chemical leak and sparks a fire A derailed CSX train leaked a flammable chemical and sparked a fire in a rural part of southern Kentucky on Tuesday. The derailment prompted authorities to issue a shelter-in-place order that was later lifted. CSX says no injuries were reported after 31 rail cars derailed at about 6:15 a.m. … Read more Derailed train in Kentucky causes a chemical leak and sparks a fire Israel says it will halt operations of several humanitarian organizations in Gaza starting in 2026 Israel says it will suspend several humanitarian organizations for failing to meet its new rules to vet international organizations working in Gaza. The Ministry of Diaspora Affairs said on Tuesday that the organizations that will be banned on Jan. 1 did not meet its new requirements for sha… Read more Israel says it will halt operations of several humanitarian organizations in Gaza starting in 2026 Channel Tunnel disruption affects Eurostar and vehicle shuttle between France and England Power problems and a stuck train have interrupted rail traffic through the Channel Tunnel connecting the U.K. and continental Europe. Eurostar has suspended its services to and from London during the busy holiday period. The company blames overhead power supply issues and a failed train oper… Read more Channel Tunnel disruption affects Eurostar and vehicle shuttle between France and England Arctic blast brings snow and wind to the Great Lakes and Northeast A surge of arctic air is bringing strong winds, heavy snow and frigid temperatures to the Great Lakes and Northeast, a day after a bomb cyclone that hit the northern U.S. Tens of thousands of customers were without power early Tuesday, with Michigan hardest hit. The National Weather Service … Read more Arctic blast brings snow and wind to the Great Lakes and Northeast Meet the Team Lindsay Allen - Anchor Adi Schanie - Reporter Gilbert Corsey – Anchor Mike Marshall - Traffic Reporter Most Popular Articles Videos Articles 'Just too easy' | Louisville mother turns grief into warning after teen daughter dies by suicide Court orders Kentucky to release records in driver’s license fraud investigation 27-year-old identified as victim of deadly crash on Preston Highway CRAWFORD | Even without Mikel Brown, Louisville wallops Cal 90-70 after a short winter's nap Groomed as a student, married at 18, Kentucky survivor fights for law change Overnight fire levels Cluckers restaurant in Jeffersonville Louisville motorcyclist injured in hit-and-run hopes someone recognizes the car LMPD detective shared login to Flock camera system with DEA agent conducting immigration search Louisville’s Darnell 'SuperChef' Ferguson sells out of tickets to new show pilot filming Elizabethtown police warn of QR code scam tied to Amazon deliveries Videos Facebook Twitter Bluesky YouTube TikTok Instagram Email Contact Information wdrb.com 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd. Louisville, KY 40203 Phone: 502-585-0811 Email: feedback@wdrb.com Sections Home Weather News Watch Now Sports Point of View Morning Community Services About Us Contact Us Event Calendar Advertise Staff Weather Search FCC Public Inspection File Closed Captioning EEO Report Ad Choices WDRB FCC Applications WDRB Official Contest Rules for On-Air Ticket Giveaways × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks. We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2025 WDRB , 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd. Louisville, KY | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Cookie Preferences | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital . . .