We Are Teachers - Ideas and inspiration for reaching the next generation Skip to main content Close Open Toggle menu Choose my view: All Grades K-5 Grades 6-12 School Leaders Search for: Grades Grades All Grades K-5 All Grades 6-12 PreK 6th Grade Kindergarten 7th Grade 1st Grade 8th Grade 2nd Grade 9th Grade 3rd Grade 10th Grade 4th Grade 11th Grade 5th Grade 12th Grade Topic Topics Reading Classroom Management ESL/ELL Ask We Are Teachers Math Education News & Research Art & Creativity PD We Love Science Diversity & Inclusion Social Studies Teacher Pay & Advocacy Technology Work/Life Balance World Languages Classroom Setup & Supplies Administrator Professional Development Assessment Back to School Creative Classroom Daily digital literacy Earth Day Education Resources End of School Year English Language Arts Featured Financial Literacy Geography Gifts Healthy Students Holidays & Seasons Inspiration Life Outside School Music Parents Physical Education Principal Life School Culture & Colleagues School Funding seasonal Social Emotional Learning Special Education Sponsored STEAM STEM Summer Survival Guide Supporting Students Teacher Appreciation Teacher Discounts & Deals Teacher Hacks Teacher Health Teacher PD Teaching High School Valentine's day View all 55 Topics View less Topics Free classroom resources, inspiration, and support. Classroom Ideas Teacher Picks Free Printables Giveaways Games Get Our Newsletters! We're giving away prizes EVERY DAY to help you make it to winter break! ❄️ Enter today! Physical Education 50 Baseball Jokes That Hit It Out of the Park Learn more Teacher Burnout Is Surging—And It All Boils Down to One Issue Life Outside School Dec 22 By Kelly Treleaven Deal of the Day: Save 15% on JanSport Teacher Discounts & Deals Dec 18 By Samantha Chaney Grades: High School Free Digital Citizenship Kit Includes a Cell Phone Contract, Fun Posters, and a Community Discussion Guide Sponsored Dec 18 By We Are Teachers Staff 100+ Best Guess What Jokes for Kids Creative Classroom Dec 18 By Jill Staake, B.S., Secondary ELA Education Grades: Elementary School 80 Inexpensive Gift Ideas for Students That Won’t Break the Bank Plus free printable gift tags to along with them! Holidays & Seasons By Elizabeth Mulvahill, B.A., Certified Teacher Grades: Elementary School Free Snowflake Template Printable Bundle Snowflakes and fun ideas to get you through the winter months. Education Resources By Samantha Cleaver, PhD, Special Ed & Reading Intervention Need Last-Minute Student Gifts? Download These Free Holiday Gift Tags Use these free holiday gift tags to create cute but inexpensive gifts for your students. Teacher Discounts & Deals By Elizabeth Mulvahill, B.A., Certified Teacher Win Prizes Every Day in December! Enter daily for your chance to win gift cards, technology, supplies, and much more. Today’s Giveaway Featured Play Today’s Word Lab Puzzle Choose from the 3-, 5-, or 7-letter challenge. Science Resources for Middle and High School Free activities, videos, and articles that make teaching science easier—and more fun! Learning About Careers Guide students to a future of possibilities with these free posters, teaching tips, and resources. Teach Your Students To Be AI and Cyber Savvy These lessons, activities, and games will boost your students’ STEM skills and get them ready to become the cyber detectives. See All Top Stories 150 Inspiring Picture Writing Prompts To Spark Creativity English Language Arts 111 Cool Winter Jokes To Break the Ice Holidays & Seasons 39 Delightful Winter Poems for Kids of All Ages English Language Arts 30 Beautiful Holidays Around the World (Plus Activities To Celebrate Them) Holidays & Seasons Free Winter Activities Bundle for Middle and High School Because big kids want to celebrate the season too! Learn More Classroom Ideas Grades: High School 115 Clever Riddles for High School Students (Plus Answers) Education Resources By Jeanne Croteau, M.S., Psychology, Master TEFL Certified Grades: Elementary School Build the Skills That Help Your Students Succeed With These Ready-To-Go Short Lessons Social Emotional Learning By We Are Teachers Staff 34 Easy Ocean Crafts and Learning Activities for Kids Science By Jill Staake, B.S., Secondary ELA Education Grades: High School This Teacher Pays Her Students To Come to Class, and They Are Showing Up Classroom Management By Stacy Tornio Grades: Elementary School 27 Fun Food Web and Food Chain Activities Science By Stephanie Sanders, M.Ed., Elementary Education, M.Ed., Educational Leadership Grades: High School 300 Philosophical Questions for Kids To Encourage Critical Thinking and Self-Exploration Education Resources By Jeanne Croteau, M.S., Psychology, Master TEFL Certified 24 Printable Valentines That Are Perfect for Your Students and Teacher BFFs 70 Bloom’s Taxonomy Higher-Order Thinking Questions + Free Printable Science Fair Certificates for Kids (Free Printables) All About Michigan Worksheets (Free Printables) Browse by Topic Discover classroom ideas, teaching strategies, and actionable tips for the subjects you teach every day. Reading Our top teacher-approved book lists, reading tips, and so much more! Math Find tips, resources, lesson plans, and games for K-12 that make math teachers’ lives easier. Science Science experiments, lesson plans, science themed books, and more! Arts Find everything from creative ideas for using music and theater at school to craft projects you’ll love. ESL Tips for English as a Second Language and English Language Learner teachers. Social Studies Economics, history, geography, sociology, anthropology, psychology … we have you covered. Life & Well-Being 50+ Inspiring Bullet Journal Ideas To Try Right Now English Language Arts By Jill Staake, B.S., Secondary ELA Education Grades: Elementary School Best Restaurant Fundraisers for Schools and Nonprofits in 2025 School Culture & Colleagues By Jill Staake, B.S., Secondary ELA Education Grades: High School 42 Important Life Skills for Teens Social Emotional Learning By Samantha Cleaver, PhD, Special Ed & Reading Intervention How Schools Can Use AI While Protecting Student Equity, Privacy, and Inclusion Technology By Samantha Cleaver, PhD, Special Ed & Reading Intervention 35 Best Literary Halloween Costumes for Teachers and Librarians Holidays & Seasons By We Are Teachers Staff 80 Fantastic Halloween Costumes for Teachers in 2025 Holidays & Seasons By We Are Teachers Staff More teacher ideas? With We Are Teachers newsletters, get the teaching and learning ideas you want, straight to your inbox. Subscribe Select one or more of the newsletters that you’d like to receive. You can update your preferences or unsubscribe at any time. Today at We Are Teachers – Elementary Facts, prompts, activities, and more for you to use today and for the rest of the week. Today at We Are Teachers – Secondary Lesson plans, humor, advice, and more … daily to your inbox. Humor + Advice Our new 'Extra Credit' newsletter features the best of teacher Tiktok and Instagram, plus stories from We Are Teachers Helpline. See All Our Newsletters Deals & Shopping Deal of the Day: Save 15% on JanSport We’ve got winter savings in the bag. Dec 18 / BY Samantha Chaney Deal of the Day: Save 20% on Hey Dude Shoes Step into the softest savings of the season. Dec 16 / BY Samantha Chaney Best New Books in January 2026 for Kids and Teens The weather outside is frightful, but new books are so delightful! Dec 12 / BY Jill Staake, B.S., Secondary ELA Education Deal of the Day: Save 15% on Sunglasses Hut Another specs-tacular deal for you. 😎 Dec 12 / BY Samantha Chaney Teachers create all other professions. Contact Us About We Are Teachers Facebook Instagram Pinterest Write for We Are Teachers Newsletter Preferences Advertise With Us Media Kit Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Accessibility Copyright © 2025. All rights reserved. 5335 Gate Parkway, Jacksonville, FL 32256 Cookies Settings