Creative Agency - We Are Social UK Creative Agency - We Are Social UK Skip to content Toggle main menu Services Work Insights People Contact Select to toggle search form We Are Social Sport We Are Social Studios US CA-EN ES UK FR NL DE IT ME SG CN TH ID HK AU Search the site Search Close We Are Social Hype Reel 2024 Click to toggle playback Click to toggle volume Click to toggle fullscreen Scroll Down We Are Social We are a global socially-led creative agency with unrivaled social media and influencer marketing expertise. With 1,200 people spanning four continents, we deliver a global perspective to our clients in a time when social media is shaping culture. We make ideas worth talking about. We understand social behaviours within online communities, cultures and subcultures. We help our clients reach the right people in a strategic, relevant and effective way. Get in touch Important Notice: Fraudulent use of the We Are Social Brand WE WORK WITH Our Events Register Now Our Work See all See Case Study Amazon Music: The Fandom Studio Entertainment Amazon Music United Kingdom Amazon Music’s mission is to ignite fandom and bring people closer to whom and what they love. But Gen Z doesn’t want to listen to brands – they want to listen to music. So, how did we get Gen Z music fans to become fans of Amazon Music? See Case Study Prev Next See Case Study See all Our Reports See all Reports Think Forward 2026 5 Dec 2025 Reports Digital 2026 15 Oct 2025 Reports New Report: How Travel Content is ‘Getting Real’ on Social 7 Aug 2025 Reports Digital 2025 5 Feb 2025 Contact Us Let’s be social Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. First Name * Last Name * Work email * Job Title Market to contact * United Kingdom Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Indonesia Italy Netherlands Shanghai Singapore Spain Thailand United Arab Emirates United States Contact reason * Select a contact reason I'm a potential client and want to know more about We Are Social I'm a candidate and want to enquire about a position at We Are Social I'm a freelancer and want to work with We Are Social I'm an influencer and want to partner with We Are Social I'm a journalist and have a media enquiry Others Email subject * Please give a brief description of how we can help. CC Emails to add to CC, separated by a comma. Your message * Consent * By ticking this box, I confirm that I have read and accept We Are Social Ltd’s privacy policy and consent to the personal data that I have submitted to be processed by We Are Social Ltd to contact me. * CAPTCHA This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Fraudulent use of the We Are Social brand Send message Services Our Work Insights People Work With Us Get in touch We Are Social Studios We Are Social Sport We Are Social Influence Search the site Our Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Charter for Change Legal & Privacy Modern Slavery Statement Supplier Policies Fraudulent use of We Are Social brand Plus Company Ethics Report Line Find us Alphabeta, 14-18 Finsbury Square, London EC2A 1AH +44 20 3195 1700 talktous@wearesocial.net Stay up to date Subscribe to our blog for hot takes on social and internet culture. You can unsubscribe at any time. First Name * Last Name * Company Email * Consent * By ticking this box, I confirm that I have read and accept We Are Social Ltd's privacy policy and consent to the personal data that I have submitted to be processed by We Are Social Ltd to contact me. * Sign me up © 2008 - 2025  We Are Social Ltd We Are Social Ltd Registered in England and Wales, company number 06629464. Follow us View our LinkedIn profile View our Twitter profile View our YouTube channel View our instagram profile View our Facebook profile View our TikTok account Top noun_notes_3548110 (1) Fullscreen Icon Muted Icon noun_paragraph_3548109 copy Pause Icon Play Icon noun_magazine_1560992 copy ico_select_apac_sports ico_select_black ico_select_blue Button Button Combined Shape Button noun_write_3547939 Volume Icon Button Arrow Combined Shape Group Scroll Down Icon Search Combined Shape icon-facebook icon-instagram icon-linkedin icon-pinterest Play icon Search icon icon-tiktok icon-twitter icon-wechat icon-youtube