Free, responsive Weather Widget for any Website - WeatherWidget.io WeatherWidget .io ...a free, customizable, responsive weather widget that will always match your website... Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Weather Widget examples at Codepen follow Share on Facebook Tweet Share with email share Enter your location below and choose the settings, options and theme that you like. Customize as needed. Then just "Get Code" and paste the supplied snippet to the place in your website where you want the widget to appear. {{item.description}} You did not select a valid location Your entry is not long enough Location Label 1 Location Label 2 Language {{language.name}} Units {{unit.name}} Font {{font.name}} Icon Set {{iconSet.name}} Current / Forecast {{widgetMode.name}} Forecast Days {{forecastDaysNum.name}} {{o.label_1}} {{o.label_2}} {{o.weather.current.temp | temp: o.unit.code:o.language.code}} {{o.weather.current.summary}} {{day.day}} {{day.dayShort}} {{day.maxTemp | temp: o.unit.code:o.language.code}} {{day.minTemp | temp: o.unit.code:o.language.code}} drag the border to preview the widget in different sizes width: ?? px Drag the border on the right of the above widget to preview it in different sizes. View this page on a wider screen if you would like to preview how the widget responds to fill wider spaces. Features Free The Weather Widget is free to be used in any website, personal or commercial. You do not even need to sign up or give your email. Customizable You can customize nearly everything, including the label, the font, the number of forecast days and the colors of every element. Responsive This widget will respond to the size of its container. It can fit nicely in the main content area or a sidebar, while at the same time automatically respond to fit in any smartphone or tablet. Any Website The Weather Widget can be easily embedded in any website by just pasting the provided code in any place you would like the widget to appear. It has no dependencies and no server side requirements. Compatible Compatible with all modern browsers including IE11, Edge, Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera and all major mobile browsers. Multilingual Available in 27 languages. More languages coming in the future. Frequently Asked Questions Can the widget be used with digital signage, mobile apps or any other application? According to our Terms of Service our free widget may only be embedded in websites (on pages which can be accessed by anybody using a standard web browser). For Digital Signage applications we offer a pro version of the same widget with a few additional features. If interested please contact us for more details. Can the widget display weather info for the location of the visitor? No. The location needs be defined at the time the widget is created on this website. You can, however, define more than one location (up to 8) and switch between them using javascript. Documentation WeatherWidget.io provides an easy, interactive interface which you can use to build and customize a weather widget for any website. Following you can find a description for all available fields of this interface. Setting Description Select Location Search for the location for which you would like a weather widget. The location can be a country, city, village or area. Required: Yes Location Label 1 The first line of the label, e.g. the name of location. You can type anything you like, but try to keep it short (preferably less than 15 characters) Required: No Location Label 2 The second line of the label. You can type anything you like, but try to keep it short (preferably less than 15 characters) Required: No Language The language of the weather widget. 20 languages currently supported. Required: Yes Units You can select either International units (SI) with temperatures shown in degrees Celsius, or USA units with temperatures shown in degrees Fahrenheit. Required: Yes Default: International Option Description Font Select a font for the widget. Two types of fonts are available: (1) Stacks with "web safe" font-families, i.e. fonts that are usually found on most operating systems, and (2) Google fonts. For the "web safe" fonts only the first font of the stack is shown and if a user doesn't have installed on his/her system this font, then a fallback will be
							used. Required: No Default: Tahoma Icon Set Three different icon sets are currently available. They are all SVG and will therefore always look sharp. One of the icon sets is animated. Required: No Default: Iconvault Current / Forecast The weather widget can display the current weather, a weather forecast for the next few days, or both the current weather and the weather forecast. Required: No Default: Both Forecast Days The number of days to be shown in the weather forecast (not applicable when only the current weather is displayed) Required: No Default: 7 Theme Type Description Flat Themes made exclusively with flat colors. No gradients and no images are used. All colors can be customized in the "Customize" tab. Gradient A gradient is used on the background of these themes. You can change the color of the gradient by changing the "Background" color in the "Customize" tab. By adjusting the opacity of the "Background" color you can show more or less of the gradient effect. Pattern A small repeating image is used as the background of these themes. Adding a "Background" color in the "Customize" tab will hide the background image but you can still add a "Background" color with a lower opacity to create a "colorize" effect over the image pattern. Image A large image is used as the background of these themes. Adding a "Background" color in the "Customize" tab will hide the background image but you can still add a "Background" color with a lower opacity to create a "colorize" effect over the image. Weather Conditions A single "Weather Conditions" theme is currently available. This displays a different background image and colors according to the current weather. Please note that you can not customize the colors of this theme. Color name Description All The colors can be set by either typing any valid color in an input field, or by clicking the color swatch next to the field and selecting a color using the color picker. Note that the rightmost column on the color picker selects the opacity. Background The background color of the widget. With an image based theme the background color is usually removed so that the image behind it can be seen. You can also make the background, semi-transparent by lowering its opacity in order to blend and colorize whatever lies behind it. Required: No Default: None Accent This is the color background for all the odd forecast day columns (i.e. 1, 3, 5, 7). Setting this to a color (e.g. black or white) with low opacity makes it easy to blend the accent with the background color. Required: No Default: None Text The text color is used for the location labels, the current temperature, the current weather description and the day names. It is also used as the default color for all text and icon colors. Required: No Default: #000000 (black) High Temp The color for the high temperature. Required: No Default: Text color Low Temp The color for the low temperature. Required: No Default: Text color Shadow The color for the drop shadow behind text and icons. This is sometimes useful to visually separate the text and icons from the background (most useful when the background is an image or when text and icons have a similar color to the background) Required: No Default: none Sun / Thunder The color of the sun and the thunder in the icons. Required: No Default: Text color Moon The color of the moon in the icons. Required: No Default: Text color Cloud / Fog / Wind The color of the cloud, fog and wind icons. Required: No Default: Text color Cloud Fill The color for the fill (inside part) of the cloud icons. Applicable only for the animated icons (Climacons Animated). Static icons have no cloud fill. Required: No Default: Text color Rain The color of the rain drops in the icons. Required: No Default: Text color Snow / Hail The color for the snow and hail in the icons. Required: No Default: Text color Tutorial Adding the weather widget to your website takes just a couple of minutes. All you need to do is to paste the supplied code to the location where you want the widget to appear. Watch the following tutorial to learn all the details. Privacy Terms Contact Data by OpenWeather copyright © weatherwidget.io