Weathercloud | Global network of weather stations × Select your language Català Čeština Deutsch Ελληνικά English Español Français Galego Magyar Italiano Nederlands Polski Português Pусский Get started About us Plans FAQ Blog Projects Get started Welcome to Weathercloud The easiest way to share your weather data with the world. Join us today Sign up By clicking Sign up, you agree to our Terms of service and Privacy policy . Sign up. Discover how Weathercloud can help you get the most out of your weather device. Sync. Link your device with Weathercloud in a matter of seconds and start uploading your weather data automatically. Enjoy! Share your weather data with the world and follow other devices of your interest. User-friendly. Easy from the start. Weathercloud makes managing your device not only easy, but also fun. Access the app from your computer, tablet and smartphone and enjoy the same user experience across devices. Cloud database. Always with you. Store all your historical data in the cloud and access them at any time, from anywhere and on any device. Everything is automatic, so you don't have to worry about syncing again. Real-time map. Share and explore. Add your device to our weather map and start sharing your current data instantly with the world. You can also explore places of interest to find devices of other users. Dynamic plots. Powerful. Generate eye-catching plots for specific date ranges and compare different variables simultaneously. Our dynamic plots let you zoom and scroll for maximum accuracy. For your business. For free. If the weather is critical for your business, you should try Weathercloud. We help you easily share the current weather conditions at your hotel, ski resort or windsurf spot with your customers. And much more coming soon. Stay tuned! We work constantly to improve Weathercloud with new features. Don't hesitate to send us your ideas and suggestions and we'll do our best to add them in future updates. Follow us on social media. Terms Privacy Cookies © 2025 Weathercloud English Weathercloud uses cookies and similar technologies to customize the content we provide and to analyze the navigation in order to offer you a better, faster and safer experience. To use Weathercloud, you must agree to the use we make of these technologies. Read more . I agree