Apple Developer
News
Discover
Design
Develop
Distribute
Support
Account
WeatherKit
Overview
Get started with WeatherKit

WeatherKit brings valuable weather information to your apps and services through a wide range of data that can help people stay up to date, safe, and prepared. It’s easy to use WeatherKit in your apps on Apple platforms with a Swift API, and on any other platform with a REST API.

Powered by Apple Weather

WeatherKit is powered by the Apple Weather service, a state-of-the-art global weather forecast that provides all of the data you need to power your app with timely, hyperlocal weather information. This enables your app to offer current weather conditions and 10-day hourly forecasts for temperature, precipitation, wind, UV Index, and more. Minute-by-minute precipitation for the next hour and severe weather alerts are available for select regions.

Easy to use

WeatherKit includes a Swift API that leverages modern Swift syntax. And with Swift concurrency, it’s easy to request weather data with just a few lines of code. WeatherKit is also customizable, so you can request just the data you need. And because WeatherKit is built on time-tested Foundation and CoreLocation APIs, it’s simple to format measurements, convert units, and get location information.

Privacy first

In keeping with Apple’s commitment to privacy, WeatherKit is designed to give hyperlocal forecasts without compromising user data. Location information is used only to provide weather forecasts, is not associated with any personally identifiable information, and is never tracked between requests.

What’s new
Add details to the daily forecast, including snowfall total, sleet total, maximum and minimum visibility, and forecasts for daytime and overnight.
Add cloud cover percentage by cloud layer to the current weather forecast.
Provide additional context to current weather with comparisons to historical averages.
Help users better prepare for tomorrowʼs weather with information about significant temperature and precipitation changes.
Inform users about past temperature and precipitation statistics with historical averages by month and day of year.

Available in iOS 18, iPadOS 18, macOS 15, watchOS 11, tvOS 18, and visionOS 2.

Requirements
Apple Developer Program membership

Access to WeatherKit is included in the Apple Developer Program, which also provides the tools, resources, and support you need to develop and distribute apps — including access to beta software, app services, testing tools, app analytics, and more.

Software

WeatherKit requires iOS 16, iPadOS 16, macOS 13, tvOS 16, visionOS 1.0, or watchOS 9 or later. REST APIs can be used for websites and other platforms.

Availability and pricing

WeatherKit provides up to 500,000 API calls a month per Apple Developer Program membership. If you need additional API calls, the Account Holder of your Apple Developer Program membership can subscribe in the Account tab of the Apple Developer app. Subscription plans are priced in U.S. dollars, or in local currency where available.

500,000 calls/month: Included with membership
1 million calls/month: US$49.99
2 million calls/month: US$99.99
5 million calls/month: US$249.99
10 million calls/month: US$499.99
20 million calls/month: US$999.99
50 million calls/month: US$2,499.99
100 million calls/month: US$4,999.99
150 million calls/month: US$7,499.99
200 million calls/month: US$9,999.99

The Account Holder can upgrade or downgrade a subscription at any time. If the Account Holder:

Upgrades a subscription, a new billing period is started and you can start using the new plan immediately. Your quota resets to 0 and the number of API calls is replaced based on the new subscription.
Downgrades a subscription, you can continue to use your current plan during the current billing period.

Please note that unused API calls don’t roll over to the next month.

Attribution requirements

When using WeatherKit in your apps, web apps, or websites, you’ll need to follow guidelines and requirements for attributing weather data from Apple. For details, view the attribution requirements section below.

Tools and documentation
Xcode and APIs

For apps on Apple platforms, the WeatherKit framework is included in Xcode 14 or later. For other platforms and websites, use the WeatherKit REST API.

Certificates, Identifiers & Profiles

Use Certificates, Identifiers & Profiles to configure your Service ID and keys to access the Apple Weather service. Once you implement WeatherKit, you’ll be able to view your API call usage.

Videos and documentation
“Meet WeatherKit” from WWDC22
Configuration details
WeatherKit framework
WeatherKit REST API
Apple Weather and third-party attribution

If your apps, web apps, or websites display any weather data from Apple (other than weather alerts or value-added services or products, as described below), you must clearly display the Apple Weather trademark (Weather), as well as the legal link to other data sources.

Weather alerts
All weather alerts displayed must contain an embedded link to the Apple weather alert details page provided to you by Apple.
All weather alert titles or descriptions must contain the full name of the source meteorological agency that issued the alert. For additional information on the applicable meteorological agency and the licensing terms governing the use and distribution of these weather alerts, please visit the applicable Apple weather alert details page.
You must not modify, change, alter, or obscure the text of a severe weather alert in any way.
Value-added services or products

Value-added services or products means data, products, and/or services you develop that are derived from weather data from Apple and are transformed so that no user or other third party can discover, access, reverse engineer, or otherwise ascertain or use the original weather data from Apple. When displaying value-added services or products, you agree to attribute the source of the data to “Weather”, along with a notice that the data provided by Apple has been modified.

Help and contacting us
Apple Developer Forums

Post questions and share technical information with other developers and Apple engineers.

View forums

Feedback Assistant

File bug reports, and request enhancements to APIs and developer tools.

Go to Feedback Assistant

Apple Developer Support

Have a question? Apple Developer Support can help. Receive guidance by phone or email.

Contact us

Developer Footer
Some features are available only in select regions.

Apple
Developer
WeatherKit
Platforms
iOS
iPadOS
macOS
tvOS
visionOS
watchOS
Tools
Swift
SwiftUI
Swift Playground
TestFlight
Xcode
Xcode Cloud
Icon Composer
SF Symbols
Topics & Technologies
Accessibility
Accessories
Apple Intelligence
App Store
Audio & Video
Augmented Reality
Business
Design
Distribution
Education
Fonts
Games
Health & Fitness
In-App Purchase
Localization
Maps & Location
Machine Learning & AI
Open Source
Security
Safari & Web
Resources
Documentation
Sample Code
Tutorials
Downloads
Forums
Videos
Support
Support Articles
Contact Us
Bug Reporting
System Status
Account
Apple Developer
App Store Connect
Certificates, IDs, & Profiles
Feedback Assistant
Programs
Apple Developer Program
Apple Developer Enterprise Program
App Store Small Business Program
MFi Program
Mini Apps Partner Program
News Partner Program
Video Partner Program
Security Bounty Program
Security Research Device Program
Events
Meet with Apple
Apple Developer Centers
App Store Awards
Apple Design Awards
Apple Developer Academies
WWDC
Get the Apple Developer app.
Light
Dark
Auto
English
简体中文
日本語
한국어
Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use Privacy Policy Agreements and Guidelines