Contact us
Sign up
Sign in
$
USD
Domains
NEW
Hosting
WordPress
Email
Marketing Tools
NEW
Security
NEW
Transfer to Us
TRY ME
Help Center
NEW
Account
NEW
Web hosting for every need

Your path to the perfect hosting plan starts here

Find Your Plan
Get more with your hosting, pay less

Make the most with your hosting plan, all for a price that fits your budget.

Absolutely no hidden fees

Free hosting migrations

24/7 Chat with experts

Explore more benefits
Online beginners

Start small and spend less

Ideal for setting up your personal website, WordPress blog or business landing page, these hosting plans are simple and affordable.

View plans
Small businesses

Get more power and control

Ideal if you’re a solopreneur, e-commerce specialist, or web developer looking to add more power and speed to your company website or online business.

View plans
Large businesses

Invest in maximum power

Perfect for websites that demand the highest performance, enjoy all the flexibility and security with sole access to every resource.

View plans
Choose your hosting

Whether it’s for personal or business use, you need a web hosting service like Namecheap's to get your ideas online. No matter which plan you choose, you can count on us for reliability, security, and a stress-free experience.

Shared Hosting →

All you need to build your online presence, the easy and affordable way.

Reseller Hosting →

Be your own boss by reselling hosting plans to your clients.

WordPress Hosting →

Set up your website in less than 2 minutes with EasyWP.

Email Hosting →

Promote your personal or professional brand with every email you send.

VPS →

Virtual servers provide control and flexibility when your business needs it.

Dedicated Servers →

Top-tier performance to take your business to the next level.

Finding it hard to choose a plan? We can help

Take our quiz to discover the perfect match for your needs.

Take the Quiz
Featured hosting plans

Meet the offers you can’t refuse.

Featured
Online beginners
Small businesses
Large businesses
59% off
Stellar
Shared Hosting

Host up to 3 websites with the CMS of your choice. Includes a free Website Builder and email service.

Go to Shared →
$1.98/mo
$4.88
On first year
Get Started
50% off
Stellar Business
Shared Hosting

Cloud power your business with unmetered bandwidth and free automatic backups.

Go to Shared →
$4.98/mo
$9.88
On first year
Get Started
100% off
EasyWP Starter
WordPress Hosting

Receive up to 50k visitors/mo and enjoy 10 GB storage with a WordPress cloud hosting plan.

Go to WordPress Hosting →
$0.00/mo
$9.88
On first month
Get Started
100% off
Starter
Email Hosting

Domain-based email at a price that can’t be beat. Includes all the tools you need to maximize your productivity.

Go to Email Hosting →
$0.00/mo
$14.88/yr
On first 2 months
Try for Free
Quasar
VPS Hosting

Linux-based virtual servers include full root access, giving you all the flexibility to run your business.

Go to VPS →
$15.88/mo
Get Started
Magnetar
VPS Hosting

The most powerful VPS at Namecheap with extended hardware resources plus all the benefits of regular VPS hosting plans.

Go to VPS →
$28.88/mo
Get Started
22% off
Xeon E3-1241 v3
Dedicated Hosting

Invest in a physical server that’s 100% yours. Includes full root access and all the customization possibilities.

Go to Dedicated Servers →
$49.88/mo
$63.88
On first month
Get Started
Why Namecheap?
Customer service

You will find our Support Team to be everything you need in terms of friendly and helpful assistance. These are real people who are ready to help you out with any issue on a 24/7 basis.

Privacy and security

At Namecheap, we prioritize your online privacy and security, and we support the rights of individuals and consumers online at all times. Keeping the Internet open, free, and safe for all users comes first for us.

Your business online

Finding industry-premium hosting services and products at affordable prices will hugely benefit your business. All our services are here to provide you with an improved Internet experience.

Rated 4.7 out of 5 by 2M+ customers

Real customer ratings and reviews at Shopper Approved. Read them all →

Namecheap Web Hosting benefits
Never pay for hosting migration

Already have web hosting and want to change your provider? From start to finish, Namecheap migration is free, fast, and easy. No surprises along the way.

Go easy on your wallet

Enjoy top-notch hosting services at a fraction of the price you’d pay with other web hosting companies. With us, you get all the hosting bells and whistles, without breaking the bank.

Expect & receive 24/7 Support

Need some help? Our dedicated team of hosting experts is standing by, ready to help via Live Chat. Whether you’re just starting out or there’s an issue that needs fixing, we’re here for you—every step of the way.

Sit back & relax

When you decide to web host with us, you’re in the very best of hands. Rest assured that your needs come first and trust that any changes made will benefit you (extra security features, stable backups, and uptime guarantees).

Related articles
Hosting vs. domain

Learning how they work together

Read more
How to choose the best site and site-engine hosting
Read more
Why VPS hosting is perfect for developers
Read more
Frequently asked questions
What is web hosting and what is it for?

In order for your website to be seen online, you need a web hosting service. Web hosting services differ by how the servers are set up (i.e. the space allocated) and the type of access that people (aka hosting customers) have to them. All websites we visit have web hosts. The main types of website hosting are Shared, Dedicated, VPS, and Reseller. Learn more about web hosting →

What is Shared Hosting?

Shared Hosting is a type of web hosting where a single physical server hosts multiple websites. Considered the cheapest hosting plan, many users utilize the resources and web hosting services on a single server, which keeps the costs low. Users each get a section of that server where they can host their website files. Shared servers can host hundreds of users. Each customer who uses the Shared Hosting server has access to such features as databases, monthly traffic reports, disk space, email accounts, FTP accounts, and other add-ons offered by the web hosting provider. System resources are shared on-demand by users on the server, where each one gets a percentage of everything from RAM and CPU as well as the single MySQL, Apache, and mail servers. Learn more about cheap hosting plans →

What is WordPress Hosting?

Managed WordPress Hosting simply means that all technical aspects of running WordPress sites are taken care of (i.e. managed) by the web hosting provider. Namecheap’s Managed WordPress Hosting, EasyWP, also features a user-friendly dashboard that allows you to update, manage, and back up all of your future installations. This means that with managed hosting, you don’t have to figure out how to use a control panel (cPanel or Plesk) to manage your website. (As a friendly reminder, cPanel is a dashboard that is used to control your hosting service.)

What is VPS Hosting?

VPS (Virtual Private Server) Hosting is the best web hosting type for those who have outgrown Shared Hosting. Since multiple websites reside on a single web server with Shared Hosting, with no guarantee of resources, VPS Hosting allows for fewer users to share allocated resources of hard drive space, memory, and processor power. Each user on a VPS server has access to a virtual machine that runs on its own copy of an Operating System (OS). This lets VPS Hosting customers experience web hosting services with similar capabilities and performance levels as Dedicated Server plans.

What is Reseller Hosting?

Reseller Hosting is a form of web hosting where the account owner has the ability to use their allotted hard drive space and bandwidth to host websites on behalf of third parties. In other words, the reseller purchases the provider’s wholesale hosting solutions and then sells them to their clients/customers for a profit. Want more info? Check out Namecheap's “Getting Started” guide for Reseller Hosting.

Why should I use Email Hosting from Namecheap?

Although some web hosting providers offer free email, there’s often very few features and little-to-no support included. Private Email Hosting from Namecheap, however, features a premium interface with way more flexibility and cloud power to manage all your communication—both personal and professional. Learn more about what we offer →

What is your money-back guarantee?

First-time EasyWP, VPS, Reseller, and Shared Hosting customers are eligible for our 30-day money-back guarantee. Dedicated Hosting customers are offered a refundable period of 7 days. Addons for web hosting services and Private Email Hosting are non-refundable. Read more about our website hosting guarantee →

Does Namecheap provide an uptime guarantee for web hosting?

Whenever you purchase web hosting plans from us, we offer you a monthly uptime guarantee. If for some reason we don’t deliver on this guarantee, which is determined by Namecheap, you’ll be eligible for a prolonged service cycle—depending on your chosen web hosting plan. Learn more →

Does web hosting include a free domain name?

Your annual Shared Hosting plan comes with one domain name on offer. You have a wide range of top-level domain names (TLDs) available with discounts up to 100% for the first year. You may check the offers here. Shared Hosting customers also receive 50 free SSL certificates and free automatic backups. For our VPS and Dedicated Hosting customers, your server setup is completely taken care of. If you’re looking to build your website, our Shared and Reseller Hosting customers are encouraged to take advantage of our free Website Builder tool as well as a control panel (cPanel). For Private Email Hosting, you can enjoy a two-month trial for free.

What Namecheap web hosting plans are suitable for my WordPress website?

All of our web hosting services, besides Email Hosting, work with your website. If you’re a beginner and you’re looking for the simplest way to host, we recommend EasyWP, which takes care of all the technical aspects, or Shared Hosting, which is one of the cheapest web hosting plans and also features the free Website Builder tool. If you’re looking for the best web hosting service to scale to your business needs, a VPS or Dedicated Server is the perfect website hoster choice. Learn more about the types of web hosting →

Which type of web hosting is best for me?

If you’re not completely sure which type of web hosting to go for, it might be a good idea to take our Hosting Quiz. This will help to show you which web hosting is best suited to your individual needs at this stage in your web project.

Disclaimers

Our Stellar Plus Plan offers unmetered disk space, intended only for your website. This space must be used in accordance with our Acceptable Use Policy (AUP), in particular Paragraph 10, Disk Usage Provision.

Only first-time Shared Hosting customers and VPS hosting customers are eligible for our 30-day money-back guarantee. For example, if you previously created an account with Namecheap, subsequently canceled and signed up again, unfortunately you are ineligible for a refund. The same scenario applies to those who have already opened a second Namecheap account. Please be aware that the sales of Dedicated Servers are only refundable within 7 days (not including addons and licenses).

Free domains that are not considered "premium" are available with annual or biennial plans in the first year. Learn more about premium domain names →
Please note only one domain name is allowed per hosting plan.

Cloud Storage is available with all Stellar plans with EU and Singapore datacenters and Stellar Business plans with a US datacenter.

On your EasyWP website, you’ll be able to install all the plugins available for WordPress, with a few exceptions. Since the EasyWP plugin already handles three different layers of advanced caching, you don’t need to install any caching plugins. Please note that some untrusted plugins can’t be activated. Check the full list.

Recommended visitor and page view limits are subject to our Hosting Acceptable Use Policy.

All Namecheap Private Email plans have 60 days free trial period. Starter plan free trials are limited to 5 per Namecheap account. Pro and Ultimate plan free trials are limited to 1 per account. All trial offerings can not be used more than once per domain.

Trial subscriptions are considered a regular purchase so no introductory offers may be used for renewals after the trial period ends.

Depending on the Server Management Plan, additional software and resources chosen for VPS and Dedicated Servers may incur a higher fee.

Namecheap does not charge an additional fee to transfer an existing website and/or a Dedicated Server or VPS. Please note that a cPanel to cPanel transfer is fully supported while other transfer options may need to be checked by our Technical Team.

Our advertised discount offer for Stellar plans only applies to purchases of annual and biennial plans. This discount offer does not apply to renewals.

Need help? We're always here for you.

Go to Live Chat page
We ❤️ Ukraine. Namecheap is a US based registrar. Many of our colleagues originate from or are located within Ukraine. To support Ukraine in their time of need visit this 
page
.

We make registering, hosting, and managing domains for yourself or others easy and affordable, because the internet needs people.

About Namecheap

Read our blog

Join Our Newsletter & Marketing Communication
We'll send you news and offers.

Join
Domains
Domain Name Search
Domain Transfer
New TLDs
Handshake domainsNEW
Personal Domain
Namecheap Market
Whois Lookup
PremiumDNS
FreeDNS
Hosting
Shared Hosting
WordPress Hosting
Reseller Hosting
VPS Hosting
Dedicated Servers
Private Email Hosting
Migrate to Namecheap
WordPress
Shared Hosting
WordPress Hosting
Migrate WordPress
Security
Domain Privacy
Website SecurityNEW
Fix Hacked WebsiteSOS
Domain VaultNEW
PremiumDNS
CDN
FastVPNUPDATED
Cyber InsuranceNEW
2FA
Public DNS
Anti-Spam Protection
Transfer to UsTRY ME
Domain Transfer
Migrate Hosting
Migrate WordPress
Migrate Email
SSL Certificates
Comodo
Organization Validation
Domain Validation
Extended Validation
Single Domain
Wildcard
Multi-Domain
Resellers
SSL Certificates
Reseller Hosting
Promos
Guru Guides
Help Center
Status Updates
Knowledgebase
How-To Videos
Submit Ticket
Live Chat
Report Abuse
Marketing Tools
Marketplace
How to Get StartedNEW
Business Starter KitFREE
Business FormationFREE
Relate Marketing SuiteSAVE
RelateSEOAI
RelateSocialNEWAI
RelateReviewsNEWAI
RelateAdsAI
RelateLocalAI
Brand MonitoringAI
Visual
Site MakerNEW
Font MakerNEW
Logo MakerAI
Business Name Generator
Stencil Graphics
Business Card Maker
Careers
Affiliates
Send us Feedback

The entirety of this site is protected by copyright © 2000–2025 Namecheap, Inc.

4600 East Washington Street, Suite 300, Phoenix, AZ 85034, USA

Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyUDRPDomain Registration Data Disclosure PolicyCookie Preferences
WE SUPPORT
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Fight For The Future

We are an ICANN-accredited registrar.
Serving customers since 2001.

Payment Options

American Express
Bitcoin
MasterCard
PayPal
Visa
Discover
Android app on google play
iOS App Store