web.dev Skip to main content Resources Web Platform Dive into the web platform, at your pace. HTML CSS JavaScript User experience Learn how to build better user experiences. Performance Accessibility Identity Learn Get up to speed on web development. Learn HTML Learn CSS Learn JavaScript Learn Performance Learn Accessibility More courses Additional resources Explore content collections, patterns, and more. AI and the web Explore PageSpeed Insights Patterns Podcasts & shows Developer Newsletter About web.dev Baseline How to use Baseline Blog Case Studies / English Deutsch Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Polski Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe עברית العربيّة فارسی हिंदी বাংলা ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어 Sign in Guidance to build modern web experiences that work on any browser. Resources More Baseline How to use Baseline Blog Case Studies Web Platform HTML CSS JavaScript User experience Performance Accessibility Identity Learn Learn HTML Learn CSS Learn JavaScript Learn Performance Learn Accessibility More courses Additional resources AI and the web Explore PageSpeed Insights Patterns Podcasts &amp; shows Developer Newsletter About web.dev web.dev Stay organized with collections Save and categorize content based on your preferences. Building a better web, together We want to help you build beautiful, accessible, fast, and secure websites that work cross-browser, and for all of your users. This site is our home for content to help you on that journey, written by members of the Chrome team, and external experts who specialize in web development topics such as accessibility, performance, design, and more. AI and the web Discover resources created to help you understand and build performant, web-first experiences with AI. Learn more Optimize INP Interaction to Next Paint (INP) is now a Core Web Vital metrics. Start measuring and optimizing your site's INP. Learn more Payments & Identity Read up on the latest features and best practices when it comes to identity and payment processing. Learn more Explore the web platform Start exploring The web platform is a constantly evolving ecosystem of browser features and APIs for developers to make websites that are easy and delightful to use. These pages are pathways for you to dive into each part of the web platform on web.dev—at your pace. image HTML HTML is the document layer of the web, providing structure and semantics for pages. Learn more web CSS CSS is the presentation layer of the web, and allows you to make your web pages look exactly like you imagine. Learn more timer JavaScript JavaScript adds rich interactivity to web pages, so you can build websites that help users to perform tasks and accomplish goals. Learn more Learn the web platform Start learning New to the web platform? We've got you covered! Dive into each layer, with courses curated specifically for beginners to HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Course Learn HTML A solid overview of HTML for developers, from novice to expert level HTML. Start course Course Learn CSS A guide to CSS with modules covering everything from accessibility to z-index. Start course Course Learn JavaScript An in-depth course on the basics of JavaScript. Start course Keep up on web development news Read our blog to learn the latest news in web development, including new web platform features, updates to Baseline, AI, Core Web Vitals, and more. Read the blog Baseline Get up to speed with the latest updates and news on Baseline . More on Baseline November 2025 Baseline monthly digest Read about various happenings with Baseline during November 2025. Announcing Baseline in action Baseline in action is a new series developed to help developers learn how to use Baseline features together to build better user experiences. October 2025 Baseline monthly digest Read about various happenings with Baseline during October 2025. Container queries and units in action Learn how to use CSS container queries for adding both responsive typography and styles based on container dimensions in this guide, complete with demo. CSS and UI design Learn the latest tips and techniques to use in your work, right now. Explore CSS Adapting typography to user preference using CSS Adapt a font to your users' preferences, so they're maximally comfortable reading your content. New CSS color spaces and functions in all major engines All major engines now support the new CSS color spaces and functions. Find out how they can bring vibrancy to your designs. What are source maps? Improve web debugging experience with source maps. CSS subgrid Subgrid is now interoperable across all three major engines. Find out how to use it. Core Web Vitals Build faster websites and apps by understanding Core Web Vitals and other metrics. Explore Core Web Vitals The most effective ways to improve Core Web Vitals A collection of best practices for optimizing websites' Core Web Vitals performance based on the state of the web. How to optimize INP Learn how to optimize for the Interaction to Next Paint metric. Common misconceptions about how to optimize LCP Explore common misconceptions about optimizing Largest Contentful Paint by looking beyond image optimization and considering factors like Time to First Byte and resource load delay. Best practices for measuring Web Vitals in the field Guidance for collecting and reporting Web Vitals quickly and reliably. Progressive Web Apps Create capable web experiences. More on PWA Learn PWA A course that breaks down every aspect of modern progressive web app development. TransformStream is now supported cross browser. Now that transform streams are supported in Safari, Firefox, and Chrome they are finally ready for prime time. New patterns for amazing apps Dive into a fantastic collection of new patterns for amazing apps, including clipboard patterns, file patterns, and advanced app patterns. Project Fugu API showcase On the Chrome Developers site, explore capabilities APIs. Accessible for all Learn how to make your sites more accessible for people with disabilities, whether permanent, temporary, or situational. More on accessibility Learn Accessibility Our new course is a great entry point and reference for accessibility topics. Testing web design color contrast An overview of three tools and techniques for testing and verifying accessible color contrast of your design. Building the main navigation for a website This tutorial describes how to build an accessible main navigation of a website. You learn about semantic HTML, accessibility, and how using ARIA attributes can sometimes do more harm than good. Community highlight: Melanie Sumner Read our interview with Melanie, a software engineer who specializes in digital accessibility. Payments and identity Find the latest techniques and best practices for payments and helping users safely log into your sites and apps. More on identity Create a passkey for passwordless logins Passkeys make user accounts safer, simpler, easier to use. Sign in with a passkey Create a sign in experience that uses passkeys while still accommodating existing password users. Web payments overview Learn more about Web Payments and how they work. Payment and address form best practices Maximize conversions by helping your users complete address and payment forms as quickly and easily as possible. Developer Newsletter Get the latest news, techniques and updates straight to your inbox. web.dev web.dev We want to help you build beautiful, accessible, fast, and secure websites that work cross-browser, and for all of your users. This site is our home for content to help you on that journey, written by members of the Chrome team, and external experts. Contribute File a bug See open issues Related Content Chrome for Developers Chromium updates Case studies Podcasts & shows Follow @ChromiumDev on X YouTube Chrome for Developers on LinkedIn RSS Terms Privacy Manage cookies English Deutsch Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Polski Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe עברית العربيّة فارسی हिंदी বাংলা ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어