Firebase Hosting | Fast, secure hosting for static websites Skip to main content Build Build Get to market quickly and securely with products that can scale globally Go to Build Build Products App Check App Hosting Authentication Cloud Functions Cloud Storage Data Connect Extensions Firebase ML Firestore Genkit Hosting Phone Number Verification Realtime Database Firebase AI Logic client SDKs Generative AI Run Run Run your app with confidence and deliver the best experience for your users Go to Run Run Products A/B Testing App Distribution Cloud Messaging Crashlytics Google Analytics In-App Messaging Performance Monitoring Remote Config Test Lab Solutions Pricing Docs Overview Fundamentals AI Build Run Reference Samples Community Learn Events Stories Support / English Español – América Latina Indonesia Português – Brasil 中文 – 简体 日本語 한국어 Blog Studio Go to console Sign in Build More Run More Solutions Pricing Docs More Community More Support Blog Studio Go to console Build Go to Build Build Products App Check App Hosting Authentication Cloud Functions Cloud Storage Data Connect Extensions Firebase ML Firestore Genkit Hosting Phone Number Verification Realtime Database Firebase AI Logic client SDKs Generative AI Run Go to Run Run Products A/B Testing App Distribution Cloud Messaging Crashlytics Google Analytics In-App Messaging Performance Monitoring Remote Config Test Lab Overview Fundamentals AI Build Run Reference Samples Learn Events Stories Firebase Send feedback Stay organized with collections Save and categorize content based on your preferences. Firebase Hosting Fast, secure hosting for static websites Optimized for static and single-page web apps. Deploy static websites in seconds using a global CDN. Preview, deploy, and roll back with the Firebase CLI. Get started View docs arrow_forward If you're looking to host full-stack web apps, Try App Hosting Fast and secure, out of the box Deliver your content securely with built-in zero-configuration SSL certificates. Files are cached at CDN edges around the world, and served as gzip or Brotli for the smallest, best-compressed version of your content, based on what your user's client is able to handle. Preview and share changes Deploy to a shareable, temporary preview channel to preview your site with your team before going live. Multiple frameworks, one command Build static websites with popular frameworks like React, Vite, Vue and more. Deploy with a single command using the Firebase CLI: firebase deploy . Start now, and pay as you go Get started with 10 GB of storage and up to 360 MB/day of data transfer, free of charge. Custom domain, global CDN, and SSL certificate included. Learn to do more with Hosting Server-side analytics with Cloud Logging Know your visitors, your site's response statuses, the latency of end user requests, and more. Read more Smooth deployment with GitHub GitHub Actions integration gives you auto-deploy on push. Read more Easier internationalization Serve country and language specific content, backed by the power of a global CDN. Read more Documentation Learn more about Firebase Hosting through our documentation. View docs Pricing No-Cost to get started, and then pay as you go. View pricing Try Firebase today Integrating it into your app is easy. Get started All Firebase products Build App Check App Hosting Authentication Cloud Functions Cloud Storage Data Connect Extensions Firestore Firebase ML Genkit Hosting Phone Number Verification Realtime Database Firebase AI Logic client SDKs Generative AI Run A/B Testing App Distribution Cloud Messaging Crashlytics Google Analytics In-App Messaging Performance Monitoring Remote Config Test Lab Learn Developer guides SDK & API reference Samples Libraries GitHub Stay connected Check out the blog Find us on Reddit Follow on X Subscribe on YouTube Attend an event Support Contact support Stack Overflow Slack community Google group Release notes Brand guidelines FAQs Android Chrome Firebase Google Cloud Platform All products Terms Privacy Manage cookies English Español – América Latina Indonesia Português – Brasil 中文 – 简体 日本語 한국어