Webasto Group - Feel the Drive Home About Us Close Menu About Us Products & Solutions Close Menu Products & Solutions Evolutions Close Menu Evolutions Services Close Menu Services Close Menu #Search Dealer Locator Press Career Dealer Portal Region Main Menu Choose Region and Language Europe & Middle East Americas Asia Pacific International Europe & Middle East Germany DE France FR Netherlands NL Italy IT Spain ES Turkey TR Austria DE International EN Americas America EN International EN Asia Pacific Korea KO India EN Japan JA China ZH International EN International EN International EN Contact Cookies Data Privacy Imprint Whistleblowing GTC Feel the Drive Fascinating roof systems Electrifying solutions Previous Next Hero1 Hero2 Hero3 The Purpose of Webasto: Make individual mobility more enjoyable and sustainable by advancing technology and people Innovative roof systems for next level of joy and design. High-performance heating and battery systems for efficient and dynamic electromobility. As one of the top 100 automotive suppliers worldwide, Webasto actively supports the transformation of the industry with expertise and future-oriented solutions. With more than 50 locations worldwide, Webasto is close to customers around the globe. Products & Solutions by Webasto Roof Innovative roof systems With innovative roof systems Webasto creates pure joy and driving fun. As an all-roof company, we serve the entire technological diversity from the fixed or openable panoramic roofs and convertibles to roof solutions for autonomous driving. Innovative high-tech glass in all roof systems makes driving a special experience. More about Battery Electrifying battery solutions With OEM-specific battery solutions as well as our modular, standardized battery system, we can meet a wide variety of customer requirements. Durability, safety and performance are a matter of course for us and guarantee sustainable solutions for clean mobility. More about Heating Comfortable warmth The versatile heating solutions from Webasto are suitable for cars, buses, trucks, special vehicles, boats and motorhomes. Reliable and high quality - Webasto heating solutions always provide the best comfort. More about Cooling Customized cooling Upgrade your comfort and reliability on the road, sea, or RV life with cooling products from Webasto— rooftop air conditioning, parking coolers, fridges and more! More about Find your product Our product world Product finder Are you looking for a specific Webasto product? The Webasto product finder is the perfect tool to filter products in regards to vehicle type or product segment. To ensure quick access to the ideal solution. Choice per vehicle type Choice per product segment Developer coder looking on computer, programming code reflecting in glasses. Car makers Innovate mobility Webasto supplies automotive manufacturers globally with roof, battery & thermo systems. Learn more about our extensive solutions. More about End customers Find your dealer With the Webasto Dealer Locator you can find the closest Webasto contact and you can request an offer for your favoured product. Request your offer Responsibility Making a difference for our environment and society Responsibility with a long-term view is one of the core values at Webasto. It means adding value for our planet and our people, by pursuing strategic sustainable targets and supporting personal growth. Clear commitments make the difference. Our commitment Career Looking for an inspiring job? Webasto starts with WE. Great team spirit is one of various aspects that make working at Webasto unique. Based on a strong value-based culture, people at Webasto are fostered in their development and supported in their growth ambition. "Advancing technology and people" is part of our purpose. Join our team Latest news & press releases Product finder Dealer Locator Contact Products Water heaters Air heaters Hybrid heaters Parking coolers Solutions Roof Battery Heating Cooling About Us The Group Responsibility Career Newsroom Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter and stay informed. Register now © Webasto Group 2025 Contact Cookies Data Privacy Imprint Whistleblowing GTC Your browser does not support JavaScript. Some components may not be visible.