skip to main content
Main Navigation
services
articles
resources
projects
community

Search: 

Introduction to Web Accessibility

WebAIM Training

We have web accessibility in mind

Expanding the potential of the web for people with disabilities by empowering individuals and organizations to create accessible content.

Accessibility Training

WebAIM can provide web, document, Zoom, and strategic accessibility training to fit your needs.

Technical Assistance

Need assistance implementing accessibility? WebAIM's expert staff can provide the assistance you need.

Accessibility in Procurement

Tools and processes to help organizations account for accessibility in purchasing or using technology.

Evaluation and Reporting

We can provide reports to help you know how accessible your site is and how to make it better.

Community
Newsletter
WebAIM Blog
WebAIM Conference
LinkedIn
Current Features
Global Digital Accessibility Salary Survey #2

This survey seeks to collect salary and other data from web accessibility professionals.

Take the survey

The WebAIM Million - 2025 Update

This year's automated WAVE analysis of the home pages for the top one million web sites is now available. This research is supported in part by BrowserStack.

Read the WebAIM Million report

Celebrating WebAIM's 25th Anniversary

WebAIM began in October, 1999. We reflect on the past 25 years and look forward to improved accessibility in the future.

Read more about WebAIM's 25th anniversary

Archive of featured items…

WebAIM Trainings
Document Accessibility Online Course
January cohort
open for enrollment
Accessibility in Technology Procurement and Use
January 21
Online
Virtual Web Accessibility Training
February 18–19
Online
©2025 WebAIM

Utah State University
6807 Old Main Hill
Logan, UT 84322-6807
435.797.7024

Check Your Accessibility
Web site address:  
From the Blog
2026 Predictions: The Next Big Shifts in Web Accessibility
Word and PowerPoint Alt Text Roundup
Accessibility by Design: Preparing K–12 Schools for What’s Next
Up and Coming ARIA 
Popular Resources
WebAIM Training
WCAG 2 Checklist
WebAIM Monthly Newsletter
Color Contrast Checker
Web Accessibility for Designers
WAVE Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool
Contact About RSS Feeds LinkedIn Copyright & Terms of Use