Webanketa: Free creation of questionnaires, surveys, tests and polls! Collapse Introduce yourself, please! ! Login (or email) Forgot the password ! Password Sign in Good afternoon! Sign in / Registration Leave comment Report an error Leave comment Create form My forms News Information Tariffs This site is not designed for pocket devices and has not been tested to match them. Neither has it  this site been checked to match your browser. For proper performance it's better to use something less exotic: Firefox , Internet Explorer , Opera , Safari or Chrome . Your browser is a bit outdated for this site. You'd rather update it for better performance Free creation of questionnaires, surveys, tests and polls! Create form Answer and earn! Businesses and organizations find out how your colleagues understand the goals of your company. assess the effectiveness of your business. allow your personnel to anonymously express their views and opinions. assess the usefulness of a corporate website. For students and educational institutions scientific surveys surveys for holders of master degrees and theses tests and samples of examination tests check for level of satisfaction with tutoring signing in for conferences Entrepreneurs. Commerce and Business find out how the customers feel about your products assess the quality of servicing your customers assess the chances of success of a new product on the market assess new ideas Blogs and forums question your readers question the participants of your forum/blog signing in of conferences participants Individual interviews order from us the individual polls of either level of complexity find out how a certain group of consumers feel about your products and services divide the polls by cities, regions, district and countries Polls friends and classmates create polls and questionnaires on any subjects find out opinion of your friends on any problems question them anonymously on what you feared to ask News 12.12 2013 Payment We today introduce a paid subscription for those busy in polling at the level which might be called as "Professional". All basic functions are still accessible as before for free use. Restricted were only such functions as the possibility to insert one's own Google Analytics counter, transmit a form to another user, and export form arguments. Apart from that, paid subscribers will not have reflected on their forms our logo and our buttons. Users with a free tariff will however come across a restriction in the number of respondent collected 200 answers to each form (or 100 in case if the user has more than 10 questionnaires stored). Though this restriction does not apply to forms which have already collected more answers than an established restriction or contains only one question. 23.04 2013 Conditional output of form elements (branching) We are finally prepared to present to our users our own realization of the so-called logics of poll branching. A special emphasis was laid on mechanism made easy to understand by unprepared users, why it was decided to realize this mechanism by providing for any form element or whole pages conditions required to map this element or page. Conditions may proceed from both earlier input answers to this form and from arguments using which the form was opened. So the form authors can address their respondents to one and the same form with different arguments, and, depending upon an argument sent, output or not output specific questions. 01.07 2012 Works are continued After a lot of request from user to make it possible to restore accidentally removed questionnaires, we attempted to complicate the process of removal so as to reduce the number of accidental functioning. But this wouldn't work. The users continued to remove their questionnaires by carelessness. As a result, we decide to realize a two-level removal: at the first stage, the questionnaire is only marked as removal. In reality, you can do away with it only from the list of removed questionnaires. You can also restore it from this very list.
A number of changes in the mechanism of test results preservation have additionally been entered to prevent the loss of respondent answers due to the wrong adjustment of form parameters. 12.10 2011 Service polishing From time to time, we have to pause in order to realize new functions and analyze what has been realized, to see whether some obscure or unintelligible functions have not been heaped up. We have tried to correct all that was discovered. In case we have missed something we'll be glad to discuss it together with you. © 2016 "Webanketa" SIA . All rights reserved Imprint Terms of use Report an error