WebCraft — Internet Services and Solutions Client Login Contact Us Call Now: +380 44 3625825 Email: info@webcraft.ua Address: WebCraft, PO BOX 67, Kyiv, Ukraine ▲   Hide   ▲ Client Area / Contacts +380 44 3625825 E-Mail Us Support Hosting and Servers Shared Hosting Reseller Hosting Domain Names gTLD – Generic Top-Level Domains ccTLD – Country Code Top-Level Domains New gTLD – New Top-Level Domains Domain Actions Domain Search Register Domain Transfer Domain Bulk Domain Search Bulk Domain Transfer Domain Reseller WHOIS Privacy Protection Services and Solutions Cloud Services SSL Certificates TradeMarks Support Center Support Tickets Report Abuse Information About Us Announcements Affiliates Terms of Service Acceptable Usage Policy Privacy Policy Non-disclosure Agreement Contact Us Portal Search a domain www. .com .org .net .info Features Hosting Services quality and versatility We offer Linux shared web hosting. In addition if you outgrow your hosting needs – we offer VPS and Dedicated servers, Cloud services, CDN and custom business solutions which will take your business to the next level. Servers are located in enterprise level datacenters with industry leading redundancy. They are equipped with multiple backbone Internet lines, backup power generators, 24/7 surveillance ensuring speed, safety, and redundancy. Domain Names generic, special, worldwide and new We offer the domain registration and renewal with cheap fees for generic, special and NewTLD domains, as well as for over 400 different country wide domain extensions (1-st, 2-nd, 3-rd level). You get complete control of your domain, and that includes extensive DNS Management. WHOIS Privacy service allows you to retain your domain name ownership without having to expose your personal information to the public (protect your personal details against spam, scams, fraudulent domain transfers and identity theft). The improved infrastructure stability and speed All of our nodes are equipped with the latest & fastest Intel Xeon enterprise processors, 32-256GB of RAM, allowing for plenty of resources for all shared and VPS hosted. Protected by CISCO and application firewalls we offer better security and protection for common attacks. For optimum performance all of our enterprise level SAN storage servers utilize state of the art SSD caching technology, backed up by redundant RAID 10 (best performance) topology. All of our servers are highly available, and equipped with 100% redundant components! Unlike some of our competitors we never use cheap, unreliable, or non-enterprise hard drives. 24/7 Support expertise and readiness We have 24/7 technical support, interactive step-by-step tutorials, and an extensive knowledge-base area. We can even provide you with assistance in transferring your site to us when needed. We monitor our servers 24/7 , using the latest technologies available, and apply strict security policies to make sure that your information is always available to you and your clients while maintaining safety and confidentiality. Satisfaction Guarantee technology and innovations Our customer satisfaction rate is at 95% as based on our latest customer survey. We stay on top of the latest technologies, and provide support for applications such as: PHP, Python, Perl, Ruby on Rails, JSP, MySQL, PostgeSQL, Oracle . All of our plans are e-Commerce ready (Presta Shop, Open Cart, Magento, ZenCart, CubeCart, oscommerce, and more). We also offer merchant services with discounted rates, and special promotions on SSL certificates. Flexible Solutions professional services We offer professional and corporate hosting services, virtual and dedicated servers, private and public clouds, worldwide domain names registration, SSL certificates, security and privacy services, software licenses, VoIP and telephony, trademark registration, reseller and affiliate programs, IT consulting, custom application development, custom design, merchant support, Internet marketing services. We can provide you with professional assistance – when you need it. Our Facilities A fact worth a thousand words Our Datacenter Our Datacenter Our Datacenter Our Datacenter Our Datacenter A fact worth a thousand words WebCraft creates and provides services and solutions that fuels transformation for companies and enables them to seize the opportunities of the information technology and innovations. IT is at the heart of every business, in every industry. From planning to development to management and security, WebCraft is working with companies worldwide to change the way we live, transact and communicate. WebCraft services and solutions help our customers drive enterprise-wide productivity, offer differentiated user experiences and open new growth opportunities. And, we are able to deliver this value across multiple environments – shared, distributed, mainframe, mobile, private and public cloud. Our goal is to be recognized by our customers as their experienced partner in the information technology and services. Explore the WebCraft services and solutions that can help power your future. Follow WebCraft Facebook Twitter Linux LinkedIn Contact Us E-Mail Us: info@webcraft.ua Call Us at: +380 44 3625825 Address: WebCraft, PO BOX 67, Kyiv, Ukraine Home About Us Contact Us English (English) Русский (Russian) © 2004-2022 WebCraft. All rights reserved.