Domain and Web Hosting in Bangladesh Client Area 01799771177 01912310191 Email Us WhatsApp Menu Up To 50% OFF Domain Domain Price List See Our all Domain Prices Domain Registration Register Your Domains Today .BD Domain Registration Bangladeshi Local Domain Domain Reseller Price See Business Domain Prices Reseller Registration Start Domain Reseller Business .BD Domain Price Bangladeshi Domain Prices Hosting Web Hosting Best Hosting Packages for You Premium Hosting Heavy Traffic Hosting Packages Reseller Hosting Start Your Hosting Business BDIX Web Hosting Best BDIX Hosting for You BDIX Premium Hosting Heavy Traffic Hosting Packages SG Web Hosting Singapore Hosting for You Servers BDIX Dedicated Server Bangladesh Location Server SG Dedicated Server Singapore Location Server USA Dedicated Server USA Location Server Server Colocation USA Location Server BDIX VPS Server Bangladesh Location VPS Global VPS Server All Countries VPS Storage VPS- BDIX Bangladesh Location Storage RDP Windows VPS Bangladesh Location Storage Email Hosting Web Design Offer Free Migration FREE Domain Running Offers Up To 50% OFF Black Friday Offer Up Tp  50% OFF About Blog Helpful articles for our customers. Payment Options You can pay us various ways Web Design Portfolio You can see our web design here. About Us Get more information about us Contact Us Contact with us for any help Our  expert Team You can see our expert team Find your Perfect Domain Name: .com 1349tk .xyz 395tk .net 1549 tk .org 1549 tk .biz 2850 tk * All Prices 1st Year We Have Perfect Web Hosting Package for you. We provide NVMe SSD Hosting with Top Quality, security and 99.9% up-time. We are Best Domain Hosting provider in Bangladesh. PLAN 1 TK.1350 /1st Year Renewal Price TK.1800 Order Now 2 GB NVMe SSD Storage 100 GB Bandwidth Monthly RAM - 1 GB CPU - 1 Core I/O - 10 MB Entry Process- 20 LiteSpeed Web Server 2 Websites Hosting cPanel Control Panel FREE SSL Life Time FREE Daily/Weekly Backup Free Migration Softaculous Apps Installer Unlimited Sub Domains Unlimited Email Accounts Unlimited Database Security Antivirus Advanced More Features 24/7 Human Support PLAN 2 TK.1800 /1st Year Renewal Price TK.2400 Order Now 3 GB NVMe SSD Storage 150 GB Bandwidth Monthly RAM - 1 GB CPU - 1 Core I/O - 10 MB Entry Process- 20 LiteSpeed Web Server 3 Websites Hosting cPanel Control Panel FREE SSL Life Time FREE Daily/Weekly Backup Free Migration Softaculous Apps Installer Unlimited Sub Domains Unlimited Email Accounts Unlimited Database Security Antivirus Advanced More Features 24/7 Human Support PLAN 3 TK.2175 /1st Year Renewal Price TK.2900 Order Now 4 GB NVMe SSD Storage 200 GB Bandwidth Monthly RAM - 1 GB CPU - 1 Core I/O - 20 MB Entry Process- 20 LiteSpeed Web Server 4 Websites Hosting cPanel Control Panel FREE SSL Life Time FREE Daily/Weekly Backup Free Migration Softaculous Apps Installer Unlimited Sub Domains Unlimited Email Accounts Unlimited Database Security Antivirus Advanced More Features 24/7 Human Support PLAN 4 TK.2450 /1st Year Renewal Price TK.3500 Order Now 5 GB NVMe SSD Storage 250 GB Bandwidth Monthly RAM - 1 GB CPU - 1 Core I/O - 20 MB Entry Process- 20 LiteSpeed Web Server 5 Websites Hosting cPanel Control Panel FREE SSL Life Time FREE Daily/Weekly Backup Free Migration Softaculous Apps Installer Unlimited Sub Domains Unlimited Email Accounts Unlimited Database Security Antivirus Advanced More Features 24/7 Human Support PLAN 5 TK.3650 /1st Year Renewal Price TK.5000 Order Now 10 GB NVMe SSD Storage 500 GB Bandwidth Monthly RAM - 2 GB CPU - 1 Core I/O - 20 MB Entry Process- 20 LiteSpeed Web Server 6 Websites Hosting cPanel Control Panel 1 Free Domain Value 1649 TK. FREE SSL Life Time FREE Daily/Weekly Backup Free Migration Softaculous Apps Installer Unlimited Sub Domains Unlimited Email Accounts Unlimited Database Security Antivirus Advanced More Features 24/7 Human Support PLAN 6 TK.4480 /1st Year Renewal Price TK.6500 Order Now 15 GB NVMe SSD Storage 650 GB Bandwidth Monthly RAM - 2 GB CPU - 1 Core I/O - 20 MB Entry Process- 20 LiteSpeed Web Server 11 Websites Hosting cPanel Control Panel 1 Free Domain Value 1649 TK. FREE SSL Life Time FREE Daily/Weekly Backup Free Migration Softaculous Apps Installer Unlimited Sub Domains Unlimited Email Accounts Unlimited Database Security Antivirus Advanced More Features 24/7 Human Support PLAN 7 TK.4575 /1st Year Renewal Price TK.7500 Order Now 20 GB NVMe SSD Storage 800 GB Bandwidth Monthly RAM - 2 GB CPU - 2 Core I/O - 30 MB Entry Process- 30 LiteSpeed Web Server 16 Websites Hosting cPanel Control Panel 1 Free Domain Value 1649 TK. FREE SSL Life Time FREE Daily/Weekly Backup Free Migration Softaculous Apps Installer Unlimited Sub Domains Unlimited Email Accounts Unlimited Database Security Antivirus Advanced More Features 24/7 Human Support PLAN 8 TK.5075 /1st Year Renewal Price TK.8500 Order Now 25 GB NVMe SSD Storage 1000 GB Bandwidth Monthly RAM - 2 GB CPU - 2 Core I/O - 30 MB Entry Process- 30 LiteSpeed Web Server 21 Websites Hosting cPanel Control Panel 1 Free Domain Value 1649 TK. FREE SSL Life Time FREE Daily/Weekly Backup Free Migration Softaculous Apps Installer Unlimited Sub Domains Unlimited Email Accounts Unlimited Database Security Antivirus Advanced More Features 24/7 Human Support All Our plans include Free Migration 24/7 Premium Support Unlimited Database Unlimited Email Accounts Unlimited Sub Domains Daily Backup Security Antivirus SSL Certificates Easy to use control Panel Softaculous Apps Installer Cloud Linux OS LiteSpeed Web Server SSD Web Hosting Bangladesh Web Host BD is the Best Web Hosting Company in Bangladesh. We are a Bangladeshi web hosting company. We provide domain registration and NVMe SSD web hosting services in Bangladesh. We use Bangladesh, Singapore, and USA location data centers and top-rated powerful Hosting servers. Our various location servers help our clients to get a better and secure web hosting service. Web Host BD provides domain registration, web hosting, vps hosting, dedicated servers, web design and development services in Bangladesh and worldwide. Our dedicated customer support team helps our valuable clients immediately, any kind of hosting and domain-related troubles. If you want to get the best quality and secure web hosting from Bangladesh at reasonable price and with satisfaction, Web Host BD should be your first choice without any doubt. Web Host BD is the best web Hosting Company in Bangladesh without any hesitation. We have been providing secure, fast and reliable web hosting in Bangladesh since 2012. We have 10000+ Bangladeshi websites hosted in our server. We give you 30 days Money-back Guarantee for all our shared hosting Plans. Get started in less than 60 seconds. Pick a plan above to order! What makes our hosting service Best? 99.9% Server Up time Web Host BD maintain guaranteed 99.99% up time. Its very important. 24×7/365 Premium Support We provide live, email, WhatsApp and phone support. Instant/quick problem solution. Backups System We maintain daily/weekly backup in different server and location. You will be able to recover your website in any Destroy or digester fully. Server Level Protection We maintain strong security form server end. We user Antivirus, DDoS Protection in our server. Protected server can offer safe website. 30 Days Money-back Guarantee We offer 30 days money-back guarantee. If you are unable to use our hosting for any hosting issue. Optimized Control Panel We provide cPanel to our clients and cPanel is a well optimized control Panel. Cloud Hosting We use cloud dedicated servers for our web hosting packages that provide best quality performence. Latest Hardware We use Latest hardware for our hosting servers that ensure our hosting quality and performance. Data Centers We manager our servers form USA, Singapore and Bangladesh’s top notch datacenters. Have Questions? Why you choose us? We have been providing domain hosting since 2012, so we have 13 years of experience as a domain hosting provider in Bangladesh.  Web Host BD is the best domain hosting provider in Bangladesh. You can Get your right domain name and hosting plan here. #1 Domain Hosting Provider Provider with reasonable price and hosting plan. We have local payment methods like bKash, Nagod, Rocket, Ucash, Cellfin and Bank. We provide free daily and weekly backups which can be restored. We provide live chat, Phone, WhatsApp and Email support. We have the Highest positive Customer review, Read our Google review . Read Our Facebook review . Need any help ? We provide 24/7 Human support. You can reach us via live chat, WhatsApp, messenger, phone call and email. Our customer care agents and staff provide the highest level of attention and dedication to all our customers. So you can knock us for any kind of help. Call us: 01799771177, 01912 310191, WhatsApp: 01799771177 How can I pay you? You can pay us using various payment methods. We accept bKash, Nadad, Rocket/DBBL Mobile banking, Cellfin with all other Local Mobile Banking. We accept Payoneer Transfer, Paypal transfer, Master Card, Skrill and many other payment methods. You can see details here: Our Payment Options . Does Web Host BD allow office visit? Yes, You can visit our office 1/F, Darus Salam Road, Mirpur-1, Dhaka-1216. You can visit our office physically from 10 AM to 10 PM on any working day. Our Tutorial Hosting Domain Web Development How to Order Domain Hosting Using Bkash, Nagad, Rocket? Video How to order only Domain from Web Host BD ? Video How to order only hosting from Web Host BD ? Video How to open email account from cpanel and login web mail ? Video How open support ticket from our client area ? Video How to Redirect Domain Name From cPanel ? Video How to upload file in cPanel using File Manager ? Video How to add Multiple user in cPanel ? Video How to change cPanel password ? Video How to login to cPanel ? Video How to order only domain ? Video What is domain and hosting ? Video How to add top level domain to blogger ? Video How to create ftp account ? Video How open support ticket from our client area ? Video How to Redirect Domain Name From cPanel ? Video How to change domain nameservers ? Video How to setup webmail to Microsoft outlook ? Video How to add Alias domain in cPanel ? Video How to create a sub domain in cPanel ? Video How to add addon domain in cPanel ? Video How to register a domain by ordering with us ? Video how to order web hosting with free .com domain ? Video How to order only hositng plan using your existing domian ? Video How to add domain to blogger or blogspot ? Video How to update Name server in Domain Panel ? Video How to login to cPanel ? Video how to install wordpress by one click installer ? Video How to install WordPress Manually by Using cPanel ? Video How to reset WordPress Password in cPanel & phpMyAdmin ? Video How to install WordPress theme from WordPress dashboard ? Video How to download website full backup from Hosting cPanel ? Video How to connect database to wpconfig file ? Video Services we offer best Hosting BDIX Hosting Domains Web Design SSD Web Hosting Bangladesh SSD Web Hosting in Bangladesh The IT industry is shifting from its age-old storage device technology, the Hard Disk Drive (HDD), to the Solid State Drive (SSD), a hardware advancement in the IT industry. Now the question is: What is SSD? SSD is a storage device technology that uses integrated circuits (IC) to store data for a computer. It has no moving components to read or write data, unlike the older FDD, HDD, and other optical character recognition (OCR) devices. SSDs are much more energy efficient and space-saving. But the technology till date is expensive compared to HDDs. So, it is obviously a better and more reliable choice for upgradation if price is no obstacle. The hardware connects with the motherboard primarily using electronic interfaces compatible with the latest SATA interface or M.2 ports. Different subdivision technologies are used among SSD’s but among them NVM Express (NVMe) SSD’s are the fastest and costliest among all. So, in precise it could be said the technology of today and tomorrow and a choice of smarts who prefers the latest and fastest technology to be ahead in competition. Web servers are nothing but database system manager who meets the demand of data storage, data access and data security through web, subsequently web servers depend on storage device extensively. The quality and performance of these storage devices are key to success and showing strength, so they are largely responsive to the technologies of storage devices. A better web server always up to date to the latest, fastest and most reliable technologies. Demand for high-speed and high-security SSD web server is stimulated for the following few reasons: We are much more data intensive now a day than ever before with increasing usage of HD/4k images and multimedia files, accessing to these heavy files require higher data read/write speed, lower latency or buffer and high data stability and reliability. Today’s websites and e-commerce sites are robustly data intensive in style as well as information warehouse, so loading of websites and web pages are affected by web server speed. Web traffic is enormous today, it is multiplicative through the explosion of digital world with the usage of smartphone and more affordable 3G/4G internet technologies and data access has subsequently increased. Emergence of the era of social media and digital marketing has increased data sharing in web server. An SSD-based web server helps in the following ways: Faster Web Hosting Speed with blazing fast SSDs Greater data transfer speed boosts data access performance Lower latency in data access helps prevent data loss Energy efficiency in power and cooling Stability and reliability of data due to higher SSD durability Where is Web Host BD in adopting SSD web server technology? Methodologically new product adoption process involves five major steps wherein early adopters are the bravest and smartest to embrace the latest, an early adopter always enjoys competitive edge.As being the leading web service solution company we Web Host BD is well ahead than our competitors in adopting and upgrading to the latest SSD technology. Web Host BD is one of the early adopters in Bangladesh’s in upgrading to SSD technology web hosting service completely by abandoning the age-old HDD web servers. Though despite of tremendous performance the price per gigabyte advantage is still strong enough with HDD’s, even though the price of SSD’s has been falling. But we never mind upgrading to the latest and fastest technology even it comes with premium because we promised to continuous quality improvement at our best. SSD comparing to HDD is a non-contacting storage device whose technology more resembles RAM. HDD while uses the technology of spindling contact spin around magnetic discs platters to locate data while SSD’s in contrary don’t have this issue, so it’s seek times (the time it takes to “find” your data on the drive) are significantly faster than HDD’s, so SSD web hosting is invariably faster, sometimes it is 3 to 20 times faster than conventional HDD hosting. Blazing fast data transfer speeds in SSD and low latency ensure high data security, stability and reliability. Furthermore, because of its technological advancement, it requires less power and no cooler, so it is energy efficient. Again, it is durable and less prone to physical damage, so it gives better stability and data retention of the website. Overall, SSD web hosting delivers better performance, so we Web Host BD have adorned our packages with different SSD web server hosting to ensure the best and state-of-the-art performance. Web Host BD helps to host your personal website, professional website, e-commerce site, blogging site and business websites securely with best web hosting company in Bangladesh. You can get all kinds of web hosting from us. We provide SSD shared web hosting, Virtual Private Server (VPS), Dedicated server. We have USA based latest hosting server with highest up time guarantee. We provide best quality SSD web hosting in Bangladesh on strong web hosting servers with great customer support team. We always work for our clients and we continue to deliver the best web hosting solutions for our clients. Read More BDIX Hosting, VPS, Dedicated Server in Bangladesh. BDIX enables local ISPs and data centers to exchange traffic directly within Bangladesh, eliminating the need for international routing. This reduces latency, improves speed, and saves on international bandwidth. BDIX acts as a central hub where multiple ISPs, hosting providers, and content providers connect their networks. So, Faster access to local websites and content, reduced cost for ISPs due to less international bandwidth usage, and improved network reliability for Bangladeshi traffic. Web Host BD offers BDIX-connected hosting for websites to be accessed faster within Bangladesh.  A BDIX-enabled server may load significantly faster for users in Bangladesh compared to standard international hosting.  We also provide BDIX Dedicated Server and BDIX VPS Server. We manage our BDIX dedicated server in our Mirpur-1, Dhaka, Bangladesh, location data center. We are a proud Partner of ColoTower Datacenter in Bangladesh. Here’s a clear, detailed explanation of why you should use BDIX web hosting , especially if your audience is primarily in Bangladesh: 1. Faster Website Loading for Bangladeshi Users 2. Improved User Experience 3. Reduced hosting Bandwidth Costs 4. Local Reliability & Uptime 5. Local Support & Payments 6. SEO & Business Advantages 7. Optimized for Local Content Read More Domain Registration in Bangladesh What is domain? Whenever it comes about a need for website or any online presence the very word“domain” glances immediately. Precisely and simply domain is the name by which a website is addressed. It is similar in its meaning to branding. Technically, a domain is an administrative identity, authority and control in internet by which it could be addressed, introduced and accessed. The journey of this domain name starts with its registration into Domain Name System (DNS). For example, if someone wants to find Web Host BD in online what he/she is to do? He/She is to simply address “Web Host BD” by some name that is memorable and easy-to-spell to every server, webhostbd.com is that desired name which is called domain name. Many confuse domain with hosting or URL but technically those are different. What’s the use of domain? Domain is used to represent a single or multiple IP (Internet Protocol) addresses and can be used in URL address to indicate any website. Every domain name has two parts; first part has a unique name known widely as Second-level domain which adjoins with a suffix that indicates the Top-level domain (TLD) that it belongs to.  Only a limited number of such TLD’s belongs, for example: . com – commercial business . org – Organizations (nonprofit) .gov – Government agencies .edu – Educational institutions .mil – Military . net – Network organizations . ca – Canada Etc. In Bangladesh, .bd & . বাংলা is the Country Code Top Level Domain (ccTLD) in the Internet, It is the address of Bangladesh in the internet world. Bangladesh Telecommunication Company Limited (BTCL) is the registration authority of both ccTLD. BTCL domain names includes: .com.bd – Intended for Commercial entities .org.bd – Intended for Not-for-profit entities Info.bd- Intended for personal names, only individuals .net.bd- Restricted to Bangladeshi Internet Service Provider’s infrastructure .edu.bd- Restricted to Bangladeshi Educational institute, college and universities .ac.bd- Restricted to Bangladeshi Academic institute, schools and coaching center .gov.bd- Restricted to Government Why Web Host BD is considered the best? Web Host BD is the top most domain service provider company in Bangladesh as of Alexa ranking, different web directory and clients poll in latest rankings. What makes us apart and number one? The answer is very simple: We never compromise with quality, we are always in a quest of offering the best services and continuously improving client experience. Integrity is our core strength, when we sell a domain to a client we convey full control panel authority to them because we know and value the confidentiality and importance of a domain name since it is the life of business. We always try our level best to keep our commitment and delivery crystal clear clarity of our offer. We offer sole dedication in customer care, we are open ended for any client objection and query. We comply all the process of Kaizen of Total Quality Management (TQM), we are always on the process of continuous development in our service improvisation and maintaining highest level of client satisfaction. We patiently pay heed to our client, help them in finding out the optimum solution of their demand in most cost-effective way, the Best value. How much does it cost to purchase a domain name? Now it’s about costing, the question among millions. Why prices are different? What matters the pricing? What gives you the best value? Is there anything better than other? Similarly, hundreds of questions come in mind while purchasing decision of a domain. A thumbs rule is demand supply gap, in precise, the availability of the domain name that you are demanding. Based on this availability, easiness of pronunciation and writing and TLD’s variation price varies. For example, some are premium domains that is sold by brokerage with high price, some with short names are also high priced,and different TLD name offers different price. Top service provider who has earned proven trust or high satisfaction into clients through brand positioning may charge higher considering their high-level service quality. Apart from international domain registration pricing Bangladesh Telecommunication Company Limited’s (BTCL) registration processes tenure is minimum 2 years and their price follow different government charges, VAT’s etc. altogether. Direct purchase price from BTCL or indirect purchase through any reseller also matters in pricing, reseller may add additional service charges along with the government charges. All above considerations catalyze pricing for domain,so schedule of price of different domain hosting service provider is different for catering different client demand. What is the process of domain name registration? While choosing a domain name one must undergo his need assessment first. That is a person intended to purchase a domain must answer the following questions, Why he/she wants to purchase the domain? It could be personal interest or professional or institutional. Since in purchasing TLD name there are some guidelines or suggestions and restrictions the required TLD name group is to be targeted first in accordance of demand. After selecting the TLD name one should find availability of desired Second-level domain or the preceding affix of the TLD’s following different domain name selection criteria. Since there are over 330 million domains registered till date finding a suitable one among these ocean is a big deal. At this stage client should consider the registrar or reseller registrar from whom he would purchase the domain. Usually it is general thought that buying directly from registrar and avoiding the intermediaries is the best way, but this is not always that straight. In this phase also, different issues are to be in consideration. Locality of buyer and registrar is among the key issues to be considered because ease of direct communication in getting support is important. Some clients are reluctant to overseas registrar for language or cultural hindrance, some prefer reference accreditation, while someone prefers to rest the matter to his web developer’s jurisdiction since he is technically expert. Considering all these it is preferably advised to purchase domain from any renowned local company who has client reputation, trustworthiness in market over time, good client services and clarity in service offer. After selecting domain service provider client will proceed on purchase payment of the desired domain name, give own email address through which he wishes to purchase and confirm any service related communication. After that he is to get the relevant cash memo and the desired service with complete authority of C-panel of the domain name an EPP code. What are the consideration while registering a domain name? Every activity starts with a desire, similarly domain or naming for your website also has a sole desire of introducing and popularizing it to the target audience. Means the target audience is the king, knowing much their pulse is the ultimate thing of success. So, in selecting a domain name the utmost priority should begetting the optimum reflection of their expectation. With a bunch of suggestion for domain name selection guidelines few crucial one could be as below, Make it easy to type A critical name to type deters client to remember it and associate unexpected toil in finding and typing. A name easy to type is memorable, transferable and usable. Make it easily understandable to the target community While selecting domain name the target market or target audiences’ demography, language and culture should be considered so that the name will bring meaning to them and raise their interest. Depending on the target name could be ethnic, national, transnational or internationally recognizable word. Narrow the target by the name Recalling an old proverb, “Aim small miss small”. Make your name directive and narrow to reach your target with smallest error. Keep it short A long name should be avoided, like the first consideration a short name is much more memorable, easy for typing and transferable. A good name should have less syllable, lyrical or rhythmic, avoided of number and hyphens etc. Name with at best 10 characteristics or maximum 2 words. Use keywords in name string Try to use keywords that best describes your business and the services you offer.Any personality or key attributes or anything closely related to the business could be considered in name choosing because it could attract the target. Like, Alibaba, Amazon etc., first one personality and the second one the object with symbol of vastness. Consider alternative and mimicking domain extensions Since domain name is far less expensive than company brand value it is better to protect your brand by purchase various domain extensions, as well as misspelled versions or mimicking versions of your domain name. This will prevent competitors and copycat far away from registering closer domain names and confirms your customers to your website. Choose the appropriate domain name extension TLD extensions such as .com or .net, at the end of web addresses have specific user value, they vary depending upon your entity. Some of these you are advised to intend while some are obliged, means, you cannot take it unless and until you fall into those categories. Use country-specific domain extensions for optimizing your business to focus your business location, you could use multiple ccTLDs (country-code Top Level Domains) for country specific business. Make sure of a 360-degree research onto the domain name The chosen name should be researched and crosschecked thoroughly to make it sure that the domain name you’ve chosen isn’t trademarked or copyrighted or being used by other company that has taken name clearance in favor of them. This is very important since it could result in a huge legal confusion and could end up with cost you a fortune, goodwill as well as your domain! Be memorable Making yourself distinct among millions of registered domains your domain name should be essentially catchy and memorable. Once you’ve come up with a name, share it and test it with your trusted friends and relatives to make sure it sounds appealing and makes sense to others. But don’t share it too much otherwise the domain name could be early registered before you. Avoid ill practice Avoid ill practice of mimicking another popular brand or confused with other brands, slang or words that come into any sort of discrimination or negative meaning in its operating environment. Versatility in meaning A multiple meaning of a single word gives more value to audience and the name gains weight and memorability in this way. Web Host BD provides domain registration service in Bangladesh and worldwide. When you purchase a domain from us. We provide your domain full maintenance control panel so that you can control it freely. You have to register our site to buy a domain form us. After registering our site, you will get a control panel. Your domain name is your online unique identity for your personal or business purpose. So we suggest you to choose a domain name wisely for your business or personal use or any others needs. Also we suggest a best domain hosting company for you. If you buy a domain from us. You can get web hosting in Bangladesh from us. Check your domain name availability that you want to register and buy it by registering our website or transfer your domain to us. Domain Registration as low as Tk. 950/- per year. Your domain name is registered instantly! Each Domain Registration comes with Lots of free features and your own maintenance control panel. You can Register any top level domain with us including .com .net .org, .info .us .biz .ws .mobi .tv etc and many more. Thanking you for your patience into the tale of Domain Registration in Bangladesh with Web Host BD . Stay tuned with us to explore the topics even more in future. Read more Website Design: Web Host BD provides personal, e-commerce, blogging and business website design service in Bangladesh with worldwide. We provide dynamic and responsive web design service. You can get the world class customizable web design services at low price by us. We have a great team that helps web coding solutions, website design and development at cheap rate from Bangladesh. We always work closely with every client to create a website completely. Web Host BD is a professional web design company in Bangladesh that providing web design and development solutions to their clients. Learn More Our top clients. Our Payment Method. You can pay us easily ! Need Help? Call Us  Now: 01799771177 Sign up to Newsletter for get special offers Hosting Packages Web Hosting Premium Hosting Reseller Hosting Master Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting Dedicated Servers Cloud Hosting Our Services Domain Registration Web Hosting Web Design Web Development Website Migration Business Email Web Host BD About Us Contact Us News / Blogs Payment Methods Awards & Reviews Testimonials Affiliate Program Our Address 1/F, Darus Salam Road Mirpur-1, Dhaka-1216 Phone: +88 01799771177 +88 01912310191 webhostbd.net@gmail.com admin@webhostbd.com Copyright © 2012-2025 Web Host BD - All rights reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Site Map Scroll