Local Hosting Solutions, Great Performance & Service Facebook Twitter Sign Up Login Webmail I need a domain 1800 850 370 Hosting Web Hosting Email Hosting Domain Names SSL Certificates Servers Cloud Virtual Servers (IaaS) Dedicated Servers Server Co-location Support Partners Search Menu Menu At Web in a Box we provide a complete solution for hosting your website , emails and IT infrastructure in the cloud. If you need an SSL certificate , no worries! Exciting News! .au direct domain registrations are here! To find out more, click here! Local Hosting Solutions, Great Performance & Service Get the super power of local hosting. By going with a local hosting company you’ll benefit from faster speeds and better search engine optimisation results, plus your data is protected by Australian Law. Our services extend to local web hosting, local server hosting, web server hosting and more. Get Started Experience We’ve got over a quarter of a century of combined experience – which means we’ve been there since the birth of the internet, and we’ve been one step ahead of it ever since. Find out more Need help? Robots are cool, but a bit impersonal. Don’t worry, here at Web in a Box you’ll always get to talk to a friendly human, who will be happy to answer your call. Ask us a question All about Customer Service At Web in a Box, ‘customer service’ isn’t a phrase we bandy about willy-nilly, it’s the bedrock of what we do. We work hard to understand all of our customers’ individual needs, and try to accommodate them every time. Find out more Passionate about Hosting We’ve got a particular kink. We’re passionate about hosting. Some people may think it’s impossible to be passionate about tech stuff, but we’re different, that’s why we can promise super-helpful hosting and a mega reliable network. Find out more Hosting & Domains Web hosting Email hosting Domain names SSL certificates Servers & Infra Cloud servers (IaaS) Dedicated servers Server co-location Dedicated internet Customer Support Customer support Management login Webmail Remote support FAQs About Web In A Box About Us Why Us Our Network Planning Ahead Our Policies Contact Contact Us Phone: 1800 850 370 International: +61 8 9481 0366 @ 2021 Web in a Box  | Media on Mars Facebook Twitter Scroll to top