Webmasters.com | Cheap Domains, Web Hosting, Servers & Website Design home about us faq support contact us search sitemap webmail login DOMAINS WEB HOSTING SERVERS WEB DESIGN ECOMMERCE BUILD TRAFFIC MAKE MONEY ORDER NOW All domains only $14.95/year (Free with Hosting!) Only $14.95/yr. on ALL domains! Bulk updates and transfers Theft and whois protection Free DNS management Email and forwarding Private registrations All domains only $14.95/year (Free with Hosting!) Unlimited domains Unlimited disk space Unlimited data transfer PHP 7 now available * Blazing fast webmail Hosting control panel All domains only $14.95/year (Free with Hosting!) Host multiple websites Unlimited email accounts Over 100K daily visitors Fully managed solution No experience necessary Server control panel All domains only $14.95/year (Free with Hosting!) Free website builder 1,000+ pro templates Server migrations Custom Shopping Carts Custom graphic design Back end applications All domains only $14.95/year (Free with Hosting!) Free & Low cost SSL certificates Newsletter distribution Secure, encrypted email Free shopping cart All domains only $14.95/year (Free with Hosting!) Meta tag analysis Keyword optimization Submit to major engines Free listing in Index.com $10 pay-per-click credit Manual SEO available Manage | Renew | Knowledge Base Our Difference Challenge: To help cut costs and time to market, most web hosting companies use one of three widely distributed control panels. 
	Generally, doing so means that their features are identical to those of other companies using the same software, and higher level support is 
	outsourced to a third party. When a security gap is discovered or an improvement is needed, an outside vendor must be contacted for 
		a solution. That vendor would then contact the developer, who in most cases is located in another country. 
		If the developer feels the request has merit, they would implement a solution and release a patch. 
		Due to so many parties being involved in the process, the amount of time from the initial request to a final solution could be days if not months. Solution: We have developed our own control panel , 4Admin™ and assembled all of the software powering our servers from the ground up. 
		Many of its features are unique, and are not available anywhere else. Our blazing fast webmail has more features than most 
		desktop email clients, and includes proprietary spam filtering technology which keeps junk mail away while making sure good messages are 
		delivered at virtually the same time they are sent. A dedicated team of in-house developers maintains our software, with a large portion 
		of their time being devoted to security enhancement and new product development. When a new feature is created or an upgrade is released, our proprietary Rapid Update™ utility instantly updates every server at virtually 
		the same time. This technology enables us to perform software upgrades within minutes across our entire network of 
		servers ( click here to see the upgrades we have done within the past year). The ability to provide real time solutions in direct response to market demands gives us 
		an unmatched advantage over our competition. We always stand behind our product, and are committed to making it better, one idea at a time. Our Results Check out a random sample of websites currently hosted and see what customers are saying about our services. Professional Web Site Design for the Winning Edge! PHP 7 is available Our custom 4Admin™ server platform is better than ever! Faster servers and PHP 7! Just complete our Signup , and you'll have access to your new site in no time. Fast, Reliable service & superior support for peace of mind. Control Panel Demo Try our custom account panel demo Top 10 Reasons To Choose Us See why we are the best fit for you Testimonials Read what our clients say about us Start with us here Enter your domain name Business Class Webhosting One plan, one price! Fast & Powerful Servers on our reliable network from $99 /month Search Site: Our updated servers are here! Upgrade now, for free! Home | About Us | FAQ | Contact Us | Support | Customers | Login | Terms | Privacy | Whois | Search | Site Map © Copyright Webmasters.com . All Rights Reserved Traffic Partners: Website Templates :: Free Videos :: More Traffic Partners >> We Want to earn your business! Please help us improve by completing our anonymous Visitor Survey .