WebmasterWorld -- News and Discussion for the Web Professional --  - WebmasterWorld Toggle navigation Dashboard Dashboard Tracker Add / Edit My Forums System Announcements Discussion Active Thread Feed Top Threads Today Top Threads This Week Top Threads Library Go! View All View All Login Logout Home Forums Index News and Discussion for the Web Professional WebmasterWorld Highlighted Posts: Jan. 1, 2026 Sitemaps for large websites and SEO - add everything or just some? Posted in Sitemaps, Meta Data, and robots.txt by jmccormac Some large websites have high numbers (millions or more) webpages. This can create a problem with the sitemap files increasing with each new page added to the site. ... read more December 2025 Google Search Observations Posted in Google Search and SEO by Micha "...30 percent fewer visitors, 60 percent less advertising revenue" ... read more Do you get tired of others copying your content? Posted in Content, Writing and Copyright by explorador ... being heavily disappointing and seeing websites copying my content to the point of cropping my pictures to remove the logos and watermarks.  ... read more 'goo Portal' to end service in November 2025 Posted in Asia and Pacific Region by bill The portal site goo which has been in operation since 1997, has announced that it will end its service at 1:00 p.m. on Tuesday, November 25, 2025. The “goo” search engine service (written in lowercase) began in March 1997 under the umbrella of the NTT Resonant Inc....was one of Japan’s early robot-type search engines.  ... read more 88% Down in Everything Posted in Google Search and SEO by Samsam1978 All those amazing creative people wiped out due to AI overviews. I thought they would ease off the AI overviews but no it has got worse. 90% down and I am going to have to downgrade my server for the 2nd time. ... read more Google Continues the Great Decline Posted in Google Search and SEO by saladtosser While email, social, and word of mouth marketing continue to increase, Google 's great decline in referrals continues unabated. With the roll out of ai mode to almost all countries now, it is clear that Google will never been the big producer of traffic that it was when users fell in love with it. ... read more Google stopped indexing my deeper pages (143k “Crawled – not indexed”) Posted in Google Search and SEO by guarriman3 More and more webmasters reporting a constant decline in pages indexed to pages crawled. ... read more Problem with Gmail Spam Detection Posted in Webmaster General by Kendo People contacting us from our website are not receiving our replies because they are going straight into a SPAM folder that is probably so full that they don't get noticed. I had suspected this, especially when seeing that some are preferring to return to our on-page chatbox. ... read more Google Thinks My Site Is a Copy and Assigns Wrong Canonical URLs Posted in Google Search and SEO by Pirilin I’m facing a strange issue with my website example.com.br: Google is assigning completely incorrect canonical URLs, making it look like my site is a duplicate of random domains.  ... read more SEO Firms begin to Advise Clients to Ignore Google Posted in Google Search and SEO by Brett_Tabke "I think as we move into 2026 and beyond, a lot of brands will be better suited taking their existing SEO investment and reallocating most of it towards other channels vs trying to go 'all in' on AI Search."[br] ... read more Resolved, AWS has become a Major Nuisance to the Web Posted in Crawler, Spider, and User Agent ID by markRg Far worse than AI LLMs spiders we've heard so much about -  the bots running amok from Amazon hosted servers (AWS) have become almost intolerable to many website owners. Lets look at how to block Amazon hosted bots.  ... read more Google AI Violates Most of Google Content Guidelines Posted in Google Search and SEO by Brett_Tabke I'd like to report a spammer called "AI Overviews" - It is coming up #1 for a ton of queries  violates all these Google policies: 1) No first-hand experience 2) -Uses extensive automation 3) No expertise 4) Primarily summarizes what others have written ... read more How many sites still have comments? Posted in Webmaster General by londrum I've tried various things over the years, Wordpress's inbuilt comments, Facebook, Disqus, and now a custom built one, but it seems that people just don't like to comment as much as they used to, or maybe they don't have the patience for it, because they want Instant answers ... read more Is Reddit a Viable Traffic Source for E-commerce and Online Businesses Posted in Foo by Whitey Reddit is one of the most active platforms for user-driven discussions, with niche subreddits covering nearly every industry. But does it actually work as a traffic or conversion channel for online businesses?"[br] ... read more Not Ranking in Other Countries Posted in Google Search and SEO by Gokul ...when it comes to other countries my site does not rank any page for a single keyword. My question is does the domain extension [.exchange] affects this? If I choose .io or any other domain will it let me rank. ... read more More WebmasterWorld Highlighted Posts ... Join The Conversation Register For Free! - Become a Pro Member ! See forum categories - Enter the Forum Moderators and Top Contributors Moderator List |  Top Contributors: This Week , This Month , Nov. , Oct. , Archive , Top 100 All Time , Top Voted Members Hot Threads Today , Yesterday , This Week , This Month Hot Threads This Week December 2025 Google Search Observations AdSense Earnings and Observations - December 2025 Does SEO matter any more? What's your New Years Resolution? What is my Ad budget after Agency fees? Instagram listings on Google? Forums Index Search Engines and SEO Google Search and SEO Bing Search and SEO BingAds by Microsoft Google AdSense - Display Ads Google Ads - AdWords Google Business Profile - (GMB) Local and Maps Alternative Search Engines Asia and Pacific Region SearchGPT, ChatGPT, and AI Topics General SEO Issues Link Building Sitemaps, Meta Data, and robots.txt General Search Engine Marketing Issues Cloaking Local Search Crawler, Spider, and User Agent ID Keyword Discussion SEO and Affiliates Social Media Social Media Marketing Facebook Marketing and Meta Platforms Forum X Twitter Pinterest LinkedIn Server Side WordPress Apache Web Server Microsoft IIS Web Server and ASP.NET PHP Server Side Scripting Perl Server Side CGI Scripting Databases Content Management RSS, ATOM, and Related Technologies Website Technology Issues Linux, Unix, and *nix like Operating Systems Webmaster Hardware Browser Side HTML CSS JavaScript and AJAX Site Graphics and Multimedia Design Blogging SEO Blog Administration Mobile Web Site Design and Development Firefox Browser Usage and Support Opera Browser Usage and Support Chromium Variants and Google Chrome Browsers Apple Safari Smartphone, Wireless, and Mobile Technologies Microsoft Edge WebmasterWorld Supporters *(Paid members only) Subscribe to WebmasterWorld Google SEO WebmasterWorld Supporters Webhosting Issues and Options Website Software Support and Usage Social Media Optimization Technology Exhibitions and Conferences The Wall Review My Site WebmasterWorld Webmaster General Ecommerce Domain Names Professional Webmaster Business Issues Website Analytics - Tracking and Logging Content, Writing and Copyright New To Web Development Apple Software and Technology Community Building and User Generated Content Web Video Creation and Optimization Website Security for Webmasters Website Regulatory Compliance Microsoft Windows OS Search Engine Govt, Policy, and Business Issues Home Forums Index Resources Home About Report Problem Library Settings Login Control Panel Send Message My Profile Network Search Engine World NewsRaid ClickLife PHDSS Pubcon © WebmasterWorld 1996-2025 all rights reserved. TOS and Privacy Policy . All trademarks and copyrights held by respective owners. SearchEngineWorld and WebmasterWorld are owned by PHD Software Systems .