Press Option+1 for screen-reader mode, Option+0 to cancel
Accessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting | New window
FeaturesTemplatesPricingHelp CenterWebnode Blog
Create a WebsiteLogin
Create your own website for free with AI in just seconds
Just tell us about your project and our AI website generator will create a stunning website for you—including custom text and images. It's that simple.
Create my website
E.g., We are a cozy café in the center of San Francisco. We offer our own roasted coffee...
Play
How to make a free website
Describe what your website is about

Provide a brief yet compelling description of your website or business. What is its purpose? Outline some unique features, products or services.

Choose the design you like the best

Select one of the suggested website designs that aligns with your vision and brand identity. The AI website generator will then automatically add texts and images to your new site.

Customize and publish your website

Add finishing touches with the website editor, to create a unique online presence–then share it with the world.

Used for more than 50 million websites
"As an illustrator, I was looking for a platform to present my work. Webnode has helped me to build a beautiful, clear website."

Dauphine Mulder, www.dauphinemulder.com

Great design & content–tailored for you
Our website builder can provide attractive and functional AI generated websites for almost any type of project or business.
Create my website
The easiest way to start a website

Making a website, with our simple website builder, is like playing with building blocks. Add all types of content in just a few clicks, move it around or change it up anytime. Have fun with it.

Create my website
	
Play
	
Local and friendly support

Our experienced in-house customer support team will help you start up your business. We are here for you 5 days a week and we speak your language.

Create my website
Boost your position with the perfect domain

A domain name is your internet address. Make sure you are staying on a good one. Choose from our wide selection of local and special domains or easily connect your own to your Webnode project.

Create my website
Communicate with your customers like a pro

Mailbox created on your domain will help build up and unify your brand. You can create up to 100 unique mailboxes and receive your mail via Outlook, Gmail or other email clients.

Create my website
Start selling online

Open a brand new store using one of our templates or add the store feature to your existing website on Webnode in just a few clicks. Offer your customers a smooth shopping experience and have a clear overview of all the orders in your store.

Create my website
FAQ: Starting a website
It is hard to set up a website?
Will it take long to build my website? Do I need lots of time?
Is Webnode completely free?
Will my website be optimized for mobile devices too?
Is Webnode suitable for small businesses?
Start your AI-powered website today
Create my website
Webnode
About us
Career
Contacts
Affiliate Program
User reviews
Whistleblowing
Products and services
Build your website or blog
Create a business website
Open an online store
Templates
AI website builder
Features
Domains
Website Premium Plans
E-commerce Premium Plans
Partners & Integrations
Plugins
Online booking
Online invoicing
Support
Help Center
Get in touch
Follow us
Webnode Blog
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Languages
Čeština
Suomi
Español
Show all
© Copyright 2008 - 2025 Webnode AG. All rights reserved • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • Accessibility Statement • Cookies
This website uses cookies

We use cookies to enable the proper functioning and security of our websites and to offer you the best possible user experience. By clicking Accept all, you consent to the use of these cookies for advertising and analytics. For more information, please read our Cookie Disclosure.

Manage my choices

Accept allAccept necessary
Close