Signed Exchanges on Google Search | Google Search Central  |  Documentation  |  Google for Developers Skip to main content Google Search Central Documentation SEO fundamentals Introduction Search Essentials SEO Starter Guide How Google Search Works Do you need an SEO? Crawling and indexing Sitemaps robots.txt Meta tags Crawler management Removals Canonicalization Redirects JavaScript SEO Ranking and search appearance Visual Elements gallery Title links Snippets Images Videos Structured data Favicons Site-specific guides Ecommerce International and multilingual sites Data analysis Get started with Search Console Debug traffic drops Using Search Console and Google Analytics data for SEO Get started with Google Trends Support Blog What's new All updates Documentation updates Ranking updates New YouTube videos Recent podcast episodes Events Case studies / English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Polski Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский العربيّة हिंदी ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어 Sign in Documentation Search Console Google Search Central Documentation More Support Blog What's new More Events Case studies Introduction Search Essentials Overview Technical requirements Spam policies SEO fundamentals SEO Starter Guide How Google Search works Creating helpful, reliable, people-first content Do you need an SEO? Maintaining your site's SEO Developer's guide to Search Get your website on Google Guidance on using generative AI Crawling and indexing Overview File types Google can index URL structure Links Sitemaps Learn about sitemaps Build and submit a sitemap Manage sitemaps with sitemap index file Sitemap extensions Image sitemaps News sitemaps Video sitemaps and alternatives Combining sitemap extensions Crawler management Ask Google to recrawl your URLs Troubleshoot crawl errors Google crawlers List of Google crawlers Googlebot Reduce the Google crawl rate Verifying Googlebot and other Google crawlers robots.txt Introduction to robots.txt How Google interprets the robots.txt specification Canonicalization What is URL canonicalization How to specify a canonical URL with rel="canonical" and other methods Fix canonicalization issues Mobile site and mobile-first indexing AMP AMP on Google Search guidelines Understand how AMP works in search results Enhance AMP content Validate AMP content Remove AMP content JavaScript Understand the JavaScript SEO basics Fix search-related JavaScript problems Fix lazy-loaded content Dynamic rendering as a workaround Page and content metadata Page metadata Meta tags Meta tags and HTML attributes that Google supports Robots meta tag, data-nosnippet, and X-Robots-Tag noindex rel attributes Removals Control what you share with Google Page removals Image removals Redacted information Site moves and changes Redirects and Google Search Site moves Changing your hosting Move a site with URL changes A/B testing Temporarily pause or disable a website Ranking and search appearance Overview AI features Byline dates Favicons Featured snippets Flexible Sampling Google Discover Images Local features Business details Top Places List Opting out of local search results Page experience Understanding page experience Core Web Vitals Interstitials and dialogs Get started with signed exchanges on Google Search Ranking systems A guide to Google Search ranking systems Reviews system Ranking updates List of ranking updates Core updates Spam updates Site names Sitelinks Snippets Structured data Understand how structured data works Structured data general guidelines Enriched search results Generate structured data with JavaScript Feature guides All structured data features Article Book actions Breadcrumb Carousel Course list Dataset Discussion forum Education Q&A Employer aggregate rating Fact check Event FAQ Image metadata Job posting Local business Math solver Movie carousel Organization Practice problem Shopping Overview Product snippet Merchant listing Variants Loyalty program Merchant return policy Merchant shipping policy Profile page Q&A Recipe Review snippet Software app Speakable Subscription and paywalled content Vacation rental Video Title links Translated features Translated results Ad networks and translation-related Google Search features Videos Visual Elements gallery Web Stories Enable Web Stories on Google Best practices for creating Web Stories Web Story content policy Early Adopters Program Package tracking Structured data carousels (beta) Monitoring and debugging Debug drops in Search traffic Monitor with Search Console Get started with Search Console Improve SEO with a bubble chart Using Search Console and Google Analytics data for SEO Debug with search operators Overview site: search operator Google Images search operators Preventing and monitoring abuse Overview Prevent user-generated spam Malware and unwanted software Prevent a malware infection Social engineering (phishing and deceptive sites) Google Safe Browsing Repeat Offenders Policy Get started with Google Trends Site-specific guides Ecommerce Overview Where content can appear Share product data Include structured data Launch a new website Write high quality reviews Design a URL structure Ecommerce site structure Pagination, incremental page loading, and Search International and multilingual Overview Managing multi-regional and multilingual sites Tell Google about localized versions of your page How Google crawls locale-adaptive pages Explicit content Guidelines for sites with explicit content What to do if your site is incorrectly flagged as explicit SEO fundamentals Introduction Search Essentials SEO Starter Guide How Google Search Works Do you need an SEO? Crawling and indexing Sitemaps robots.txt Meta tags Crawler management Removals Canonicalization Redirects JavaScript SEO Ranking and search appearance Visual Elements gallery Title links Snippets Images Videos Structured data Favicons Site-specific guides Ecommerce International and multilingual sites Data analysis Get started with Search Console Debug traffic drops Using Search Console and Google Analytics data for SEO Get started with Google Trends All updates Documentation updates Ranking updates New YouTube videos Recent podcast episodes Home Search Central Documentation Send feedback Get started with signed exchanges on Google Search Signed exchanges (SXG) allow
  Google Search to prefetch your content while preserving the user's privacy. In practice, this
  means that both AMP and non-AMP results shown on Google Search may prefetch a few key
  resources (such as HTML, JavaScript, CSS, images, or fonts) in a privacy-preserving manner,
  if the associated website supports SXG. When the user ultimately clicks the result, the web page starts rendering much sooner since
  key resources are already available, leading to a better user experience. This could mean a
  lower Largest Contentful Paint (LCP) score
  for your content, which can improve page experience overall. Implement SXG To implement SXG, follow web.dev's
  in-depth guide . After implementing, follow Chrome's guide to optimizing LCP using Signed Exchanges . For AMP pages, follow amp.dev's in-depth guide . Additional requirements for Google Search Google uses a cache of SXG to prefetch your content. Google may serve these cached SXG
  multiple times. To make sure that up-to-date content displays in Google Search, set the SXG expiration values
  appropriately. As a rule of thumb, make sure that the expiration date is less than both of these dates: The cache expiration determined by your HTTP headers 1 day in the future if the content is JavaScript or inlines JavaScript; otherwise 7 days in the future To make sure that content displays properly when served on multiple devices, do the following: Move personalized content, such as shopping carts, into lazy-loaded elements that are
    outside of the SXG. Alternatively, add the Vary: Cookie signed header;
    SXGs with this header will be shown only to visitors without a cookie for your site. Build the pages with responsive web design .
    Alternatively, serve desktop and mobile pages on separate URLs , or annotate the
    pages to state that they aren't responsive, using the supported-media meta tag .
    For example, in the page's <head> element, add the following tag: <meta name=supported-media content="only screen and (max-width: 640px)"> Monitor and debug SXG For a list of tools that you can use to debug SXG, check out web.dev's guide to SXG tools . In the event that Googlebot can't parse an SXG, it may recrawl the URL without application/signed-exchange;v=b3 in the Accept header, in order to retrieve the text/html variant. In
  the event of any SXG indexing error, Google Search will link to the original URL, without SXG. For AMP pages, use the AMP
  status report in Search Console to monitor SXG errors . Debug the Google SXG cache To determine whether SXG meets the cache requirements, use the SXG Validator Chrome extension . Alternatively, query the Google SXG cache directly.
  For example, if the SXG URL is https://signed-exchange-testing.dev/sxgs/valid.html , formulate
  the corresponding cache URL: https://signed--exchange--testing-dev.webpkgcache.com/doc/-/s/signed-exchange-testing.dev/sxgs/valid.html The algorithm for computing the subdomain and the URL path suffix is the same as for the AMP Cache ,
  while the infix string /doc/-/ is different. If the response is a SXG, then this means the response from the origin server meets the
  Google SXG cache requirements .
  Otherwise, it will include an HTTP header that indicates the reason. If there is a Warning header, then it indicates an error that prevented the SXG from
    meeting the cache requirements. If there is a Location header, then it has not yet been fetched by the cache. This is not
    an error in your SXG. Regardless of the response, the cache enqueues a request to the original URL for an updated
  copy. There are several factors for when and if this request happens, including how fast
  Googlebot can crawl your site. Google doesn't cache SXGs for longer than the expires value of the SXG signature
  or the freshness
  lifetime of the unsigned headers of the SXG response. For AMP pages, you can use the URL Inspection Tool to debug caching errors. Stay informed Subscribe to the webpackaging-announce mailing list to stay up-to-date with the following changes: Changes to the Google SXG cache that enable new capabilities or deprecate other capabilities. Major changes to the SXG tools Web Packager, NGINX SXG module, and libsxg. If you have questions about SXG on Google Search, visit the Search Central Help Community . Send feedback Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License , and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License . For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies . Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Last updated 2025-12-10 UTC. LinkedIn Join us on LinkedIn YouTube Watch our videos Blog Subscribe to our RSS feed Podcast Listen to Search Off the Record X (Twitter) Join us on X (Twitter) Get support Go to the help forum Submit a question for office hours Report spam, phishing, or malware More support resources Resources Do you need an SEO? SEO Starter Guide Status of Search systems Search Console documentation Case Studies Tools Search Console Rich Results Test PageSpeed Insights AMP Test Android Chrome Firebase Google Cloud Platform Google AI All products Terms Privacy Manage cookies English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Polski Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский العربيّة हिंदी ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어