For Home  •  For Business  •  About Webroot
My Account • Renew / Upgrade • Cart
 
United States
 
PRODUCTS
 
RESOURCES
 
SUPPORT
 
50% OFF
New year. New devices.
Start smart with protection for your devices, privacy and identity.

 

Antivirus  +  Identity  +  VPN  +  Backup

See plans & pricing
What is digital life protection?

Digital life protection means keeping all parts of your online world safe, including your devices, personal data, identity, and privacy, and shielding them against threats like viruses, scams, identity theft, and data breaches.

Webroot's solutions provide multiple layers of protection to ensure you live a better digital life!

How can Webroot protect you online?​
Antivirus
Multi-device virus and
malware protection.
Identity Protection
Identity monitoring and
proactive alerts for identity
and financial fraud with
with up $1M in stolen funds
reimbursement - plans for 1
to 10 family members1.
Dark Web, Data
Breach Monitoring
Get instant alerts and
expert help if your personal
info is found on the dark
web or in data leaks.
Data Protection
Protects your irreplaceable
files and memories from
daily incidents like
hardware failure or
accidental deletion.
No matter your needs, we’ve got you covered!​

Whether you’re an individual simply seeking device protection or a family requiring
comprehensive internet security coverage3, Webroot offers a variety of plans
tailored to whatever need you have.​​

Essentials

Top-of-the-line antivirus protection for desktop and mobile devices​

Premium

Premium antivirus and identity protection with 24/7 fraud support​

Total Protection

All-in-one antivirus and identity protection with VPN and unlimited backup2​

See all plans
Can’t decide which plan is
best for you?

Webroot offers products for every device and every budget. Take the quiz to find out which product is right for you or your family.


Help me choose
Our customers say it best: see their reviews!

02/25/2025


Webroot

Product Reviewed: Webroot Internet Security Plus

“Excellent Customer Reps. When problem arrives I made a call and rep stated with me to trouble shoot the problem. Next day the problem was solved and was able to sign in.”

- Shofar07

Yes, I recommend this product.

01/28/2025

Great Protection Software!

Product Reviewed: Webroot Antivirus Basic

“I love how Webroot uses the cloud to store all of the virus’s so I don’t have to download new viruses everyday like Norton does.. it keeps my computer safe and doesn’t take up too many resources.. I am grateful for Webroot’s protection.”

- Jon Paul, California

Yes, I recommend this product.

01/28/2025


Excellent Product!

Product Reviewed: Webroot Internet Security Plus

“I’m never disappointed with Webroot to protect my electronic devices. That’s why I continue to use it year after year.”

- Mama883low, Mississippi

Yes, I recommend this product.

01/03/2025


It Works

Product Reviewed: Webroot Premium

“Easy to install, comes with all the extra’s been using it for years. Does not slow down my computer.”

- DaveM, Nebraska

Yes, I recommend this product.

Award-winning solutions you can trust.
Webroot’s antivirus software is recognized
by leading industry associations.

Protect your business with Webroot. Discover our best-in-class solutions.

For business

1 Identity theft insurance covering expense and stolen funds reimbursement is underwritten by American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida, an Assurant company. The description herein is a summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions, and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions. Product may be updated or modified. Certain features require additional activation.
2 Backup & restore with unlimited cloud storage is limited to one PC or Mac.
3 Features may vary between devices and platforms

385 Interlocken Crescent
Suite 800
Broomfield, CO 80021 USA

PRODUCTS & SERVICES
For Home
Renew / Upgrade
RESOURCES
Cybersecurity Education
User Guides
Release Notes
Cybersecurity Resources
COMPANY
About Webroot
About OpenText
Careers
Contact
Copyright © 2025 Open Text Corporation. All rights reserved.
Legal Privacy Cookie Policy Webroot.com Cookies Preferences

We have recently updated our Privacy Policies. We encourage you to read the full terms here.

    
 
We use cookies and similar technologies (including third party cookies from our partners) to enable essential site functionality, enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, personalization, and assist in our advertising and marketing efforts and provide social media features, for which we may share cookie data with our third-party partners. You can update or manage your settings at any time. To learn more, see ourCookie Policy
Cookies Preferences
Reject All Accept All