WebsitePolicies: Compliance Solutions for Small Businesses Skip to content Menu Menu Products Professional Policy Generators Acceptable Use Policy Generator Cookie Policy Generator Disclaimer Generator DMCA Policy Generator Impressum Generator Privacy Policy Generator Refund Policy Generator Shipping Policy Generator Terms and Conditions Generator Consent Management Solutions Cookie Consent Banner Generator Data Subject Access Request Form Pricing Log in Get started Compliance & Legal Solutions Simplified Attorney-drafted legal policies and consent tools, personalized to your needs in minutes. Protect your business, save on legal fees, and stay ahead of changing laws automatically. GET STARTED 200K+ Businesses 1M+ Policies 25+ Languages Safeguard Your Business & Customers Professional Legal Policies A complete suite of attorney-drafted legal policies personalized to your needs and built around the information you provide for the best results. Consent & Data Management Automate consent management and make it easy for your customers to submit data access requests in one place with no extra effort. Comprehensive Coverage Comply with the GDPR, CCPA, PIPEDA, consumer protection laws, and others without having to navigate the complex legal landscape. Trusted by 200,000+ Businesses Peace of Mind Compliance Protect your business by complying with complex laws, regulations, and third-party service requirements in a breeze. Win Your Customers’ Trust Show commitment to transparency and compliance to win your customers’ trust in you and your business. Focus on Your Business Do the work that drives you and grow your business while we take care of the ever-changing laws for you. Everything You Need in One Place Personalized to Your Needs Our smart generators will ensure your policies are tailored to your specific needs to fit exactly what you do and how you operate. No Legal Jargon Guesswork Save hours of research and take the guesswork out of the legal jargon. Have your policies ready in minutes with the easy step-by-step process. Built-in Compliance Manage data subject access requests and cookie consents with built-in tools that ensure your website adheres to global privacy regulations. Backed by Legal Experts All policies are curated by a team of legal industry experts to maintain compliance and ongoing protection and give you peace of mind. Multiple Languages Your legal policies will be available in 25+ languages ensuring compliance and accessibility for your global audience. Automatic Updates We will automatically update your policies to meet the latest laws, regulations, and requirements as they evolve over time. Save on Legal Fees Create your policies for free or take advantage of additional coverage and tools at a fraction of the cost of hiring a lawyer. Easy to Install No technical knowledge is required to create and add the policies to your site or app with multiple installation methods available. Hear it From Our Customers “WebsitePolicies made my life so much easier. Thanks to their smart solution, I was able to launch my new online service page within a few hours. It saved me hours and hours of research and work.” Ivona Ondrackova “Exceptional service from WebsitePolicies. They make it so easy. They have comprehensive packages for any type of web-based business and I have peace of mind that the legal side is covered.” Anna Andrews “WebsitePolicies made it super easy to create a disclaimer for our site. We provide coaching and touch on a lot of subjects that can be sensitive and delicate. Having the legal side covered makes me feel at ease.” Grady Sullivan Ready to Get Started ? Get compliant and legally protect your business in minutes. No credit card required. Get started LEGAL POLICIES Acceptable use policy generator Cookie policy generator Disclaimer generator DMCA policy generator Guest post agreement generator Impressum generator Privacy policy generator Refund policy generator Shipping policy generator Terms and conditions generator COOKIES & CONSENTS Cookie banner generator DSAR form generator RESOURCES Blog Perks and benefits Data privacy laws Legal glossary Support COMPANY About us Contact us Pricing Reviews Partnerships Press kit Dynamic Terms Inc. © 2025 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions