Free Website Builder | Make a Free Website | WebStarts Webstarts Home Features Apps Domains Templates Pricing FAQs Agencies Home Features Apps Domains Templates Pricing FAQs Agencies Login Close menu Home Features Apps Domains Templates Pricing FAQs Agencies Login Create A Free Website, Online Store, Or Blog Now with the power of AI Sign Up - It's Free Watch the demo video Everything You Need Your hosting, domain name, and visual page editor all in one. Create A Website Create a professional looking website without having to write code. The WebStarts drag-and-drop editor makes it easy to create a truly one-of-a-kind website you can be proud of. Write A Blog The WebStarts blog app makes creating new content as easy as making a social media post. And because search engines like Google love new content your site is more likely to get found online. Start An Online Store With WebStarts you can sell products online with a fully featured store. Instant payment acceptance lets you accept credit card payments immediately, so you can start selling today. So Easy Anyone Can Do It So Easy Anyone Can Do It With WebStarts there's no software to download or code to write. 1 Select A Design Choose from one of our dozens of templates then customize it to make it your own with our easy to use visual drag and drop page editor. 2 Get A Custom Domain Get a free custom domain name to share your site with the rest of the world. Your site will be online in minutes. 3 Drive Massive Traffic WebStarts was designed from the ground up to be search engine friendly so you're more likely to get found on Google and other search engines. More Features And Apps More Features And Apps WebStarts is loaded with more features and apps than other website builders. Write a blog Creating content has never been easier with the built-in blog app. Sell products Create a fully functional online store where you can accept payments, process orders, and more. Member login Create and manage members-only pages on your website. Manage contacts Turn more leads and prospects into customers with a complete Customer Relationship Manager. Send marketing emails WebStarts includes a full email marketing app that lets you send follow up and broadcast emails to your contacts. Live chat Each website includes built-in live chat so you can respond to customers in real time, even from your phone. Expert support Live customer support from people who care. What Customers Are Saying Real customers sharing their honest opinions. Optimized For Mobile Not only will you be able to create a version of your website that looks great on mobile but you'll be able to make edits while on the go directly from your phone. The Most Styles, Effects, Fonts, And Assets Turn heads and express your creativity. With more styles, effects, fonts, and assets than any other site builder. Business Email That Matches Your Domain Never show up to an important meeting with a cheap looking free gmail, yahoo, or hotmail email address again. WebStarts gives you a professional looking email address to match your domain name. What Makes WebStarts Different Since WebStarts is everything you need to create a website, hosted in the cloud there's no software to install, there's no coding, no files you need to constantly upload and download. And because WebStarts is a true drag and drop editor there's no limit to what you can create. You can create a design that truly conveys the value of your products and services. With other website builders connecting a domain name is difficult. With WebStarts it's easy. Yes, there are other website builders that let you customize your site, but there's only one made for business and with live web experts ready to help when you need. Compare WebStarts No hosting to buy. No code to write. No software to install. No servers to configure. No domain names to configure. No control panel to monkey with. No databases to manage. No long security keys to keep. No updates, patches, or newer versions to be installed. No themes to install. Everything you need in one place. You deal with one company, you pay one bill, you contact one support. Your domain name configured automatically in less than a minute. A true what-you-see-is-what-you-get visual editor that lets you drag and drop your way to a truly one-of-a-kind website. Why in the world does Webstarts offer completely free websites? We give you a completely free website because we know when you see how easy it is to build powerful, professional looking websites with our tools you'll want to upgrade your site to unlock even more premium features. Get started building your very own free website at www.WebStarts.com. What do I get with a Premium WebStarts Account? In short, you get everything you need to have a professional presence online. Your own domain name, a matching email address, and access to premium features. You can see a complete list by clicking here to view our pricing page . Can I add ecommerce and accept credit card payments on my Webstarts website? Yes, you can add e-commerce to your WebStarts website and will be able to take payments from all major credit cards and even PayPal. How will the website I build with WebStarts look on a mobile phone? Amazing! You will be able to create a version of your website specifically designed to look great on the smaller screens of a mobile device or set our mobile editor to automatically create it for you. Will my Webstarts website show up on Google, Yahoo, Bing, and other search engines? Yes, your WebStarts website will show up on Google, Yahoo, Bing, and other search engines. When you upgrade your site to a paid subscription you get accesss to even more search engine optimization features. How do I get a hold of someone at WebStarts? Visit the WebStarts Knowledge Base to contact our support team help.webstarts.com What type of technical support do I get with a paid subscription? With a paid subscription you get telephone support from 11:00am to 7:30pm EST Monday thru Friday and email support around the clock. We know our hours are somewhat limited but rest assured that you will be working with a WebStarts expert and not a difficult to understand, outsourced minion reading questions and answers off a computer screen. What is the typical response time to technical questions? We typically respond to support emails within one hour during office hours (11:00am to 7:30pm EST Monday thru Friday). We are also available by phone during those times. We do check our email frequently over the weekend and after hours so response times may be more than one hour. Will my email address and account information be kept private? Yes, Webstarts will never share your email address or other account information with anybody for any reason. We don't sell data period. Sign Up - It's Free Login Footer Explore About Us Blog Features Templates Examples Pricing Success Stories Webstarts AI Create A Free Blog Create A Free Website Pages Help Docs FAQs Testimonials Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Partners Affiliate Program Designer Platform Tools Ecommerce Webstarts WebStarts.com is everything you need to create a free website, blog, or online store. © 2004 - 2025 WebStarts.com Numbers Don't Lie 3.8m Websites Built & Hosted