MyHost - Cheap Web Hosting and Domains for New Zealand Web Hosting Web Hosting WordPress Hosting Reseller Hosting Email Hosting Domains Websites Servers Virtual Private Servers Dedicated Servers cPanel Servers Co-location Managed Services About About Us Blog Affiliate Program Data Centre Contact Us 0800 454 537 Log In No Fuss NZ Hosting Fast, reliable and affordable Web Hosting , Dedicated Servers , and more. MyHost has the right hosting plan for any sized business, all right here in NZ. Talk to us Why MyHost Find a cheap domain Search Domain is available! Add to cart Domain is taken Sorry, is already taken, try another search. nz $29.95 /yr au $25.95 /yr com $29.95 /yr Web Hosting plans Get your website up and running quickly with our tailored Web Hosting plans Billed Monthly Product pricing Billed Yearly Small $ 96 8 .66 / year (+ GST) .95 / mo (+ GST) 2  Websites Unlimited  Storage Unlimited  Bandwidth Unlimited  Databases Unlimited  FTP & Email Accounts Unlimited  Parked Domains Automatic & Free  SSL Free Daily  Backups Order now Most Popular Medium $ 161 14 .46 / year (+ GST) .95 / mo (+ GST) 4  Websites Unlimited  Storage Unlimited  Bandwidth Unlimited  Databases Unlimited  FTP & Email Accounts Unlimited  Parked Domains Free Daily  Backups Automatic & Free  SSL Order now Large $ 301 27 .86 / year (+ GST) .95 / mo (+ GST) 8  Websites Unlimited  Storage Unlimited  Bandwidth Unlimited  Databases Unlimited  FTP & Email Accounts Unlimited  Parked Domains Free Daily  Backups Automatic & Free  SSL Order now New Customer Discount 50% off your first month Sign up and use code 50OFF at checkout Find a domain name Search Domain is available! Add to cart Domain is taken Sorry, is already taken, try another search. nz $29.95 /yr au $25.95 /yr com $29.95 /yr Why over 9,000 customers are already with MyHost Moving multiple domains from Freeparking to MyHost. They have been very helpful and rapid in answering all questions. I like the portal better than Freeparking. MyHost offer more than Freeparking for less money. ★★★★★ Roger B Trustpilot reviewer I've ran my own business for 8 years. Finally getting a website sorted. I'm a new user of the service and to date I've had great support and been able to talk one on one with someone who navigates me through set up. Better than a chat bot any day. ★★★★★ Richard Jones Trustpilot reviewer Easy migration from Freeparking: Migrating a WordPress site and 2 domains from Freeparking went smoothly and well. We require NZ based servers. Good prompt response from support staff with the minor hiccups encountered on the way. ★★★★★ Basil Trustpilot reviewer Always helpful, very good pricing, friendly people to deal with. ★★★★★ Ms Hellen K Trustpilot reviewer Went from Crazy Domains to MyHost and the service in both is very good, however the speed and ease of use is not even comparable. If your looking for a easy to modify and simple hosting/domain service MyHost is where you go. The price is way better, the speed was within two hours to change and any adjustments to DNS settings happen instantly, not to mention your DNS is fully customizable at the basic rate. ★★★★★ Andrew B. Google reviewer The support is the best bit and we get the feeling that you are striving to improve your offering in both hardware and support. It is good to know that hardware is being maintained and managed, and if we need any support when issues arise, your team is there to help. Steve and Joanne Founders, BRAVEweb I've tried a bunch of others and I recommend MyHost without hesitation - MyHost offers exceptional value, great features (usually found on over-priced services) and second-to-none help. Do you guys ever sleep? J.S. MyHost customer “MyHost should definitely also be your host. Fantastic packages and efficient service, supported by approachable management.” Alastair G World Record Chaser The support team always seem to go above and beyond, honestly couldn't ask for anything more. Matt S. "Amazing service, I've hosted with many company but the support within this company is a lot better than any other I've been with. Keep it up team!" Ashley B MyHost customer Fastest hosting I've had so far, as well as having great support to help me with my website! Thanks guys! Tonio S These guys are amazing. I've signed up for their web hosting service. I moved from Bluehost and the move has been incredibly smooth. The service is so much faster than what I had. And the customer service is 5 star! Love you guys :) and thanks! It's the perfect service for someone who knows bugger all about hosting & domains. Steph LH Google reviewer Build your own website Our Website Builder lets you create your own professional website with no coding or design experience. See Website Builder packages and prices Need more hosting? VPS Hosting Reseller Hosting Dedicated Servers Co-location VPS Hosting A great option for those who are looking for more than what standard web hosting has to offer. From start-ups, eCommerce sites or even those who are hosting specific CMS or CRMs, you’ll find something to fit your specific requirements. Discover more Reseller Hosting White-labelled reseller plans that allow you to confidently offer web hosting to clients. Enjoy the flexibility of controlling your hosting. Discover more Dedicated Servers Have full power, control and privacy. If you need a highly configurable server to match your resource needs or have strict security compliance to meet, this is the solution for you. Discover more Co-location Located your hardware somewhere secure and reliable. With our knowledge, modern architecture and security, MyHost offers co-location you can trust. Discover more News and advice The latest from our blog News The next round of cPanel price hikes is coming Web Pros, the owners of cPanel, have once again put up prices at the end of the year. Sorry.... Read more Key Statistics We have built the infrastructure and support team that your business can rely on, but we'll let the numbers do the talking. 0800 454 537 Hosting Web Hosting Reseller Hosting Email Hosting WordPress Hosting Domains Servers Virtual Private Servers Dedicated Servers cPanel Servers Co-location Managed Services About About Us Blog Affiliate Program Data Centre MyHost vs Crazy Domains MyHost vs Bluehost MyHost vs Freeparking MyHost vs HostPapa MyHost vs WP Engine MyHost vs Discount Domains MyHost vs Hostgator Terms Terms and Conditions Fair Use Policy Acceptable Use Policy Domain Terms Privacy Policy Service Level Agreement Affiliate Program Terms Contact Us Knowledge Base Network Status 44 Olive Road, Penrose, Auckland 1061 All prices are in NZD and exclude GST Copyright © MyHost 2026