Multilingual spelling and grammar check tools | WebSpellChecker WebSpellChecker Menu EN PT AR FR DE ES Products New WProofreader SDK WProofreader browser extension WProofreader for WordPress Docs Contact us Sign in Our products Integrations Licensing choices Our resellers Try it now AI-powered grammar check and spelling correction suite We’ve built WProofreader – a portfolio of multilingual sentence check and AI text rewrite solutions for dev companies, businesses, and individuals. Easily integrate WProofreader pre-built components with web apps, HTML controls and WYSIWYG editors : CKEditor, Froala Editor, TinyMCE, Quill, etc. Get access to the WProofreader engine via grammar check API. Install as a browser extension for Chrome, Firefox, and Microsoft Edge and host it on cloud or on-premise. Use within Drupal and WordPress CMSs. Try it free Multilingual sentence corrector Proofread spelling and grammar, improve your writing style in 20+ languages. Enjoy spelling autocorrect and autocomplete suggestions. AI paraphrasing tool Try WProofreader AI writing assistant 🪄 Play with the size and style of your texts, summarize key ideas and proofread. Security Data in transit is encrypted with TLS protocol. GDPR-compliant. On-premise deployment is for security-conscious businesses. Assistance We respond within a business day to all sales and tech requests and provide guided installation in case it’s needed. Our products Varying in proofreading techniques all of our products have the same powerful WProofreader engine at hearts. Find the perfect match for your application’s workflow. New WProofreader SDK A combo of ready-made plugins for HTML editors and a standalone API helping development teams enrich web apps and custom systems with sentence checking and paraphrasing functionality. Read more WProofreader browser extension A secure writing assistant for individuals and teams. Available for Chrome, Firefox & MS Edge. Proofread emails, docs, messages and refine your style online. Read more SCAYT plugin for CKEditor 4 Out-of-the-box multilingual grammar and spell checker plugin for CKEditor 4 . It instantly detects and underlines writing issues in as-you-type mode. Read more WProofreader for WordPress Ever wished to have another pair of eyes to look at your text before posting? WProofreader text corrector plugin for WordPress is at your service. Read more Integrations HTML controls WYSIWYG editors Other integrations Web browsers Deployment options On-premise Enterprise-class sentence checker integrated in your infrastructure and hosted on your company servers. Ideal for security-conscious companies. Bespoke terms Licensing and pricing are tailored for your custom infrastructure and processing needs. On-demand features Our tech team will fine-tune the proofreading engine to meet your specific requirements. Ultimate control All data is stored and processed on your servers. Risks of data leakage are eliminated. Flexible deployment Seamlessly integrate the proofreading engine into your infrastructure environment. Try it free Cloud Your proofreading capabilities are hosted on AWS with data centers in the US East region. Perfect for startups and small companies with flexible scaling needs. Quick start Get your proofreading engine up and running in a matter of time with detailed installation guides and responsive support team. Automatic upgrades We provide continuous product upgrades with backward compatibility available in your spelling and grammar check engine. No infrastructure fuss Enjoy the extended functionality of your solution while we take care of the rest. Try it free Our resellers Purchase WebSpellChecker proofreading solutions via our trusted software procurement partners. Your customers need an o nline correction grammar and spelling solution? Contact us and learn more about our reseller program. Products WProofreader SDK WProofreader API WProofreader browser extension WProofreader for WordPress SCAYT plugin for CKEditor 4 Supported languages Company Documentation Partners About us Blog Release notes Community Facebook Medium Twitter LinkedIn GitHub YouTube Contact us [email protected] +1 917 259-10-71 +1 917 259-10-74 Status Privacy policy Terms of service Legal 2025 WebSpellChecker LLC. All rights reserved.