Axeptio consent

Consent Management Platform: Personalize Your Options

Our platform empowers you to tailor and manage your privacy settings, ensuring compliance with regulations. Customize your preferences to control how your information is handled.

English
Product
Integrations
Pricing
Solutions
Resources
Contact sales
Login
Try for free
The easiest way to translate a website

Translate your website instantly with AI, refine with human edits, and go live in multiple languages. It’s mind-blowingly simple!

Get started for free
Works with any website
Free plan available
4.8
★★★★★
G2 Reviews
4.9
★★★★★
WordPress Plugin Directory
4.9
★★★★★
Trustpilot
111,368+ global brands rely on Weglot to translate their websites
Start your website’s
multilingual growth with AI
Make your website available in 110+ languages

Add Weglot to any website to get a fully translated site in minutes. Our no-tech integration is so simple, anyone can do it. You’ll be ready to launch your translated site in a couple of clicks.

See our integrations
Translate with AI and scale faster

Skip the manual work and scale faster with AI-powered website translation. Get to market with accurate, instant translations, then let our built-in AI Language Model do the rest. It learns, improves, and adapts to your brand’s tone of voice, so your multilingual site always sounds like you.

Learn more about how we use AI
Refine with human editing and control quality

Maintain full editing control over your translations. Minimize effort with set-and-forget translation rules, collaborate with teammates, and order professional translators to maximum the quality.

Learn more about translation quality
‍Built-in multilingual SEO

Reach global audiences faster with Weglot’s native multilingual SEO features. Weglot handles the technical setup, including language-specific URLs, hreflang tags for accurate indexing, and translated metadata to boost your online visibility in every market.

Learn more about multilingual SEO
+ See all integrations
Weglot is compatible with your marketing stack

Don’t change the way your website works. Weglot is compatible with any website and hundreds of marketing tools.

Explore all integrations
Businesses like yours recommend Weglot

Weglot’s impact speaks for itself with customers reporting more than a 400% traffic and a 20% conversion rate increase!

As Google prioritizes localized content more aggressively, we needed a solution that would help us rank higher, easier and faster in international markets. It’s so simple with Weglot.
Baris Sen
Head of Growth
“The biggest win for us is the time we’ve saved. It takes us about ten minutes twice a week to double-check everything is running how we want it. Everything else is done by Weglot.”
Adèle Aubry
Ecommerce Manager at The Bradery
“We needed a product that dramatically increased the speed of website translation. Our clunky manual coding approach was time-consuming, but with Weglot, it’s fast and effortless.”
Rich Ball
Marketing Manager, REVIEWS.io
“We’ve seen undeniable time-saving through Weglot’s instant translation. If a modification is made on a product page, we know that it’s automatically translated and live on our multilingual pages.”
Sophie von Kirchmann
E-Store Manager at Polaar
"We looked at many other solutions that had dozens of features that were costly and not actually required by the team. Weglot is incredibly usable, very cost-effective, accessible, and fast."
Dan Dawson
Sr. Manager & Principal Technologist
"We needed to have the entire website in French, including the blog. Now we spend 1/3 of the time we spent before to translate new pages and a better SEO result, so it’s a big win for us!"
Tim Dumain
Co-founder, Bigblue
Learn the best practices to thrive with your multilingual website

Improve your skills and find the key information you need to grow your business globally from our vast collection of resources.

Tool
AI prompts list for international growth

25+ ready-to-use AI prompts to supercharge your international growth actions from market research to campaign creation.

Case Study

Learn how French brand, The Bradery, used Weglot to translate 500+ product launches a day into English and Spanish, on autopilot.

Guide
8 Key SEO Tips for Your Multilingual Website

Discover how to follow the best practices in terms of multilingual SEO and 4 ways to optimize your site’s search engine rankings.

E-book
Best practices for translating your website

Learn how to complete a thoroughly translated and localized website and appeal to global audiences with our comprehensive ebook.

Blog
Does AI Favor Translated Content? (+1.3 Million Citations Analyzed)

Websites with translations gain 327% more visibility in Google AI Overviews and ChatGPT. Learn why untranslated sites risk losing global traffic with our study of 1.3 million citations

What’s new at Weglot

Don’t miss out on our events, resources and latest product updates.

New Year Giveaway
Win a free 1:1 expert session
Enter for a chance to win x2 personalized sessions with a top international expert!
Sign me up
Study
Does AI Favor Translated Content?
We analyzed 1.3 million citations to show the impact of website translation on LLM visibility.
Read more
Product update
AI Language Model
Create your own model, train it on your website and unlock smarter translations powered by AI!
Download free
Weglot is free — try now!

Get instant access to Weglot and see how it works for yourself. Keep using it for free, or upgrade when you’re ready to unlock premium benefits.

Get started free
 - No commitment
No-code solution
AI translation
Full editing control
Multilingual SEO
Language-specific URLs
Product
Integrations
-   WordPress
-   Squarespace
-   Shopify
Customers
Pricing
Available languages
Technical Presentation
Weglot for Enterprise
Company
Our Mission
Partners
Jobs
Resources
Getting Started
Help Center
Developers
Guides
Word Count Tool
Weglot Academy
State of Machine Translation Report
Migration
Weglot Alternatives
International Expert Directory
More
Press
Terms
Privacy Policy
Blog
Product Roadmap
Changelog
Status
Trust and security
Weglot for Enterprise

Discover a powerful and scalable website translation solution with advanced security, custom integrations, guaranteed uptime, and much more.

Book a demo
Subscribe to our newsletter

Stay up to date with the latest Weglot news and tips!

Subscribe now
Weglot © 2025, Translation as a service.
Copyright © 2025 Weglot All rights reserved.