WeightWatchers Weight-Loss Program: Lose Weight for Better Health | WW Canada Skip to main content Skip to footer Points Program Menopause Pricing How it Works Healthy Recipes Inside WW FR Find a Workshop LOGIN Join now Points Program Workshops Menopause Pricing WW Add Workshops How it Works App ZeroPoint Foods Diabetes Healthy Recipes Inside WW FR Find a Workshop LOGIN Join now WeightWatchers Weight-Loss Program: Lose Weight for Better Health | WW Canada [{"type":"span","children":[{"text":"Learn more"}]}] Make this your best year yet—with 50% off! With select plan purchase. Offer terms Weight loss. Health gains. Choose the path that fits you . NEW! WeightWatchers for Menopause Eat healthier with Points® Coach-led Workshops with other members Not sure? Let's find the solution for you. Take our quiz A next-level program for a new you Members lost nearly 4 times more weight with us than those following DIY weight-loss solutions.† What you’ll get: Support from menopause-trained Coaches Unlimited virtual Workshops Tailored nutrition program Science-backed symptom management Learn more †Based on a secondary analysis of a 6-mo randomized control trial of 165 women 45 yrs or older, comparing participants following WW to those given standard nutritional guidelines alone. Funded by WW International, Inc. What WeightWatchers® is all about Nutrition made simple Life is complicated—healthy eating shouldn’t be. Our weight-loss program and customized plans make it easier. No quick fixes We’re not a deprivation diet or prepackaged meals. We’re nutritional and behavioral science that changes your relationship with food—so you can keep your favorites. A strong support system You don't have to do it alone. Our expert coaches and millions of members understand weight loss and are here to support you—online or in person. Nutrition made simple Life is complicated—healthy eating shouldn’t be. Our weight-loss program and customized plans make it easier. No quick fixes We’re not a deprivation diet or prepackaged meals. We’re nutritional and behavioral science that changes your relationship with food—so you can keep your favorites. A strong support system You don't have to do it alone. Our expert coaches and millions of members understand weight loss and are here to support you—online or in person. [{"type":"span","children":[{"text":"Join now"}]}] Join now Our app just got some big upgrades Included in all memberships. Explore 150+ more ZeroPoint® foods Enjoy 350+ filling foods you never have to track, including more protein and fiber-rich options Automatically track your macros See key macro data including carbs, fat, and protein for foods Tracking through food photos Use your camera to track meals and get their Points® value Recipe Analyser Generate Points® totals for any recipe on the internet Explore 150+ more ZeroPoint® foods Enjoy 350+ filling foods you never have to track, including more protein and fiber-rich options Automatically track your macros See key macro data including carbs, fat, and protein for foods Tracking through food photos Use your camera to track meals and get their Points® value Recipe Analyser Generate Points® totals for any recipe on the internet [{"type":"span","children":[{"text":"Learn more "}]}] Learn more Your WeightWatchers journey Work toward your goals in 4 simple steps: 1 Choose your program Join WeightWatchers and choose the program that fits your needs: Points or Diabetes. 2 Get the app Download the WeightWatchers app and explore tools like What to Eat, which helps you make healthy choices at home or on the go. 3 Start tracking With just a few taps, you can track what you eat. Our simple Points system helps you prioritize nutrient-dense foods that get you to your goals. 4 Celebrate your progress Focus on progress—not perfection—while you improve your eating habits, weight, and activity over time. 1 Choose your program Join WeightWatchers and choose the program that fits your needs: Points or Diabetes. 2 Get the app Download the WeightWatchers app and explore tools like What to Eat, which helps you make healthy choices at home or on the go. 3 Start tracking With just a few taps, you can track what you eat. Our simple Points system helps you prioritize nutrient-dense foods that get you to your goals. 4 Celebrate your progress Focus on progress—not perfection—while you improve your eating habits, weight, and activity over time. Everything you need for an easier journey Join now ALL FEATURES ARE PART OF YOUR MEMBERSHIP! Results you can see. Health you can feel. Take it from our members. *People following the WeightWatchers weight-loss program can expect to lose 1 to 2 pounds per week. Stay in the loop Get emails with weight-loss tips, healthy recipes, offers, and more! Email address I'm in I would like to receive exclusive email newsletters and periodic updates about services, products, events and offers from WW. You can withdraw your consent at any time. WW Canada, Ltd. – 101 - 1415 Joshuas Creek Drive, Oakville, ON L6H 7G4 I confirm that I am 18 years of age or older. Frequently asked questions Is WeightWatchers a doctor-recommended weight-loss program? WeightWatchers is the #1 doctor-recommended weight-loss program †. Additionally, our diabetes-tailored plan is based on guidelines from the American Diabetes Association and the International Diabetes Federation. † Based on a 2023 survey by Cerner Enviza of 500 doctors who recommend weight-loss programs to patients. How much does WeightWatchers cost? Generally, memberships start for as low as $23 per month, depending on length of commitment you choose. See offers and pricing here . How is your program different from others? WeightWatchers is the #1 doctor-recommended weight-loss program†. We help you lose weight and build healthy habits, one small step at a time. Fad weight-loss diets can be restrictive, and rarely work long term. We have more than 140 publications that show WeightWatchers’ efficacy to help members lose weight and keep it off. See how WeightWatchers stacks up against the competition . †Based on a 2020 IQVIA survey of 14,000 doctors who recommend weight-loss programs to patients. I’ve tried WeightWatchers before. What’s new? Our updated, simplified weight-loss program makes it easier for you to follow and find success. Every member gets a tailored Points Budget and streamlined list of over 350 ZeroPoint foods. Compared to programs of the past, we now use advanced nutrition science to factor in more food label data, like added sugars, fibre, and unsaturated fats, to guide you toward the healthiest foods. What foods will I eat on the program? What you eat is up to you—and we’ll show you how to enjoy your favourite foods in a way that gets you to your goals. With WeightWatchers, there are no “good” or “bad” foods—just nutritious and less nutritious ones. What do I have to do to get the results I want? We make it as easy as possible. You’ll get a Points® Budget to “spend” however you want. You’ll track your meals, drinks, and snacks in the WW app and enjoy as many ZeroPoint™ foods as you'd like. Activity can also boost your weight loss (vs. only focusing on food)ᶿᶿ. ᶿᶿ Johns DJ, Hartmann-Boyce J, Jebb SA, Aveyard P; Behavioural Weight Management Review Group. Diet or exercise interventions vs combined behavioral weight management programs: a systematic review and meta-analysis of direct comparisons. J Acad Nutr Diet. 2014;114(10):1557–1568. doi:10.1016/j.jand.2014.07.005 ​​ᶿDF Tate et al, 12-month randomized multi-country trial comparing weight loss between the WW program to a Do-It-Yourself approach where resource guides were provided. JAMA Network Open. 2022;5(8):e2226561. Funded by WW International, Inc. Do I have to track everything? Science shows food tracking is the biggest predictor of success—the more you track, the more weight you’ll lose! But we’re all about consistency over perfection: It’s better to track some food most days of the week than every single thing you eat only some days of the week. In other words, perfection is not required. You’ll quickly decide how to approach tracking in a way that works for you. Here are some of our best tracking tips . What are ZeroPoint™ foods? They are nutritional powerhouses that serve as the foundation of healthy eating and support your overall health. ZeroPoint foods also add bulk and flavour to meals, without costing Points® from your Budget, so you don’t have to weigh, measure, or track these foods—no matter how many you eat in a day! Those 350-plus foods include  non-starchy veggies, fruit, eggs, yogurt, cottage cheese, fish, shellfish, chicken and turkey breast, and more. Who are WeightWatchers experts? Our team includes nutrition and behavioral scientists, registered dieticians, clinical researchers, and more. Together they help you overcome common weight-loss hurdles—like stress-eating or late-night snacking—while our exclusive Points system makes nutrition easier —so easy that healthier eating will feel like second nature. After you sign up, you’ll answer a few questions to get a plan customized for you, and build healthy habits with proven behavior change techniques. What are Workshops? Our Workshops (or Meetings, back in the day) are coach-led group sessions held in a Studio location or online. You don’t need to go, but the extra support can ramp up your results: Workshop members lose two times more weight than those who DIY.^ Workshops offer unlimited accountability, and give you a sense of belonging alongside coaches and members who really get it. ^^Based on a 6-month multicenter trial. Apolzan JW, et al. A Scalable, Virtual Weight Management Program Tailored for Adults (n=136) with Type 2 Diabetes: Effects on Glycemic Control. Presented at American Diabetes Association’s 82nd Scientific Sessions. 2022. I’m living with diabetes. Can I do WeightWatchers? We know living with diabetes is challenging. Our diabetes-tailored plan for weight loss helps you lower blood sugar^^, lose weight, and stress less**. ^^Based on a 6-month multicenter trial. Apolzan JW, et al. A Scalable, Virtual Weight Management Program Tailored for Adults (n=136) with Type 2 Diabetes: Effects on Glycemic Control. Presented at American Diabetes Association’s 82nd Scientific Sessions. 2022. **Based on a 6-month multicenter study demonstrating significant reductions in diabetes-related distress. Apolzan JW, et al. A Scalable, Virtual Weight Management Program Tailored for Adults with Type 2 Diabetes: Effects on Glycemic Control. Presented at American Diabetes Association’s 82nd Scientific Sessions. 2022. Our Weight-Loss Program How WW Works Points Program Workshops Diabetes Program WeightWatchers for Menopause Weight Loss Success Stories Pricing Core membership Workshops Recipes and Blog Healthy Recipes WW Blog Our Company About Us Our Future Press Careers Affiliate Program News and Offers Invite a Friend Help Find a Workshop Browse Workshop Locations Frequently Asked Questions Activate Your Code Contact Us Accessibility Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Canada (English) The WW® Logo, WeightWatchers®, Points, and ZeroPoint are trademarks of WW International, Inc. ©2025 WW International, Inc. All rights reserved. Le Logo WW®, WeightWatchers®, Points, ZeroPoint sont des marques de commerce de WW International, Inc. ©2025 WW International, Inc. Tous droits réservés.