Optimizely Content Marketing Platform (CMP) - Optimizely Skip to content Optimizely Logo Products Resources Plans Partners Developers Login Get started Skip to content Optimizely Logo Open Menu Content Marketing Platform Lead with AI. Win with content. A single AI-driven workspace for planning, creating, and collaborating on *exceptional* content and campaigns—just for marketers. Get started Try the new calculator Calculate your projected annual revenue with Optimizely’s Content Marketing Platform Calculate the productivity gains and revenue impact from using Optimizely’s Content Marketing Platform — helping your team plan, create, and publish content that truly performs. Explore the capabilities of our content marketing platform Discover the benefits Total transparency Gain insight into everything the marketing organization is working on and what's coming next Keeping it all aligned Bust down silos and ensure every marketing activity is fully aligned with the organization's goals Better content, faster Use streamlined processes, workflows, and data-driven insights to create quality content that will impact the bottom line Maximized content usage Put an end to content waste and seamlessly reuse and distribute brand-approved content to downstream channels Thoughtfully-embedded AI We’re constantly innovating and adding meaningful AI capabilities to help accelerate and improve your marketing efforts (so you don’t have to) Lower TCO Reduce or remove additional vendor costs by standardizing on a single vendor that’s *actually* built for marketers Optimizely named a 8x Leader in Content Marketing Platforms Did you know that Optimizely was named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Content Marketing Platforms? For the 8th year in a row, Optimizely was recognized as a Leader for its Ability to Execute and Completeness of Vision! Check out the report to learn why Optimizely received a Leader positioning. Access the complimentary report *Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Content Marketing Platforms, Jeffrey L. Cohen, Rene Cizio, Carlos Guerrero, Nicole Coskren, 10 March 2025. This graphic was published by Gartner, Inc. as part of a larger research document and should be evaluated in the context of the entire document. The Gartner document is available upon request from Optimizely. Keep it all connected Integrate with your favorite tools See full list of integrations Send content to social channels Go through your entire social media workflow – copy and image creation, approval, and publishing — all from one place. Share content with sales enablement tools Create and collaborate on sales materials, then push collateral to your sales enablement platform of choice without ever leaving the CMP. Push content to your CMS of choice Create high-performing web content and assets within your desired workflow, then click to publish to your CMS. Yes, it’s that simple. Workflows in CMP make your life easy when you must manage work within a big marketing team. Optimizely CMP helps your team upscale their output. It helps reduce your go-to market time drastically. It’s a highly positive experience when it comes to Optimizely. RAKBANK Without CMP, you’re looking at emails, teams' messages, notes and more. Using CMP is Hunter committing to the digital age and wanting to do it in a better way. Hunter Engineering It's helped us improve the accuracy of our information. We have SEO, content strategists, and legal teams involved in the workflow now because it's easy to manage. Merritt Whitley (on TrustRadius) Creative Copywriter , A place for mom We used to struggle knowing where things were and lose time when working with external agencies. Optimizely makes it a breeze to see exactly where a piece of content is, who has the current action and whether it is tracking on time. Amy Clark (on TrustRadius) Digital Delivery Analyst , Simplot Get started today with creating better content, faster Get started Explore our other solutions Digital Asset Management Content Management System Recommendations Global HQ 119 5th Ave 7th floor New York, NY 10003, USA Contact us Phone: +1 603 594 0249 Products All products Plans & pricing Integrations Roadmap Services Resources Insights Blog Developers Support Education Company About us Working at Optimizely Diversity & inclusion Executive team Press