Wellness Mama | Simple Answers for Healthier Families × Become a VIP member! Get access to my VIP newsletter with health tips, special deals, my free ebook on Seven Small Easy Habits and so much more ! Get my newsletter, tips, deals, and the Seven Small Easy Habits that changed my life. CLICK HERE to become a VIP member! About My Favorites Podcast Blog Search Health Natural Home Motherhood Mindset Natural Remedies Beauty Organization Travel Reviews Recipes Stay in the know Simple Answers for Healthier Families Welcome to the most trusted online source for naturally minded moms. We believe that moms are the most powerful force on the planet and we’re unwavering in supporting and encouraging each other. Join the tribe here! As Seen In Topics Find What You’re Looking For Search Search Beauty View All Health View All Motherhood View All Natural Home View All Natural Remedies View All Organization View All Recipes View All Reviews View All Travel View All Mindset View All Recent Articles Southwest Shepherd’s Pie Recipe December 30, 2025 · Katie Wells Growing up in Texas, I have a special place in my heart for Tex-Mex recipes. Simple dishes like these Tex-Mex lettuce wraps and southwest shepherd’s pie make a regular appearance… The Daily Habits I Can’t Live Without December 26, 2025 · Katie Wells For a long time, I believed feeling my best required complex routines and constant optimization. Instead of spreadsheets to track all my supplements, I’ve learned that health is built through… Delicious Herbal Tea Recipes and Their Benefits December 23, 2025 · Katie Wells Herbal teas are a delicious and easy way to boost fluid intake and sneak in some extra nutrients. Unlike coffee and other teas that have caffeine, herbal tea benefits the… 7 Layer Dip (Protein Packed) December 22, 2025 · Katie Wells While I have my favorite stand-by appetizers, I’m always looking for something new to try. Especially when it involves making a traditional dish even healthier. This 7 layer dip recipe… What My Health Risk Score Showed Me (and How It Can Help You Too) December 19, 2025 · Katie Wells I used to think that serious disease was either genetic, unavoidable, or something that appeared suddenly later in life. You went to the doctor when something felt wrong, ran tests,… DIY Herbal Throat Spray Recipe December 18, 2025 · Katie Wells Once upon a very terrible time, all my kids got a stomach bug at the same time… while I was gone. We don’t get sick often, but it was terrible… View All Articles Join 700,000+ women just like you. Join our community of over 700,000+ women just like you for a weekly dose of community, and a few tools to make your life a little easier. The Wellness Mama Podcast A weekly podcast series covering the health topics of real food, stress, sleep, fitness, toxins, natural living, and much more to give you actionable steps to improve your family’s health. Listen and subscribe via: Apple Podcasts Google Podcasts Spotify YouTube Amazon Listen Notes Pandora Spreaker TuneIn iHeartRadio RSS December 17, 2025 1016: The Teen Health Revolution: Getting Teens to Eat Real Food With The Holistic Kids December 15, 2025 1015: Mindful Living For Kids & Teens (For Kids From Kids) With the Holistic Kids December 10, 2025 1014: Why You Can’t Heal Your Gut If You’re Constantly Stressed With Dr. Tyler Kruse December 8, 2025 1013: The Gut-Skin Connection: Why Clear Skin Starts Inside With Dr. Tyler Kruse Our Books Wellness Mama Cookbook Available on Amazon Filled with over 200 recipes for busy moms, the brand new Wellness Mama Cookbook is the go-to resource for cooking healthy meals while in a hurry. Most recipes take under 30-minutes to prepare and can be made in a single pan… and all of them are kid approved! Read more about it here , or you can purchase it everywhere books are sold! View on Amazon The Wellness Mama 5-Step Lifestyle Detox Available on Amazon The Wellness Mama 5-Step Lifestyle Detox is the natural answer to matters of home, nutrition, and motherhood with over 150 homemade versions of essential household and personal care products. Ever wondered how to “do it all” and keep your family healthy? Then this is the book for you! Read more about it here , or you can purchase it everywhere books are sold! View on Amazon The information on this website has not been evaluated by the FDA and is not intended to diagnose, treat, prevent, or cure any disease. By accessing or using this website, you agree to abide by the Terms of Service , Full Disclaimer , Privacy Policy , Affiliate Disclosure , and Comment Policy . Content may not be reproduced in any form. Ads provided by CafeMedia Family & Parenting Network. Displayed ads do not constitute endorsement or recommendation by Wellness Mama. Content Home About Blog Podcast My Favorites Support Newsletter Podcast Application Medical Review Board My Books Sitemap Contact Policies Privacy Terms of Service Full Disclaimer Affiliate Disclosure Promo Guidelines Comment Policy Join the Wellness Mama Tribe! Get access to my VIP newsletter, special deals and three bonuses, including a 1-week real food meal plan! No spam, ever. Copyright © 2025 · Wellness Mama® · All Rights Reserved · Powered by WP Engine Facebook X YouTube Pinterest Instagram LinkedIn