Wellesley - Home Skip Main Navigation Secondary Wellesley 150 About Us News & Events Give Info For Info For Prospective Students Families of Students Entering Students Current Students Current Faculty & Staff Prospective Employees Alumnae Visiting Campus Search Wellesley Wellesley Menu Site We Are Wellesley An Education that Transforms Financially Possible The Future of Science Where You Belong The Ones Who Open Doors Wellesley In the World Admission & Aid Apply Connect with Wellesley The Wellesley 100 Student Financial Services Admission FAQs Academics Find Programs of Study Departments & Programs Find Courses Faculty Student Research Find Your Voice Academic Centers Study Abroad & Exchange Life at Wellesley Housing Campus Dining Health & Wellness Community Getting Off Campus Career Education Wellesley Athletics Site We Are Wellesley An Education that Transforms Financially Possible The Future of Science Where You Belong The Ones Who Open Doors Wellesley In the World Admission & Aid Apply Connect with Wellesley The Wellesley 100 Student Financial Services Admission FAQs Academics Find Programs of Study Departments & Programs Find Courses Faculty Student Research Find Your Voice Academic Centers Study Abroad & Exchange Life at Wellesley Housing Campus Dining Health & Wellness Community Getting Off Campus Career Education Wellesley Athletics Secondary Wellesley 150 About Us News & Events Give Info For Info For Prospective Students Families of Students Entering Students Current Students Current Faculty & Staff Prospective Employees Alumnae Visiting Campus Search Play Video Pause Video We Are The Ones descriptive video transcript Wellesley We Are the ones. An Unparalleled Education As one of the nation’s premier colleges, we are unparalleled in educating pathbreaking women in every arena: pioneering scientists, environmental revolutionaries, U.S. secretaries of state, civil rights activists, business leaders, network news producers, and genre-defying artists. We are Wellesley ﻿ As one of the nation’s premier colleges, we are unparalleled in educating pathbreaking women in every arena: pioneering scientists, environmental revolutionaries, U.S. secretaries of state, civil rights activists, business leaders, network news producers, and genre-defying artists. We are Wellesley ﻿ Academics 50+ Departmental and interdepartmental majors to explore. Academics ﻿ 97% Employed or accepted to graduate school in their chosen fields within the first six months after graduation. Career Education ﻿ #1 Among liberal arts peers in research funding for faculty. Research ﻿ We are a community that hugs you back 180+ Passions and obsessions to pursue through student-run clubs and organizations. Clubs & Organizations ﻿ Day in the Life “I am overwhelmed by Wellesley’s beauty in every aspect: our amazing community, our lovely campus, how the leaves change with the seasons.” Isabelle Qi ’29 Undeclared Day in the Life “Wellesley encourages me to build connections with others. With abundant resources and something always happening, I never feel alone.” Raaya Ferdous ’27 Cinema & media studies and cognitive & linguistic sciences double major Day in the Life “Wellesley has provided me with countless opportunities to advance my career and research.” Monica Xu ’27 Biochemistry major 180+ Passions and obsessions to pursue through student-run clubs and organizations. Clubs & Organizations ﻿ “I am overwhelmed by Wellesley’s beauty in every aspect: our amazing community, our lovely campus, how the leaves change with the seasons.” Isabelle Qi ’29 Undeclared “Wellesley encourages me to build connections with others. With abundant resources and something always happening, I never feel alone.” Raaya Ferdous ’27 Cinema & media studies and cognitive & linguistic sciences double major “Wellesley has provided me with countless opportunities to advance my career and research.” Monica Xu ’27 Biochemistry major Wellesley Boston Cambridge The best of both worlds. Wellesley’s stunningly beautiful 500-acre campus includes a new Science Complex with an observatory, sustainable labs, a makerspace, and botanic gardens, the nationally renowned Davis Museum, the Jewett Arts Center, and the Keohane Sports Center. And we’re just a short bus or train ride away from one of the most exciting cultural and academic hubs in the world. Life at Wellesley ﻿ We Open Doors We are one of the few colleges that offer need-blind admission. We admit U.S. citizens and permanent residents based entirely on their qualifications, without regard to their financial situations. We make it financially possible for students to attend and thrive. 100% Money shouldn’t be an obstacle to a world-class education. We meet 100% of calculated need for all admitted students. Our average financial aid award is $66,842. This is money that you do not have to repay. Admission & Aid ﻿ Estimate Your Cost ﻿ Wellesley In the World More than a college, Wellesley is a force for change in the world. Every day, we prove Wellesley’s founding radical idea: that educating women leads to progress for everyone. Wellesley hosts inaugural Wellesley in Business Symposium Event offers opportunity for student engagement in business and leadership 40+ Last year students studied abroad or completed internships or fellowships in more than 40 countries. More Info ﻿ Cantata Singers: Stravinsky's Les Noces Feb 07 Cantata Singers and The Percussion Collective unite in a program of innovative music for voices and percussion. Event Info ﻿ Wellesley hosts inaugural Wellesley in Business Symposium Event offers opportunity for student engagement in business and leadership 40+ Last year students studied abroad or completed internships or fellowships in more than 40 countries. More Info ﻿ Cantata Singers: Stravinsky's Les Noces Feb 07 Cantata Singers and The Percussion Collective unite in a program of innovative music for voices and percussion. Event Info ﻿ The Wagner Centers for Wellesley in the World A hub and catalyst for research and global solutions, especially on critical issues related to women, democracy, and gender equity. Madeleine Korbel Albright Institute ﻿ Dedicated to solving global problems by training tomorrow’s leaders. Wellesley Centers for Women ﻿ The premier women- and gender-focused research and action institute oriented around social change. Hillary Rodham Clinton Center ﻿ Empowering the next generation of civic leaders and citizens the world is waiting for. More Wellesley in the World ﻿ Fuel Wellesley’s Next 150 Years Your gift to The Wellesley Fund ensures that the College’s unique, transformative experience endures for the next generation of students. Please make your gift by December 31. Donate now ﻿ Not today × Wellesley Wellesley College 106 Central Street Wellesley, MA 02481 781-283-1000 Social Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Footer Find a Person ﻿ Maps & Directions ﻿ Newsroom ﻿ Events ﻿ Working at Wellesley ﻿ Alumnae ﻿ Intranet ﻿ Utility Title IX ﻿ Commitment to Non-Discrimination ﻿ Consumer Information ﻿ Terms of Use ﻿ Privacy Policy ﻿ Website Accessibility ﻿ Notice of Non-Discrimination Wellesley College is committed to providing equal opportunity in employment and education to all employees, students, and applicants and to making its programs and campus accessible and compliant with all applicable nondiscrimination laws. No employee or student shall be discriminated against or harassed on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, ethnic or national origin or ancestry, veteran status, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, veteran or military status, membership in Uniformed Services, or any category protected by applicable state and federal laws. See Commitment to Non-Discrimination . Site Menu site We Are Wellesley An Education that Transforms Financially Possible The Future of Science Where You Belong The Ones Who Open Doors Wellesley In the World Admission & Aid Apply Connect with Wellesley The Wellesley 100 Student Financial Services Admission FAQs Academics Find Programs of Study Departments & Programs Find Courses Faculty Student Research Find Your Voice Academic Centers Study Abroad & Exchange Life at Wellesley Housing Campus Dining Health & Wellness Community Getting Off Campus Career Education Wellesley Athletics Search Submit Info for Close audience Prospective Students Families of Students Entering Students Current Students Current Faculty & Staff Prospective Employees Alumnae Visiting Campus secondary Wellesley 150 About Us News & Events Give Close Close