Home | Wellcome Skip to main content This website will not work correctly in Internet Explorer 11 and it is strongly recommended that you upgrade to an up-to-date browser. Internet Explorer 11 will go out of support and be retired on June 15, 2022. For more information on upgrading please see browser-update.org . Looking for Wellcome Collection? Close Looking for Wellcome Collection? banner Wellcome home Search Menu Menu icon Close menu Home Research funding Research funding We fund research around the world, across a broad range of disciplines, to understand life, health and wellbeing and to deliver equitable health solutions. Research funding overview Find a funding opportunity Funding guidance Prepare to apply Funding policies and grant conditions Our funding portfolio Funded grants Major initiatives Login to Wellcome Funding Engagement and advocacy Engagement and advocacy We work with communities, governments and partners across the world to advocate for evidence-based health policies that support the communities most affected. Engagement and advocacy overview Engaging people Wellcome Collection Wellcome Global Monitor Advocacy and partnerships Policy lab Our priorities Our priorities We're bringing together expertise from across science, innovation and society to generate new knowledge and find equitable solutions to improve life, health and wellbeing. Our priorities overview Climate and Health Infectious Disease Mental Health Discovery Research Our strategy Equity Sustainability Insights Insights Read our insights to learn more about our activities and impact supporting our mission. Explore insights Articles Reports Podcast Newsletters About us About us We are a charitable foundation with a vision of a healthier future for everyone. About us overview Our people Our governance Our teams Work with us Jobs Contract opportunities Our history How we are funded Media queries Contact us Search Back to menu Research funding We fund research around the world, across a broad range of disciplines, to understand life, health and wellbeing and to deliver equitable health solutions. Research funding overview Find a funding opportunity Funding guidance Prepare to apply Funding policies and grant conditions Our funding portfolio Funded grants Major initiatives Login to Wellcome Funding Back to menu Engagement and advocacy We work with communities, governments and partners across the world to advocate for evidence-based health policies that support the communities most affected. Engagement and advocacy overview Engaging people Wellcome Collection Wellcome Global Monitor Advocacy and partnerships Policy lab Back to menu Our priorities We're bringing together expertise from across science, innovation and society to generate new knowledge and find equitable solutions to improve life, health and wellbeing. Our priorities overview Climate and Health Infectious Disease Mental Health Discovery Research Our strategy Equity Sustainability Back to menu Insights Read our insights to learn more about our activities and impact supporting our mission. Explore insights Articles Reports Podcast Newsletters Back to menu About us We are a charitable foundation with a vision of a healthier future for everyone. About us overview Our people Our governance Our teams Work with us Jobs Contract opportunities Our history How we are funded Media queries Contact us Close search Search Search Hide Search Close search and menu Science to solve the urgent health challenges facing everyone Wellcome is a global charitable foundation. We want everyone to benefit from science’s potential to improve health and save lives. Find out more about who we are Read image details Credit: Ciril Jazbec / Wellcome Photography Prize 2025 Licence: All Rights Reserved The purification system, built with the help of the Instituto de Montaña, channels red river water into canals and pools stocked with ancestral plants that remove the heavy metals and successfully return the water to an acceptable pH level. We support discovery research into life, health and wellbeing, and we’re taking on three worldwide health challenges: mental health , infectious disease and climate and health . Learn more about what we do Find funding opportunities Log in to Wellcome Funding Read funding guidance Latest content News GEN-IMPACT: £10 million investment to advance African genomics and health equity 24 November 2025 2-minute read Wellcome is investing £10 million to establish GEN-IMPACT, a pioneering Africa-led initiative designed to transform health through genomic discovery. Expert perspectives Author Alexander Pym Expert perspectives Author Alexander Pym A golden era of tuberculosis vaccines is coming – but is the world ready? 28 November 2025 5-minute read Expert perspectives Author Miranda Wolpert Expert perspectives Author Miranda Wolpert Innovation is essential to the future of psychiatric medicine 13 November 2025 4-minute read Explainer Explainer What are super pollutants and how do they impact our health? 10 November 2025 5-minute read Wellcome in numbers Our work in the year 2023/24 £1.57 1.57 billion british pounds billion Our charitable expenditure, supporting science to solve the urgent health challenges facing everyone. 2,671 active grants supporting work at 960 organisations across 104 countries, with a total value of £6.4 billion. 480,000 visitors to the Wellcome Collection. 80% felt their visit made them think more deeply about science or health. When Science Finds a Way Our podcast is back with a third season, uncovering more incredible stories of how scientists and communities are tackling the urgent health challenges of our time. Other homepage CTAs About us Learn about our teams, our strategy and how we are funded. Wellcome Collection Wellcome Collection is our free museum exploring health and human experience. Wellcome Photography Prize Celebrating compelling imagery that captures stories of health, science and human experience. Sign up to our monthly newsletter Thank you Stay up to date with some of the biggest stories in global health, and how we're advocating to improve health for everyone. Sign up to our monthly newsletter Your first name Your last name Your email address Interested in more updates? Learn about all our newsletters and subscribe . Tick this box if you're happy to receive other emails about Wellcome news, upcoming events and/or funding opportunities. By clicking subscribe, you agree to receive this newsletter. You can unsubscribe any time. For information about how we handle your data, please read our privacy notice . Subscribe to newsletter Research funding Find a funding opportunity Funding guidance Our funding portfolio Engagement and advocacy Engaging people Advocacy and partnerships Our priorities Climate and Health Infectious Disease Mental Health Discovery Research Our strategy Insights Articles Reports Podcast Newsletters About us Our people Work with us Our history How we are funded Media queries Contact us Support links Wellcome home Wellcome Funding Jobs Modern slavery statement Privacy and terms Cookie policy Manage cookies Accessibility Contact Us Wellcome on Linkedin Wellcome on YouTube Wellcome on Instagram Wellcome on X Wellcome on Facebook Wellcome on Bluesky Wellcome on TikTok Back to top