International Credential Evaluation Services | NACES Member - WES Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Back to Homepage Close Search Search for: Search Help Help Center WES Tools FAQ Important WES Notices Contact WES About WES About WES Leadership at WES Annual Reports Careers at WES Français English Credential Evaluations About Our Credential Evaluations WES Evaluation Reports Testimonials WES Digital Badges Students & Immigrants Evaluations & Fees Evaluations for Canadian Immigration (ECA) Pathways to Teach Canada Tools Required Documents WES iGPA Calculator® Degree Equivalency US Degree Equivalency CA Tools for Institutions & Employers Institutions & Employers Higher Education FAQ AccessWES® Login Social Impact Programming Canada USA WES Gateway Program Public Policy Canada USA Investing Catalytic Investments Investee Partners Philanthropy: Mariam Assefa Fund How We Work Who We Fund Impact Priorities Grantee Partners Resource Library Resources World Education News & Reviews (WENR) Research and Reports WES Policy Submissions (Canada) Canadian Employer Playbooks Tools Credential Evaluation Tools U.S. Policy and Program Maps Career Pathways Tools for U.S. Job Seekers Blog Credential Advice Funding and Financing for Impact Welcoming Communities in Action Worker and Employer Strategies What Is the Best Credential Evaluation Report and Package for Me? Patricia Thao | September 12, 2025 Get an Evaluation Sign In The Canada Post strike may cause postal and courier delays. WES is working to minimize delays as much as possible. For more information, visit our important notices page. Credential Evaluations About Our Credential Evaluations WES Evaluation Reports Testimonials WES Digital Badges Students & Immigrants Evaluations & Fees Evaluations for Canadian Immigration (ECA) Pathways to Teach Canada Tools Required Documents WES iGPA Calculator® Degree Equivalency US Degree Equivalency CA Tools for Institutions & Employers Institutions & Employers Higher Education FAQ AccessWES® Login Social Impact Programming Canada USA WES Gateway Program Public Policy Canada USA Investing Catalytic Investments Investee Partners Philanthropy: Mariam Assefa Fund How We Work Who We Fund Impact Priorities Grantee Partners Resource Library Resources World Education News & Reviews (WENR) Research and Reports WES Policy Submissions (Canada) Canadian Employer Playbooks Tools Credential Evaluation Tools U.S. Policy and Program Maps Career Pathways Tools for U.S. Job Seekers Blog Credential Advice Funding and Financing for Impact Welcoming Communities in Action Worker and Employer Strategies What Is the Best Credential Evaluation Report and Package for Me? Patricia Thao | September 12, 2025 Help Help Center WES Tools FAQ Important WES Notices Contact WES About WES About WES Leadership at WES Annual Reports Careers at WES Français English Get an Evaluation Sign In Learn, work, and thrive in new places. Widely accepted, highly respected international credential evaluation services. We make sure the value of your education is recognized wherever you go. Get an Evaluation Learn More Get a Credential Evaluation in 3 Simple Steps First, apply at wes.org. Then, send us your required academic documents. We create your credential assessment report and send to your recipients. See more details on our processing times . “The WES evaluation is like saying, ‘Okay, she has the equivalent grade point in the U.S., although she received her grades in a different country.’ WES gave me confidence and assured me that my education was worth something.” Joy Okirie, WES Applicant “When the opportunity to participate in the Skilled Immigrant Integration Program (SIIP) came, we immediately decided to apply. SIIP really catalyzed everything we were trying to accomplish.” Anson Green, State Director, Texas Adult Education and Literacy Read More Success Stories Trusted for 50 Years Learn More 4M+ Trusted Evaluations provided to international students and professionals Comprehensive Expertise We have a diverse staff and  a custom-built database that contains over 46 years  of research. We estimate knowledge of institutions from 48,000+ institutions We have knowledge of institutions in 200+ Countries and territories A Trailblazing Social Enterprise We are devoted to the global mobility and success of immigrants, refugees, and international students. We work at the intersection of education, workforce development, advocacy, policy, research, and philanthropy. Social Impact Programming WES designs and supports innovative programs that provide immigrants, refugees, and international students with clear pathways to economic inclusion. Learn More A Trailblazing Social Enterprise We are devoted to the global mobility and success of immigrants, refugees, and international students. We work at the intersection of education, workforce development, advocacy, policy, research, and philanthropy. Philanthropy: The Mariam Assefa Fund The Fund supports organizations focused on increasing access to economic and wealth-building opportunities, on shifting power to local communities and community leaders, and on advancing justice for immigrants and refugees. Learn More A Trailblazing Social Enterprise We are devoted to the global mobility and success of immigrants, refugees, and international students. We work at the intersection of education, workforce development, advocacy, policy, research, and philanthropy. Investments We seek to reimagine what stewardship and fiduciary duty mean for a mission-driven organization. Learn More A Trailblazing Social Enterprise We are devoted to the global mobility and success of immigrants, refugees, and international students. We work at the intersection of education, workforce development, advocacy, policy, research, and philanthropy. Public Policy As a nonpartisan social enterprise, WES advocates for policies that help shape a more welcoming and inclusive economy. Learn More Ideas & Impact As we work to bring about educational, economic, and social inclusion, systemic change is often needed. To help effect such change, we partner with organizations, institutions, networks, and governments on programs, policy, advocacy, research, and grantmaking to benefit immigrants, refugees, international students, and the communities they join. View More Resources Credential Advice Translation Requirements for a WES Credential Evaluation WES Staff | August 2, 2024 Credential Advice Asare’s Journey: Pursuing a Passion for Education WES Staff | August 1, 2024 Funding and Financing for Impact Celebrating Five Years of the WES Mariam Assefa Fund Léa Tienou-Gustafson | July 31, 2024 Credential Advice Answers to Questions About WES Credential Evaluation Reports WES Staff | July 16, 2024 Diverse, Global Team Many of us have lived the immigrant experience firsthand. This inspires and informs our work with our clients and partners. We believe building a better future means ensuring that everyone can contribute their skills and talent wherever they are and wherever they go. Get an Evaluation Newsletter Signup Get timely updates from WES, and discover other tools and publications Subscribe Credential Evaluations About Our Credential Evaluations WES Evaluation Reports Testimonials WES Digital Badges Students & Immigrants International Credential Evaluations and Fees Evaluations for Canadian Immigration (ECA) Pathways to Teach Canada Tools Required Documents WES iGPA Calculator® US Degree Equivalency US Degree Equivalency CA Tools for Institutions & Employers Institutions & Professionals Higher Education FAQ Social Impact Social Impact Programs – Programming Canada USA Gateway Program Social impact Programs – Public Policy Canada USA Social Impact Programs – Investing Social Impact – Catalytic Investments Social Impact – Investee Partners Philanthropy: The Mariam Assefa Fund WES Mariam Assefa Fund – Ways We Work WES Mariam Assefa Fund – Who We Fund Our Impact Grantee Partners Resource Library World Education News & Reviews Tools Articles and Insights Research and Reports Help Help Tools FAQ Important WES Notices Contact WES for Support and Inquiries About Leadership at WES: Meet Our Team Careers Annual Reports Announcements Credential Evaluations Get an Evaluation About Our Credential Evaluations WES Evaluation Reports Testimonials WES Digital Badges Students & Immigrants International Credential Evaluations and Fees Evaluations for Canadian Immigration (ECA) Pathways to Teach Canada Tools Required Documents WES iGPA Calculator® US Degree Equivalency US Degree Equivalency CA Tools for Institutions & Employers Institutions & Professionals Higher Education FAQ AccessWES® Login Social Impact Social Impact Programs – Programming Canada USA Gateway Program Social impact Programs – Public Policy Canada USA Social Impact Programs – Investing Social Impact – Catalytic Investments Social Impact – Investee Partners Philanthropy: The Mariam Assefa Fund WES Mariam Assefa Fund – Ways We Work WES Mariam Assefa Fund – Who We Fund Our Impact Grantee Partners Resource Library World Education News & Reviews Tools Articles and Insights Research and Reports Help Help Tools FAQ Important WES Notices Contact WES for Support and Inquiries About Leadership at WES: Meet Our Team Careers Annual Reports Announcements X Logo Facebook Logo Linked In Logo Youtube Logo Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Accessibility Policies Cookie Policy © 2025 WES. All Rights Reserved. Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent We have updated our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy . By using this website, you accept the new terms. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes I Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent