This website uses cookies and other technologies to better understand visitors’ experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Wesleyan University’s usage of cookies and other technologies in accordance with the Wesleyan University Privacy Notice.

Agree

Skip to Main Content
REQUEST INFO
VISIT
APPLY
GIVE
INFORMATION FOR  
Why Wesleyan
Academics
Admission and Aid
Life at Wesleyan
About
Open full main menu and search
Wesleyan University
Back to Top
[object Object]
Play Ambient Video>
Where Curiosity Has No Limit

Explore unexpected connections, discover what’s truly possible, and pursue your ideas and passions to create the future you envision. It’s what we do at Wesleyan.

APPLY
VISIT US
Play Video
Why Wesleyan

On campus—both in and out of class—you’ll gain the knowledge, experience, and community support to bring your ideas to life and create meaningful change.

FIND YOUR WHY
Previous Slide

Slide 1 of 6
1 / 6

Next Slide
AN EMPOWERING APPROACH TO EDUCATION

Wesleyan gives you an exceptionally well-rounded liberal arts and sciences education. You design your distinct path while also having the opportunity to sample a wide range of courses and activities.

LEARNING THROUGH ACTION

Across the arts, humanities, sciences, and social sciences, blending ideas and action is a hallmark of a Wesleyan education. Hands-on experiences here will turn your academic knowledge into real-world skills.

EXPRESSION THROUGH THE ARTS

Creativity thrives at Wesleyan where we have abundant arts courses, majors, and incredible venues for visual art, film, music, theater, and dance. You can definitely explore and experience the arts as part of your journey here.

RESEARCH WITH IMPACT

Wesleyan’s unique blend of undergraduate focus and high research expectations has made it a leader in groundbreaking research among liberal arts colleges. Every department, college, and academic center integrates opportunities to do meaningful research alongside expert scholar-teachers who want you to work with them—not for them.

ENGAGEMENT IS WOVEN IN

With deep community connections and partnerships in our hometown and around the world, we’re building a better future. From learning and volunteering to campus culture and practices, community engagement is woven in.

TOGETHER, WE MAKE WESLEYAN

Inclusion and belonging are infused in every aspect of Wesleyan. Students from around the globe pursue academic goals on a campus that is inclusive of all cultures, socio-economic positions, and identities.

Explore Academics and Programs

With over 1,000 courses and 47 majors, Wesleyan offers endless opportunities to explore. Our open curriculum challenges you to think creatively, embrace intellectual agility, and take meaningful risks.

BROWSE PROGRAMS
Search Programs
UNDERGRADUATE ACADEMICS
GRADUATE ACADEMICS

1,900+
Courses, Lessons, and Tutorials Offered

450+
Faculty Members

17
Colleges and Academic Centers

Stories from Our Community

At Wesleyan, every voice adds to the vibrancy of our community. Hear from students, faculty, and alumni as they share the impact of their Wesleyan experience.

When applying to colleges I was very concerned about putting myself in a box. I was drawn to the open curriculum and the opportunities afforded to me to take classes in the social sciences and humanities while maintaining a strong STEM background. 

GUY BENNEVAT HANINOVICH ’23

LEARN MORE
Go to slide 0
Go to slide 1
Go to slide 2
Go to slide 3
Go to slide 4
Go to slide 5
Life Beyond Academics

It’s all here—so many opportunities for a full, rich life beyond your classes.

LIFE AT WESLEYAN
ATHLETICS  

With a high-level of competitive excellence, over half of our student body is active in either varsity, club, or intramural sports every year.

HOUSING AND DINING  

Nearly all of our students live on campus for their full undergraduate experience, making Wesleyan an uncommonly close community.

CLUBS AND ACTIVITIES  

The fearlessness, fierceness, and fun that define our community come to life in our 200+ student clubs, groups, and teams.

News and Events
ALL NEWS
ALL EVENTS
Fifteen Wesleyan Students Join Phi Beta Kappa
Campus Life 12/9/2025
Horror at Semester’s End
Roth on Wesleyan 12/14/2025
A Very CoDES Winter Greeting
Campus Life 12/14/2025
Study Probes Link Between Pesticides and ALS
Natural Sciences and Mathematics Research 12/9/2025
MORE NEWS
Event Date Tuesday December 30
DEC
30
TUE
Wesleyan University Men’s Basketball vs Penn College of Technology
Noon - 2 p.m. Willimantic, CT
Event Date Tuesday December 30
DEC
30
TUE
Wesleyan University Women’s Basketball vs Whittier
2 - 4 p.m. Las Vegas, NV
Event Date Friday January 2
JAN
2
FRI
Wesleyan University Men’s Ice Hockey at Plattsburgh State
7 - 10 p.m. Plattsburgh, NY
ALL EVENTS
Get Social

Wesleyan University

Wesleyan Address
   45 Wyllys Avenue, Middletown, CT 06459
Phone Number
  860-685-2000
Contact Directory Campus Map WesPortal Careers Bookstore Library
Follow Us on Facebook
 
Follow Us on Threads
 
Follow Us on Instagram
 
Follow Us on LinkedIn
 
Follow Us on YouTube
 
Follow Us on WeChat
 
TikTok
 
RSS Feed

Nondiscrimination Statement
Wesleyan University does not discriminate in admission, employment, or administration of programs and activities on the basis of race, color, religious creed, age, gender, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, ancestry, present or past history of mental disorder, learning disability or physical disability, political belief, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, or criminal record. To learn more about Wesleyan's promotion of equity and inclusion throughout the University community, please visit wesleyan.edu/inclusion/. The following person has been designated to handle inquiries regarding nondiscrimination policies: Vice President for Equity and Inclusion, Title IX and ADA/504 Coordinator.

© 2025 Wesleyan University  Copyright Privacy Title IX Accessibility Consumer Information Nondiscrimination
Why Wesleyan
Academics
Admission and Aid
Life at Wesleyan
About
Main Menu