Home Page - The Western Journal menu Membership Member Log In Log Out Manage Premium News Commentary Donate Shop Membership Member Log In Log Out Manage Advertisement Andrew Harnik / Getty Images Breaking: DOJ Announces 98 Total Arrests in Minnesota Fraud Case - 85 of 'Somali Descent' By C. Douglas Golden December 29, 2025 Comment Comment Share More Share Latest Stories Churches Across the Country Join in Troubling Closure Trend for Final Sunday of 2025 BREAKING: Kash Patel Says Minnesota Fraud Probes Were 'Buried' Under Biden - They Implicated His 'Allies' Police Release New Dash Cam Footage That May Show Missing Texas Teen Camila Mendoza Olmos Disney to Pay $10 Million Penalty for Alleged Illegal Targeting of Children Reporter Threatens to Enter 'Conservative-Backed' Day Cares to Film Children in Bizarre Response to Minnesota Fraud Scandal More Stories Amber De Vos / Getty Images JFK's Controversial Granddaughter Dies at Just 35: 'She Will Always Be in Our Hearts' @nickshirleyy / X screen shot Commentary Infamous Minneapolis Day Care Finally Fixes Their Sign - But They Still Didn't Get It Quite Right Mgov / Getty Images Not Just Minnesota? Buzz About Somali-Linked Fraud Emerges in Two Additional States Kathryn Riley / Getty Images NFL Star Stefon Diggs Charged with Strangulation and Assault Sponsored Paradigm Press Sponsored Why is China Buying Farmland Near Military Bases? Advertisement Latest News Politics Business Media Watch Gun Control Joe Biden See All → Commentary Trucker Charged with Christmas-Week Manslaughter Entered US Illegally: Report This should be infuriating for anyone with a conscience. It should be extra infuriating for anyone who cares about immigration. By Bryan Chai December 30, 2025 Comment Comment Share More Share Anna Moneymaker / Getty Images Minnesota GOP Rep. Tom Emmer Goes Scorched Earth, Calls for 'Denaturalization and Deportation of Every Somali Engaged in Fraud' "I have three words regarding Somalis who have committed fraud against American taxpayers: Send them home." By Bryan Chai December 30, 2025 Comment Comment Share More Share Tom Brenner - The Washington Post / Getty Images Biden Admin Gave Out Billions in Housing Aid to Dead, Ineligible Tenants: HUD HUD’s internal review flagged approximately $5.8 billion in rental assistance payments made in fiscal year 2024 as “questionable." By Melissa O'Rourke December 30, 2025 Comment Comment Share More Share Paul Morigi / Getty Images Courtesy of the Rainey Center Commentary Watch: Scott Jennings Refuses to Let CNN Panel Twist Minnesota's Somali Fraud Scandal "Well, some people have been held accountable... But I think in the opinion of most Republicans, not nearly enough..." By Bryan Chai December 30, 2025 Comment Comment Share More Share Matt Winkelmeyer / Getty Images for Human Rights Campaign Rob and Michele Reiner Records Abruptly Sealed After Move by LAPD The LA County Office of Medical Examiner confirmed that a security hold has been placed on all records connected to the case. By Johnathan Jones December 30, 2025 Comment Comment Share More Share Commentary and Opinion Commentary Op-Ed Cartoons See All → Lisa-Blue - iStock / Getty Images Commentary Dems Told Us Somalis Are Massive Contributors to Minnesota. Stats Prove That's a Lie of Profound Proportions "The contrast between Somalis and native Minnesotans could hardly be greater," the report released earlier this month found. By C. Douglas Golden December 29, 2025 Comment Comment Share More Share Tibrina Hobson / Getty Images Commentary GOP Rep Introduces Bill to Stop Minn. Welfare Fraud From Spreading to Other States -- And Dems Will Hate Law's Name “What we’re seeing in Minnesota is a jaw‑dropping failure of leadership, nearly $9 billion lost to fraud under Governor Tim Walz’s watch." By C. Douglas Golden December 30, 2025 Comment Comment Share More Share Paul Morigi / Getty Images Courtesy of the Rainey Center Commentary Watch: Scott Jennings Refuses to Let CNN Panel Twist Minnesota's Somali Fraud Scandal "Well, some people have been held accountable... But I think in the opinion of most Republicans, not nearly enough..." By Bryan Chai December 30, 2025 Comment Comment Share More Share Op-Ed Neil Bright Op-Ed: Trump Derangement Syndrome - The Symptoms and The Cure Op-Ed Laura Wellington Op-Ed: Entitlement and Estrangement, The Recipe for Bad Parenting Op-Ed Larry Elder Larry Elder: Don't Forget What Rob Reiner Said and Did to Donald Trump Commentary Adelle Nazarian The Bondi Beach Hanukkah Massacre and the Islamist Blind Spot the West Refuses to Confront Advertisement U.S. News Immigration Sports Culture Science & Tech See All → Joe Raedle / Getty Images Trump 'Very Close' to Securing Russia-Ukraine Peace Deal After Zelenskyy Meeting Demetrius Freeman - The Washington Post / Getty Images GOP Rep to Force Vote on Expelling Ilhan Omar from Congress Andrew Harnik / Getty Images 'Something Just Snapped': J6 Pipe Bomb Suspect's Confession Revealed in Court Docs Jay L Clendenin / Getty Images FBI Foils New Year's Eve Terror Plot by 'Pro-Palestinian' Group in California: Officials Kevin Carter / Getty Images DOJ Investigating Google, Verizon, Other Major Companies Under False Claims Act Andrew Harnik / Getty Images D.C. Pipe Bomb Suspect Explains Why He Turned to 'Extreme Acts of Violence' in New Court Filing Anna Moneymaker / Getty Images Swalwell Pushes Democrats to Impeach Pam Bondi, Other Officials if They Win the Midterms Victor Davis Hanson and The Daily Signal / YouTube screen shot Conservative Stalwart Victor Davis Hanson to Step Away from His Show After 'Serious' Medical Diagnosis Carmen Mandato / Getty Images for Netflix Scary Video: Days After Shattering Jake Paul's Jaw, Anthony Joshua Involved in Fatal Car Crash Mikhail Metzel - Pool - AFP / Getty Images Russia Alleges Game-Changing Ukrainian Attack on Putin Residence Jabin Botsford - The Washington Post / Getty Images Gen. Flynn Sends Blistering Request to Trump: 'We The People Demand Accountability!' Timothy A. Clary - AFP / Getty Images Look for Times Square Crystal Ball To Do Something Different This Year As USA's 250th Birthday Approaches Lifestyle & Entertainment Faith Health Celebrities Women Animals See All → Oze Creatives / Getty Images Notorious Raccoon That Raided Liquor Store Makes Headlines Again - It Turns Out He's a Serial Offender Comment Comment Share More Share #redrocksron / Instagram screen shot Feature Heartbreaking: This Sweet Christmas Card from NASCAR Legend Greg Biffle's Family Began Arriving Just After a Plane Crash Took Their Lives Comment Comment Share More Share Michael Loccisano / Getty Images; David Livingston / Getty Images Commentary Tragic: Conan O'Brien Could Have Saved Reiners' Lives if He Hadn't Ordered Guests Not to Call the Police When Nick Spun Out of Control Comment Comment Share More Share GarnerWhiteVideo / YouTube screen shot Feature Thousands of Kids Get Gift of Freedom and Fun from Bicycle Charity Comment Comment Share More Share Premium Content See All → Tasos Katopodis / Getty Images Premium Trump's Top 10 Campaign Promises Fulfilled in First Year President Donald Trump fulfilled many of his major campaign promises during his first year in office, but he's still working on a few. Comment Comment Share More Share MarioGuti - iStock / Getty Images Premium Fact Check: Was the Video of Jeffrey Epstein's Suicide Accidentally Published by the DOJ Actually Real? The video showed up on the Department of Justice's website for a reason, and not exactly the one you might expect to hear. Comment Comment Share More Share Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images Commentary 5 Things the GOP Needs to Change to Win the 2026 Midterms The president’s party usually loses ground in the midterms, and early signs are blinking that the pattern will hold. Comment Comment Share More Share Advertisement Find Us Social Facebook X Subscribe Get the latest news delivered right to your email. Download the App News, Politics, Culture, and more in realtime. Subscribe to get the latest news delivered right to your email Subscribe to get WJ’s daily email newsletter. Facebook X About Us Editorial Standards Contact Us Careers Partnership Advertise With Us Log in to your account Log in with Google Log in with Facebook Log in with Email Email has been sent to with a login link. Simply click this link to login. You will not need your password. If you don't see the email immediately, please check your spam and mark it as not spam. If you entered an incorrect email, restart your login . ✖ Close close Membership Member Log In Log Out Manage Premium News Commentary Lifestyle & Human Interest About Ethics and Editorial Standards Donate Membership Shop Work With Us Partnership Advertise With Us WJ Wire Content Syndication Contact Us Find Us Become a Member Subscribe to the Newsletter Download the WJ App Watch WJ Movies Facebook Instagram Linkedin Twitter Youtube Copyright © 2025 The Western Journal. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Sitemap Terms of Service close Explore The Western Journal Politics U.S. News World News Commentary Lifestyle & Human Interest Business Science Media Watch Premium Sponsored Premium News Commentary Lifestyle About Membership Donate Sponsored Download the App . . Copyright © 2025 The Western Journal. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Sitemap Terms of Service Do Not Sell My Personal Information ×