Customers | Westnet Skip to main content Customers Sales: 13 19 17 Support: 13 22 58 Webmail MyAccount Menu NBN Fibre Plans Find your perfect NBN plan Wireless Plans NBN outside of Fibre areas Coverage Where and When NBN is available Mobile TV Moving Home? Business About Support Contact Support Contact Us Search Search Search Log in to MyAccount Username Password Open MyAccount Forgotten your username? Forgotten your password? Open MyAccount Open Webmail Open Webmail Moving Home? Network Status Looking for an internet or mobile plan? Westnet is no longer signing up customers to our services. You can sign up to great value internet and mobile plans with iiNet. Explore iiNet products Need help? You can find detailed information about the move to iiNet on our support page. You can also call 1300 362 835 for more help. Find out more Business Customers Westnet is no longer connecting services for new customers. New business
      customers can sign up to internet and mobile business solutions with TPG Telecom . For existing Westnet business customers, there will be no change to your services at this time. Existing customers can still
      change plans, add new services, update account details, move location and
      cancel services by calling 1300 786 068 . Login to MyAccount Call sales on 13 19 17 Support & billing call 13 22 58 Contact Us Webmail MyAccount Support Network Status Internet Speed Test Financial Hardship Domestic and Family Violence Support For your home: NBN™ Plans Home Wireless Broadband 5G Home Broadband Moving Home? Mobile Phone Plans For your business: Business About us: Legal Stuff For your home For your business Facebook Twitter YouTube Home Sitemap Complaints and Network Outage Complaints Privacy Statement Authorised Representatives 2025 © Westnet Pty Ltd. ABN 50 086 416 908. We acknowledge the Traditional Custodians of Country throughout Australia and the lands on which we, and our communities live, work and connect. We pay our respects to their Elders, past, present, and emerging. NBN Fibre Plans Wireless Plans Coverage Mobile TV Moving Home? Business About Support Contact