Home | Western Sydney University STUDENTS STAFF Contact Us Study with Us Study with Us Explore Our Courses Undergraduate Degrees Postgraduate Degrees Research Degrees Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Courses Microcredentials Sydney Graduate School of Management Apply Application Pathways Bonus Points HSC True Reward Scholarships Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Pathway Program New to Uni Orientation How Uni Works The College Pathway Programs RTO Programs English & Testing Programs International Indigenous Students Online Library The Academy Research Research Globally recognised for our research strengths and innovations in teaching, our impact-driven research transforms lives and shapes the future. Research at Western Research Centres & Institutes Resources Business Services Equipment Access (Book Research Equipment) Contact Us About Western About Western University Governance Leadership and Governance Executive Personnel Mission, Goals and Strategic Plan Our History Western 2030 Schools Review Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Education Faculties & Schools School of Business School of Computer, Data and Mathematical Sciences School of Education School of Engineering School of Health Sciences School of Arts School of Law School of Medicine School of Nursing and Midwifery School of Psychology School of Science School of Social Sciences School of Built Environment Education at Western Campuses and Services Our Campuses Services and Facilities Safety and Security Accommodation Child Care Food Parking Venue Hire Library Contact Us Careers at Western Community Community Engage with Us Working in the Community Working with Schools Employ a Student or Graduate Penrith Observatory UniClinic Business and Community Centre for Western Sydney Launch Pad Western Growth Western Sydney Creative International Partnerships Jobs for Students Giving to Western Alumni Indigenous Stay Near. Go Far. Your future's closer than you think. Learn more Get Set. Feel Ready. Join us at our online webinars for support navigating enrolment, preferences and everything you need for a smooth start. Find out more Opportunities not limited by ATAR The College offers flexible pathways into your dream Bachelor degree at Western, with the support you need. Learn More Western Sydney University Cyber Incidents: For a copy of the University’s 23 October 2025 Public Notification and more information about the University’s cyber incidents and to access the support services available, please see the dedicated webpage here . Scam emails: We are aware of an increase in suspicious emails affecting students. Don’t click links, reply, or provide passwords. Report it to the IT Service Desk , delete the email, and update any affected passwords. Undergraduate Degrees Postgraduate Degrees Application Pathways International Why Choose Western Start Your Journey Apply Now Explore Your Courses Life At Western Student Life Our Campuses Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Student Success Library News and Events 18 December 2025 Western Sydney University celebrates December graduation Western Sydney University has marked the final graduation ceremony for 2025, celebrating the achievements of students from the School of Medicine. 17 December 2025 Western and TAFE NSW strengthen student outcomes in high-demand qualifications 17 December 2025 Spreading Christmas cheer through Chancellor’s Toy Appeal 17 December 2025 Students celebrate solar car victory with special lap Go to news centre See calendar Testimonials Why Study Here "I never really felt at home or that there was a space for me, but then I moved to Western Sydney University and everything just kind of fell into place." Yeukai Deshe, Bachelor of Engineering (Honours) (Civil Engineering) "My academic voyage at Western has been an amazing experience, profoundly influencing my career and undoubtedly one of the best decisions I've made." Nabin Gautam, Bachelor of Tourism and Event Management “I chose to study at Western Sydney University because I felt that my idea of a university environment and experience aligned with the values of Western." Regan Handley, Bachelor of Science (Nutrition and Food Science) – We're here for you and your success From bridging programs to workshops to Peer Assisted Study Sessions (PASS), we have a range of initiatives that give our students the best chance of success. How Western Supports You *Disclaimer Discount rates vary by program, the maximum available is a saving of 87%. We've added newly discounted courses for 2025, while existing CSP funding remains in place for 2025. Visit our Postgraduate fees webpage for more information. Acknowledgement of Country With respect for Aboriginal cultural protocol and out of recognition that its campuses occupy their traditional lands, Western Sydney University acknowledges the Darug, Dharawal, Gadigal, Gundungurra and Wiradjuri peoples and thanks them for their support of its work in their lands (Greater Western Sydney and beyond). Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy Copyright Complaints Unit Admissions Transparency Right to Information Emergency Help Contact Us 1300 668 370 Locked Bag 1797 Penrith NSW 2751 Follow Us Website Feedback Western Sydney University Copyright © 2004-2025 |   ABN 53 014 069 881  |   CRICOS Provider No: 00917K  |   TEQSA Provider ID: PRV12061 (Australian University)