Homepage - Westat Skip to content Westat Menu WesLytics™ For Research Participants For Research Participants For Research Participants For Research Participants Human Subjects Protection and Code of Ethics Participation in Studies or Surveys Participación en estudios o encuestas Careers Contact Us Keyword search Submit search Keyword search Submit search Projects Services Services Services Services View All Services Focus Areas Behavioral Health Clinical Research Education Food and Nutrition Health Services Research and Health Policy Labor and Workforce Development Public Health Social Services Transportation Capabilities Advanced Technologies Biomedical Informatics and Data Coordination Biostatistics and Epidemiology Communications Data Collection Data Science Evaluation and Mixed-Methods Research Statistical Methods Survey Design Technical Assistance Featured Services Clinical Research Westat’s clinical research solutions lead the way in offering both comprehensive and stand-alone clinical services. By integrating transformative technology with interdisciplinary expertise, we provide unparalleled insights and solutions for our federal and commercial clients. Biostatistics and Epidemiology Westat optimizes clients’ clinical trials and disease surveillance studies, swiftly generating crucial insights to protect and enhance the nation's health. Our researchers tackle emerging questions and concerns about diseases with precision and expertise. View All Services Experts Insights About Westat About Westat About Westat About Westat About Westat Leadership Our History Social Responsibility Locations Small Business Program Contract Vehicles News WesLytics™ For Research Participants For Research Participants For Research Participants For Research Participants Human Subjects Protection and Code of Ethics Participation in Studies or Surveys Participación en estudios o encuestas Careers Contact Us Keyword search Submit search Improving lives through research Westat offers innovative professional services to help clients improve outcomes in health, education, social policy, and transportation. We are passionate about work that has a positive impact on individuals and society. About Westat Pause Video Weslytics: Harnessing the power of data WesLytics brings together the industry-leading Databricks AI and cloud management platform and our own subject matter, technical, and methodological expertise to manage, engineer, and analyze data, regardless of type, volume, or origin. With WesLytics, we are pioneering innovative, high-caliber solutions that are also efficient and adaptable, meeting the wide-ranging needs of our clients and partners. Learn More News The Latest @ Westat View All News Conference Westat Presents Cutting-Edge Research at JMM 2026 December 15, 2025 In the News Slow Down, Move Over Laws: Drivers Miss the Message December 9, 2025 In the News Join the ASA Communities in Action Town Hall: December 10, 2025 December 5, 2025 Press Release Westat Announces Relocation to New Bethesda Headquarters December 2, 2025 In the News Westat Sponsors 2025 Quantum Computing Symposium at USG November 17, 2025 Conference Westat to Participate in APPAM 2025 Fall Research Conference November 6, 2025 In the News Supporting CMS’s Efforts to Reduce Waste by Harnessing AI November 4, 2025 In the News Advancing Statistical Practice: Inference and Privacy in Synthetic Data November 3, 2025 Conference What Is AI’s Impact on Market Research? Westat Offers Insight October 30, 2025 Spotlight Topics Addressing today’s most critical issues Workforce Development Drives Solutions to Rural Healthcare Shortages Rural communities face disproportionate shortages of healthcare professionals, resulting in diminished access to care, longer wait times, fewer available services, and, ultimately, poorer health outcomes.… Read More about Workforce Development Drives Solutions to Rural Healthcare Shortages Responsible Synthetic Data: Unlocking Insights While Safeguarding Privacy From electronic health records (EHRs) to federal statistics, synthetic data are rapidly transforming how organizations share and analyze information, offering new ways to unlock insights… Read More about Responsible Synthetic Data: Unlocking Insights While Safeguarding Privacy Moving AHEAD by Overcoming Potential Challenges to Healthcare Transformation Healthcare access and costs in the U.S. continue to move in opposite directions—access is declining while costs keep rising. Americans need innovative solutions that tackle… Read More about Moving AHEAD by Overcoming Potential Challenges to Healthcare Transformation Featured Services From data to discovery,  from discovery to solutions. View All Services Biostatistics and Epidemiology Westat optimizes clients’ clinical trials and disease surveillance studies, swiftly generating crucial insights to protect and enhance the nation’s health. Our researchers tackle emerging questions and concerns about diseases with precision and expertise. Read More about: From data to discovery,  from discovery to solutions. Food and Nutrition When food insecurity or lack of knowledge about healthy eating threaten Americans’ health, Westat’s work supports nutrition assistance programs, ensuring access to affordable, nutritious food and receipt of benefits without compromising effective public fund management. Read More about: From data to discovery,  from discovery to solutions. Survey Design Our decades of experience and innovative strategies in sampling, multimode data collection, and instrument development ensure high-quality, cost-effective, and representative data collection for surveys of any size and scope. Read More about: From data to discovery,  from discovery to solutions. Projects Featured Work View All Projects National Cancer Institute (NCI) National Institutes of Health (NIH) What can improve physician and patient access to NCI-sponsored clinical trials? Read More National Cancer Institute (NCI) National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS) Are pesticides a health hazard for farmers? University of Maryland Can alternative developmental math pathways accelerate college success? Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) What is the most complete source of data on the use and costs of health care for Americans? How can we help? We welcome messages from job seekers, collaborators, and potential clients and partners. Get in Contact Want to work with us? You’ll be in great company. Explore Careers Back to Top Westat ® Improving Lives Through research ® Contact Us LinkedIn Facebook X Youtube Instagram Accessibility Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Copyright © 2026 Westat All Rights Reserved. We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings . Read more in our Privacy Policy . Accept Change cookie settings Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies 3rd Party Cookies Additional Cookies Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled 3rd Party Cookies This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Additional Cookies This website uses the following additional cookies: Google Analytics Google Tag Manager Google Search Console Google Sitekit Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Enable All Save Changes Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance