Home - The Weston A. Price Foundation Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content The Weston A. Price Foundation Home About About the Foundation Our Logo = Our Mission Board of Directors Staff A message from Dr. Weston A. Price 11 Dietary Principles Brochures Shopping Guide Healthy 4 Life Beginner Tour Vegetarian Tour Take a Stand Funding Disclaimer Comment & Privacy Policy Contact Us Health Topics Podcast/Videos Wise Traditions Podcast About the Show Tradiciones Sabias Podcast Videos Journals Recipes/Reviews/Blogs Book Reviews Video Reviews Recipe of the Week Mother Nature Obeyed Campaign for Real Milk Find Food/Local Chapters Local Chapters Shopping Guide RealMilk.com Help for Farmers Events Wise Traditions Annual Conferrence All Upcoming Events Wise Conversations Past Conferences Conference Recordings Get Involved Action Alerts Advertising Information Journal Ad Pricing Sample Ad Pages SG Product Review Podcast Ads Why Advertise on Our Podcast Wise Traditions Podcast Ad Form 2021 Health Freedom Membership Join Email Update List Legislative Updates Letters & Testimonials Local Chapters Library Translations Press Petitions & Testimony Web Watch Membership/Store Become a Member Login/Member Status Member Renewal Gift Membership Donate Store Main Content Main Content Planned Shutdown Of Raw Milk Farmers About the Weston A. Price Foundation The Weston A. Price Foundation (WAPF) is your source for accurate information on nutrition and health, always aiming to provide the scientific validation of traditional foodways. People seeking health today often condemn certain food groups — such as grains, dairy foods, meat, salt, fat, sauces, sweets and nightshade vegetables — but the Wise Traditions Diet is inclusive, not exclusive. We show you how to include all these nourishing traditional foods in your diet through wise choices and proper preparation techniques. The result is vibrant health for every age of life, including the next generation. Read more. . . Features Say No to Cell Towers in your Neighborhood See CHD’s 704 No More initiative to give local communities back their rights over cell tower locations Bird flu in raw milk? Sally Fallon Morell reveals the lies underlying the latest attack on raw milk. Keep Those Calls Coming for the PRIME Act Coronavirus Resources CHD Interview with Sally Fallon Morell What The Media Don’t Tell You About Measles Sally Fallon Morell dispels vitamin A fears Treating Measles With Cod Liver Oil Dr. Ben Edwards talks about treating measles with cod liver oil Alleged Measles Outbreaks And The Questions They Invite Dr. Tom Cowan asks, does measles exist? Dietary Practices Of Indigenous Children In India Research by Loyola Vikasa Kendra centers on the merits of traditional dairy Special Service for members Pete Kennedy is available for consultation with WAPF members on herdshare contracts and buyer’s club agreements; he has worked with hundreds of farmers around the country on herdshare contracts. You can reach Pete by email at pete@realmilk.com. Main Health Topics Dr. Price’s Key Discovery Abundant fat-soluble vitamins in traditional foods Cod Liver Oil Our number ONE superfood What About the Paleo Diet? Comparison with the Wise Traditions Diet In the Footsteps of Dr. Price The WAPF message goes to Masai in Africa Happy, Healthy Children Advance planning is necessary Why Butter is Better Nature’s healthiest fat Vaccinations The most important decision parents will ever make Dietary Guidelines from the USDA Same ol’ disastrous dietary advice Podcasts and Blogs Podcast Episodes Recipe of the Week Mother Nature Obeyed Real Milk Blog All Health Topics ABCs of Nutrition Ask the Doctor Book Reviews Caustic Commentary Children’s Health Cod Liver Oil Dentistry Dietary Guidelines from the USDA Video Reviews Environmental Toxins FAQ Farm & Ranch Homeopathy In the Footsteps of Dr. Price Know Your Fats Making it Practical Men’s Health Mental & Emotional Health Modern Diseases Modern Foods Notes from Yesteryear Nutrition Greats Real Milk Soy Alert! Traditional Diets Vaccinations Vegetarianism & Plant Foods Women’s Health Wise Traditions Conference Become a Member/Why Join Join Our Email List Request Free Info Pack Find Food & Local Chapters Introduction to our Work 11 Dietary Principles Traditional Diet Brochure Homemade Baby Formula Members Renew/Login Order Material Donate Gift Membership Shopping Guide WAPF en Español Tried & True Dietary Principles WISE TRADITIONS Annual Conference of The Weston A. Price Foundation Recordings They're happy because they eat butter They also eat plenty of raw milk, cream, cheese, eggs, liver, meat, cod liver oil, seafood, and other nutrient-dense foods that have nourished generations of healthy people worldwide! Campaigns Real Milk Soy Alert! Nourishing Our Children Farm-to-Consumer Legal Defense Fund Healthy 4 Life Restaurant Rating Project Find Real Food Conference Sponsors Platinum Gold Want a more delicious way to eat? Get the Basics of the Wise Traditions Diet Connect with Us Facebook Flickr Instagram RSS Twitter YouTube Search for... Contact Us Get Involved Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright © 2026 Weston A. Price · X Username Password Forgot Password? Join Us Password Reset Please enter your e-mail address. You will receive a new password via e-mail. Email: