Westeros: The 'A Song of Ice and Fire' Domain Home News Features Sites The Citadel Blood of Dragons A Forum of Ice and Fire A Wiki of Ice and Fire Westeros The 'A Song of Ice and Fire' Domain Recent Entries Welcome to A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms Sneak Peek of House of the Dragon Season 3 Final A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms Trailer Final A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms Trailer Teaser HBO Announces Knight of the Seven Kingdoms and House of the Dragon Renewals, Schedule 2027 A Song of Ice and Fire Calendar Images from the Knight of the Seven Kingdoms Trailer Knight of the Seven Kingdom Trailer and Panel News Teaser for Tomorrow’ Trailer New A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms Poster Official Sites George R.R. Martin Bantam Dell Voyager Subterranean Press HBO’s Game of Thrones Making Game of Thrones Dark Sword Miniatures Shire Post Mint Valyrian Steel Cyanide Studio (AGoT: Genesis) Cyanide Studio (AGoT: The Game) Disruptor Beam Fantasy Flight Games Green Ronin Telltale Games Featured Sites La Garde de Nuit Radio Westeros Le Cronache del Ghiaccio e del Fuoco - Wiki History of Westeros Podcast Tulen ja jään laulu La Barriera Featured Story: 2027 A Song of Ice and Fire Calendar Random House has published the first details on the 2027 A Song of Ice and Fire Calendar , revealing the name of the artist involved and the cover image which will be one of the thirteen pieces in the calendar. The calendar will be illustrated by Tyler Jacobson , an award-winning artist who is very well known for his fantasy works in Magic: The Gathering and Dungeons and Dragons circles in particular—a few years ago a piece of his, a painting of Drizzt do’Uren, sold for $155,000 at auction, setting a record price (which possibly has not been exceeded still). The art features Beric Dondarrion… From Westeros: News A Forum of Ice and Fire The largest A Song of Ice and Fire forum on the web. Whether you are looking for discussions of the books or the shows ( Game of Thrones , House of the Dragon and upcoming releases such as A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms , there's a section for you a the forum. Sign up today and join in the discussion. A Wiki of Ice and Fire A wiki dedicated to A Song of Ice and Fire , edited by members of A Forum of Ice and Fire . Sign up today and start contributing. Westeros News and information about A Song of Ice and Fire . George R.R. Martin, Game of Thrones, House of the Dragon and other related topics. Welcome to A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms With a month to go until the release of A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms , HBO has released its first behind-the-scenes look at the show with sound bites from showrunner Ira Parker, as well as George R.R. Martin, Peter Claffey, and more! HBO has also released a number of new stills from the show,… read on >> The Citadel Specialized thematic resources that are more in-depth and focused than what the wiki offers. Learn about the Heraldry of the setting, read through the collection of Prophecies or browse a massive archive of fan correspondence with George R.R. Martin. Blood of Dragons Experience the world of Westeros for yourself on our on-line, text-based role-playing game, fully approved by George R.R. Martin. Web Client Working Again Thanks to the wonders of ChatGPT and Github, we have managed to finally get the web client working reliably at https://www.westeros.org/BoD/Portal . We may experiment with some other quality-of-life improvements, but for now that’s the major one. If it is not working for you, remember to do… read on >> A Forum of Ice and Fire Merry Christmas - Ice and Fire Style Ants at the End of the World — and a Curious Detail About the Targaryen Name Properties of Bloodstone Armies of Essos: actually that bad? Jorah's attraction to the Princess The Citadel RUV Iceland Interview In Conversation with John Hodgman NYCC 2025 Panel with Joe Hill Worldcon Panel: The Shifting Landscape of Epic Fantasy GRRM and Joe Abercrombie in New Mexico Blood of Dragons The Lady of Starfall The Lost Son Returns The King’s Fancy The Stallion and the Raven The Return of the Spear Westeros.org is the premiere fansite for George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire and related works, providing all the latest News as well as an extensive lore archive . You can also discuss the series on the forums , browse the fan-edited wiki and play the MUSH . New to the world of Westeros? Read our spoiler-free review of A Game of Thrones . About Contact Copyright Privacy Policy