University of Westminster, London Skip to main content University of Westminster Toggle navigation Search Search the site Submit Search Search the site Submit Top Right Utility Menu Staff Student Hub Alumni University of Westminster Top Right Utility Menu Staff Student Hub Alumni Main menu - Site Search and Homepage Study International Research Business services News Events About us It all starts here Find your course and apply before the UCAS deadline Read more about our undergraduate degrees Step into Zone29 Your door to careers and enterprise success Find out more about Zone 29 Find your course Search for a course Search Browse all: Undergraduate courses Postgraduate courses Apprenticeships Research degrees Short courses Go to Short course results We are Westminster A glimpse of what it is like to study at a global university with London energy. Find out more Go to We Are Westminster page Undergraduate We offer a broad range of undergraduate courses starting in September. Read More Go to Undergraduate page Postgraduate We provide a variety of postgraduate study options starting in September and January. Read More Go to Postgraduate page Next open days Undergraduate open day Saturday 21 March On campus Postgraduate online open event Wednesday 4 March Online See all Open days Chat with our students Ask some of our current students about their experience of life at the University of Westminster. Find out more Go to the chat to our students page News Top 10 highlights of University of Westminster in 2025 23 December 2025 University of Westminster community celebrates Christmas 22 December 2025 University of Westminster hosts British High Commissioner to Rwanda and alumna H.E. Alison Thorpe 22 December 2025 See all news Events Navigating contract research: applying, challenges and worked examples 21 Jan Westminster (Politics and International Relations) Conversations: Researching Europe’s long 1989: Analysing how the political, economic and social transformations of the 1980s and 1990s in Europe shape our present 28 Jan Materialisms Reading Group: Allan Parsons (University of the Arts, London) introducing Roland Vegso, Worldlessness After Heidegger: Phenomenology, Psychoanalysis, Deconstruction (2020) 29 Jan See all events Visit us We have four campuses across London and a range of impressive venues including our very own cinema, gallery spaces, sports facilities, and more. See all locations Receive news, updates and invitations tailored to you Sign up for YOURWESTMINSTER Contact us +44 (0)20 7911 5000 See our full A-Z of contacts Find a course Main Study International Research Business services News Events About us Careers Colleges Design, Creative and Digital Industries Liberal Arts and Sciences Westminster Business School Our Other Sites Student Hub Zone29 Term dates Semester One teaching 22 September – 12 December 2025 Semester Two teaching 19 January – 10 April 2026 View full list of key dates Contact us Switchboard: +44 (0)20 7911 5000 View full contact details Visit us University of Westminster 309 Regent Street London W1B 2HW View maps and directions Connect with us Follow us on Instagram Follow us on TikTok Subscribe to our channel on YouTube Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Weibo A–Z policies and documents Accessibility Cookies Terms of use and privacy Slavery Statement (PDF) University of Westminster is a charity and a company limited by guarantee. Reg no. 977818 England We use cookies to ensure the best experience on our website. By accepting you agree to cookies being stored on your device. Accept all Edit preferences Hide preferences We use cookies to ensure the best experience on our website. Some of these cookies are essential to the running of the site, while others help us to improve your experience. See our cookies privacy policy Functional Functional cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. Always on Always on Analytics Analytics cookies help us improve our website based on user needs by collecting information, which does not directly identify anyone. On Off Marketing Marketing cookies send information on your visit to third parties so that they can make their advertising more relevant to you when you visit other websites. On Off Accept all Save selected