Video Creation | Interactive Video | WeVideo Skip to main content WeVideo sign in PlayPosit sign in Homepage WeVideo Platform Video learning tools Video creation Our cloud-based software lets you edit like the pros. Interactive video Test knowledge, start discussions, and increase retention. AI Learn about AI Assist, our time-saving suite of AI tools. White-label API Spin up new features for your product by white-labeling. Video hosting Create a library of video content and resources for anyone to use. Content Start fast with stock media, instructional videos, and projects. Industries K-12 Software can enhance both instruction and student retention. Higher ed Build courses that students and faculty want to engage with. Business Create social content, trainings, and more for employees. Creators Make videos like the pros to share your unique POV. Featured Discover the Total Economic Impact™of WeVideo and PlayPosit Discover how WeVideo and PlayPosit improve student engagement, increase educator efficiency, and demonstrate a strong return on investment. Download Use cases K-12 Student engagement Use video to boost student engagement and cultivate EQ. Professional development Develop faculty continuing education and training courses. Project-based learning Teach students new skills through video creation projects. Flipped classrooms Provide instruction ahead of time to maximize class time. School communications Create school announcements and videos that make the grade. Higher ed Instructional design Build dynamic, interactive courses for async instruction. Student engagement Use video to boost student engagement and cultivate EQ. Professional development Develop faculty continuing education and training courses. Student life communications Provide instruction ahead of time to maximize class time. Career coaching Learn how our tools elevate the career coaching process. Business Onboarding & training Use interactive features to onboard and train employees. White-label API Spin up new features for your product by white-labeling. Marketing videos Create videos the capture your brand and attract customers. Employee development Lay the crucial foundation for employees' continued success. Sales enablement Empower your sales team with interactive materials. Creators Video ads Make video ads that move people with easy-to-use tools. Promotional videos Convert viewers into customers with compelling content. Social media Stop the scroll with videos that have style and substance. Video slideshows Drive your audience to act with powerful presentations. Presentations Make and record presentations with the panache of the pros. Learn Ambassadors Join a community of innovative educators. Blog Learn all about how to create compelling interactive videos. Case studies See how WeVideo has meaningfully impacted real customers. Certification courses Earn professional development hours (district permitting). WeVideo Academy Pick up new skills and start creating professional videos. Creative challenges Learn how our tools elevate the career coaching process. Assignment Ideas Library Find standards-aligned assignments to use in the classroom. Events Register for upcoming webinars and in-person events. Help center Find help and get product support with WeVideo's tools. eBooks Dive into detailed video learning and use case guides. Resource Center This library is chock full of video tips, tricks, and ideas! Learn more Pricing Partner Try for free Book a demo Dashboard Log out Activate learning with video Create, engage, and collaborate in a medium that learners crave — and turn passive viewers into active participants. Try for free Book a demo Unlock the power of interactive video learning Create & collaborate Engage & share Assess & analyze Organize & manage Create & collaborate Make videos, GIFs, podcasts, and more with a full suite of easy-to-use editing tools. Share projects with others and collaborate in real-time for maximum efficiency. Engage & share Layer interactive elements (like multiple choice questions, fill-in-the-blank, polls, discussions, and more) onto any video to fuel engagement, understanding, and retention. Assess & analyze Measure and assess performance-based data with powerful analytics that make it easy to iterate and scale learning outcomes. Organize & manage Create, store, manage, share, and host your video content all in one place. Plus, ready-made video projects and customizable Admin features make smoother workflows the standard for everyone. How WeVideo works Deliver engaging instruction — and prove it Try for free Book a demo Built for everyone, from educators to trainers to content creators K-12 Education Boost student engagement, measure success, and develop crucial 21st Century Skills. Explore WeVideo for Schools Higher Education Create scalable modules and courses that meet the needs of diverse learners. Explore WeVideo for Higher Ed Corporate Training Deliver thoughtful and interactive employee content that guarantees retention and ROI. Explore WeVideo for Training Content Creators Turn your ideas into powerful video content that captivates and entertains, no matter the audience. Explore WeVideo for Creators Integrates with Trusted across the country and around the world WeVideo's products are used by two-thirds of the Top 100 U.S. school districts and hundreds of schools & universities around the world. Learn how interactive video makes an impact. Hear from our customers Tag-team success and transform learning together WeVideo’s partner program encourages collaboration with innovative organizations in the edtech space. Whether you wish to integrate WeVideo’s tools into your product or resell our solutions, discover the ways we can streamline learning solutions and scale success together. Explore partner opportunities Featured resources Uncover the Impact of Video Learning: A Forrester TEI Get resource A Guide to Interactive Video Get resource Film School for K-12 Educators Get resource How to Create Snackable Learning Get resource Noncredit Workforce Training for Learners Get resource Previous Slide Next Slide Transform learning with video Try for free Book a demo Video learning tools Video editor Interactive video Screen recorder Self-paced learning Green screen Audience response system Video templates Peer review Real-time collaboration Learner-made content AI Course creation White-label API Video hosting Content Industries K-12 Higher ed Business Creators Devices iOS Android Chromebook Windows Company About us Leadership Case studies Careers Events News Affiliates Press kit Newsletter Support Help center Contact us WeVideo System Status PlayPosit System Status Compare WeVideo vs. Screencastify WeVideo vs. Edpuzzle WeVideo vs. Nearpod WeVideo vs. Google Vids WeVideo vs. Adobe Express WeVideo vs. Canva WeVideo vs. Clipchamp Learn Resource center WeVideo Academy Assignment Ideas Library Professional development Certification courses Creative challenges Events Blog © 2025 WeVideo, Inc. Accessibility Privacy Policy Security Terms of Use Facebook Instagram X YouTube LinkedIn