Skip to main content
ATMs/Locations
Help
Español
  
Sign On
selected,
Personal
Checking
Savings & CDs
Credit Cards
Home Loans
Personal Loans
Auto Loans
Premier
Education & Tools
Investing & Wealth Management
Business
Commercial Banking
Corporate & Investment Banking
About Wells Fargo
Wells Fargo
Good afternoon
Sign on to manage your accounts.
Username
Password
Show
 Save username
Notice - For your security, we do not recommend using this feature on a shared device.
 Enroll
Forgot username or password?
Security Center
Privacy, Cookies, and Legal
$325 checking bonus on us

New customers open an eligible checking account with qualifying direct deposits

Get started >>
Earn 60,000 bonus points

when you spend $4,000 in purchases in the first 3 months. Terms apply.

Learn more

New customer? Say hello to a $125 bonus

Open a Clear Access Banking account, great for students & more, complete offer requirements

See offer details

Start saving

Open an FDIC-insured savings account online in minutes

Open online

Interest rates today

Check rates

A home of your own

With low down payment options on a fixed-rate mortgage

Get started
‍
Financial guidance and support
Your dreams, your plan
Start crafting the foundation for the future you see yourself in

Get started

Borrowing built around you
Discover borrowing designed for every step of your journey

Explore borrowing

Step into your future
Track goals and get insights for your financial future with LifeSync®

Discover how

Need help? Ask Fargo®

Fargo1 gives you valuable insights like a summary of your spending by category, retailer and across accounts. Find it only in the Wells Fargo Mobile® app.

*Screen image is simulated
‍
Serving our customers and communities

It doesn't happen with one transaction, in one day on the job, or in one quarter. It's earned relationship by relationship.

Who we are
Wells Fargo helps strengthen communities through inclusion, economic empowerment, and sustainability.

About Wells Fargo

Why we're committed to communities
We don't just serve our communities—we are our communities. We're committed to helping customers and neighborhoods across the country thrive.

Wells Fargo Stories

How can we help?
‍
Find a location
‍
Make an appointment
‍
Quick help
‍
Privacy, Cookies, Security & Legal
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Notice of Data Collection
General Terms of Use
Online Access Agreement
Report Fraud
About Wells Fargo
Careers
Inclusion and Accessibility
Sitemap

Investment and Insurance Products are:

Not Insured by the FDIC or Any Federal Government Agency
Not a Deposit or Other Obligation of, or Guaranteed by, the Bank or Any Bank Affiliate
Subject to Investment Risks, Including Possible Loss of the Principal Amount Invested

Investment products and services are offered through Wells Fargo Advisors. Wells Fargo Advisors is a trade name used by Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC (WFCS) and Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network, LLC, Members SIPC, separate registered broker-dealers and non-bank affiliates of Wells Fargo & Company.

1. Availability may be affected by your mobile carrier’s coverage area. Your mobile carrier’s message and data rates may apply. Fargo is only available on the smartphone versions of the Wells Fargo Mobile® app.

Android, Google Play, Chrome, Pixel and other marks are trademarks of Google LLC.

Apple, the Apple logo, Apple Pay, Apple Watch, Face ID, iCloud Keychain, iPad, iPad Pro, iPhone, iTunes, Mac, Safari, and Touch ID are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Apple Wallet is a trademark of Apple Inc. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.

Deposit products offered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Member FDIC.

‍ Equal Housing Lender

PM-09282026-7798034.1.1

LRC-0325

© 1999 - 2025 Wells Fargo. NMLSR ID 399801