Home - WFMZ | Your Life, Your World, Your NEWS Skip to main content 29° Allentown, PA (18103) Today Mostly cloudy and cold with a brisk breeze. . Tonight Mostly cloudy and cold with a brisk breeze. Updated: December 30, 2025 @ 5:01 pm Full Forecast Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Email iOS App Android App Watch Now Sections Watch Live Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Site search Search ■ News Alerts & Free Apps Lehigh Valley ▶ Lehigh County ▶ Allentown Area Bethlehem Area Northern Lehigh County Southern Lehigh County Western Lehigh County Northampton County ▶ Bethlehem Area Easton Area Nazareth Area Slate Belt Area Berks ▶ Reading Area Northern Berks County Southern Berks County Eastern Berks County Western Berks County Regional ▶ Poconos and Coal Region ▶ Carbon County Monroe County Schuylkill County Southeastern PA ▶ Upper Bucks County Central Bucks County Upper Montgomery County Northern Chester County Western New Jersey ▶ Hunterdon County Warren County Pennsylvania Inside Local Government Spotlight PA Obituaries Schools US and World Send Us A News Tip 69 News at Sunrise Espanol ▶ Noticias Deportes Entretenimiento Comunidad Su Tierra Tiempo Good News Recalls / Missing Persons Weather Forecast Hour by Hour Local Radar Radar - Current Radar - Lightning School and Business Closings 69News Weather Channel Pocono Cameras Stream and River Levels Send your weather report Traffic Live Streaming Cameras Cameras and Alerts Lehigh Valley Traffic Berks Traffic I-78 Corridor US-22 Corridor Pump Prices Weekly Roadwork Sports / Health Local Scoreboard NHL Hockey NFL Football College Sports The Big Ticket Health Beat and Life Lessons St. Luke's - Talk with your Doctor Entertainment Things to Do Music Monday Freddy Awards Games Program Schedule Features Sunrise Trivia - Vote now! Question of the Day - Vote Now! Eat, Sip, Shop Food and Recipes Mr. Food Things to Do What the Tech? Life Lessons & Health Beat History's Headlines Think Tank Freddy Awards Talk With Your Doctor Special Programs Where The Heck Is...? 2025 Philadelphia Mummers Parade Community Community Calendar Community Connection Adopt Lehigh Valley Kids Share Your Photo or Video Share Your Birthday Photos Furry Friends Employment Business Business News Local Stocks Business Matters Community Connection Games Sunrise Trivia - Vote now! Hot Games Daily Games Card Games Logic Puzzles More Puzzles Arcade Racing Games Sports Match Games Other Obits About How to Watch Us Support for WFMZ+ & Zeam Contact Us Send Us A News Tip Mobile and Free Apps Meet The Team Employment Program Schedules ▶ WFMZ-TV 69.1 Schedule WFMZ-TV 69.3 - MeTV Schedule WDPN-TV 2.4 - H&I Schedule WDPN-TV 2.5 - Retro TV Newsletters Internships About WFMZ-TV WFMZ-TV 40th Anniversary FCC Public Inspection File REGIONAL LIVE CAMERAS: Allentown: Dorney Park | OtterCam | Birdfeeder Bethlehem: Hotel Bethlehem | Main Street Reading: Penn Street Easton: Downtown Poconos: Jim Thorpe | Stroudsburg Chester County officials urge residents to be cautious after person injured by coyote Residents are advised to stay away from any wild animals and remain aware of their pets. Gas prices slipping, but it's not all good news for Pennsylvania drivers There's good news and there's bad news if a gas station fill-up is in your near future. Brisk New Year's Eve with a PM snow shower; Mainly dry and cold start to 2026 Winds will finally relax tonight but the unseasonably cold air will remain in place. +2 Giant fulfillment centers in Chester, Lehigh counties 2 of 5 to close New program allows college students to finish earning degree by completing Pa State Police Training Academy Former Kalahari Resorts employee accused of soliciting sex with teen +5 'Very excited to join the community': Lehigh Valley’s newest Popeyes eatery nearing completion 'Come on out and have a great time': What families can expect, as Hackettstown set to host M&M's Ball Drop +4 Patriots star receiver Stefon Diggs faces strangulation charge, denies allegations WFMZ to continue airing Mummers parade through at least 2028. Here are details of the 2026 parade LIST: New Year's Eve celebrations around the region What the Tech? Google Gemini is one of the best AI apps for iPhone users in 2025 Allentown gears up for annual giant hockey puck drop on New Year's Eve Funding to go towards traffic signal upgrades in Lehigh Valley, Berks Thousands still waiting for power to be restored after high winds sweep through area More Local Government Articles > > > Inside Local Government Wyomissing passes budget with 17.7% tax increase Penn Forest community discusses potential data center Budget battle: Allentown City Council to vote on override of mayor's veto Allentown City Council to consider overriding mayor’s veto Tuesday with new tax and fee compromise The Region's Restaurant and Retail Rundown +5 'Very excited to join the community': Lehigh Valley’s newest Popeyes eatery nearing completion +7 Popular restaurant chain opening 1st Lehigh Valley location at former Ruby Tuesday spot +2 ‘Stronger roots in this community’: Visions Federal Credit Union opens new Allentown branch +3 Lehigh Valley breakfast and lunch eatery to close as owner begins next chapter at new restaurant More from EAT, SIP, SHOP > > > Top Sports +4 Patriots star receiver Stefon Diggs faces strangulation charge, denies allegations Parkland girls' basketball earns their way to tournament championship after defeating Liberty Wilson girls' basketball defeats Abington Heights in tournament play Susquehanna Township girls' basketball defeats Reading in their holiday tournament Nick Singleton has declared for the NFL draft after four seasons at Penn State +2 Buccaneers are focused on playing the Panthers, knowing they'll need help to win the NFC South More Sports > > > Right Now 29° Cloudy Humidity: 44% Cloud Coverage: 73% Wind: 18 mph UV Index: 0 Low Sunrise: 07:25:05 AM Sunset: 04:44:15 PM Today Mostly cloudy and cold with a brisk breeze. Tonight Mostly cloudy and cold with a brisk breeze. Tomorrow Clouds and some sun; still brisk and chilly. There might be a flurry. More Lehigh Valley News > > > Lehigh Valley News Budget battle: Allentown City Council to vote on override of mayor's veto Amelia Sack Gusty winds cause power outages in the area Jessica Heisey Northampton Co. awards grants to support affordable housing Danielle Gehman NYE preps: Organizers gearing up for Lehigh Valley events Rick Holmes More Berks News > > > Berks Area News Reading Royals to play at Santander on New Year's Eve 69 News Trees for fish: Blue Marsh Lake seeks volunteers, Christmas trees for aquatic habitat 69 News Human remains investigation continues in Cumru Township José Martínez Berks DA asks for public's help solving homicide in Reading Paloma Freundt More U.S. and World News > > > U.S. and World Headlines +3 AP Tatiana Schlossberg, a grandchild of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died at 35 Updated 16 mins ago +8 AP Extreme Midwest cold follows storm that barreled across Great Lakes and Northeast Updated 29 mins ago AP Oysters, crab and $400,000 worth of lobster meat stolen in New England Updated 29 mins ago AP Open-water swimmer identified as victim of fatal shark attack in Northern California Updated 2 hrs ago Featured LIST: New Year's Eve celebrations around the region 69 News SPOTLIGHT +3 Unleash the hounds! And terriers and lapdogs. The American Kennel Club adds 3 breeds Unleash the hounds! And terriers and lapdogs. The American Kennel Club adds 3 breeds The year's first meteor shower and supermoon clash in January skies The year's first meteor shower and supermoon clash in January skies 7 things you may not know about dividends 7 things you may not know about dividends +5 Brigitte Bardot's funeral will be held next week in French Riviera resort of Saint-Tropez Brigitte Bardot's funeral will be held next week in French Riviera resort of Saint-Tropez Officials suspect bird flu after 12 swans die at Orlando's Lake Eola Officials suspect bird flu after 12 swans die at Orlando's Lake Eola Today in History Today in History: December 30, Saddam Hussein executed Today in History: December 30, Saddam Hussein executed Today is Tuesday, Dec. 30, the 364th day of 2025. There is one day left in the year. Games Trending Headlines.... Investigation continues into human remains found near golf path in Flying Hills Human remains investigation continues in Cumru Township Berks DA asks for public's help solving homicide in Reading Investigators weighing whether fatal Reading shooting was self-defense Wyomissing passes budget with 17.7% tax increase Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Email More from the Newsroom Thousands still waiting for power to be restored after high winds sweep through area 'Very excited to join the community': Lehigh Valley’s newest Popeyes eatery nearing completion Person in custody after man stabbed in Lansdale Giant fulfillment centers in Chester, Lehigh counties 2 of 5 to close Former Kalahari Resorts employee accused of soliciting sex with teen 'Come on out and have a great time': What families can expect, as Hackettstown set to host M&M's Ball Drop Positivity overload: Too much or a good thing? Blusteringly cold Tuesday afternoon, winds to die down a bit tonight Penn State board deliberated its business in public more often this year, Spotlight PA analysis shows Reading Royals to play at Santander on New Year's Eve More from the Newsroom » Recommended for you More Games Please email your submissions to thinktank@wfmz.com. Follow this section Think Tank The Think Tank is dedicated exclusively to thoughtful, civil discourse about the issues of our day. It is a forum for the genuine exchange of ideas. We encourage you to contribute or simply to read on for your own edification.

Submissions from local residents are evaluated and chosen by the editorial staff of 69 News.  Entries should be between 500 and 1000 words, and responses to editorials should be of similar length. Personal attacks will not be posted.  A photograph of the author is requested for use on the site. Skill Games can coexist with other forms of entertainment in Pennsylvania 2 min to read Facebook Twitter WhatsApp LinkedIn SMS Email By State Rep. Manuel Guzman, who represents the 127th Legislative District in the PA House of Representatives Read more Skill Games can coexist with other forms of entertainment in Pennsylvania Trump’s ‘Big Beautiful Bill’ Is a Big Ugly Attack on Reading 1 min to read Facebook Twitter WhatsApp LinkedIn SMS Email By State Rep. Manuel Guzman, D-Berks Read more Trump’s ‘Big Beautiful Bill’ Is a Big Ugly Attack on Reading Rethinking Education 1 min to read Facebook Twitter WhatsApp LinkedIn SMS Email by Pennsylvania State Senator Tracy Pennycuick (R - 24th District) Read more Rethinking Education SEPTA is not just a Philly issue — All of Pennsylvania has a stake in mass transit 2 min to read Facebook Twitter WhatsApp LinkedIn SMS Email by Laura Manion, President & CEO of Chester County Chamber of Business & Industry and Mike Grigalonis, President & COO of Chester County Economic Development Council Read more SEPTA is not just a Philly issue — All of Pennsylvania has a stake in mass transit View more Sections Home News Traffic Sports / Health Entertainment Features Community Business Games About Us Site search Search Services Calendar Mobile and Free Apps WFMZ+ Streaming Email Alerts Text Alerts Search Weather Stormcenter - Worship Application Stormcenter - School / Business Application Employment Internships FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Problems Phone Line: 610.841.4982 Lehigh Valley Newsroom Hotline: 610.791.1111 Berks Newsroom Hotline: 610.372.6969 Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Email iOS App Android App OTT WFMZ.com 300 East Rock Road Allentown, PA 18103 Phone: LV: 610.797.4530   ||  Berks: 610.372.6969 Email: news @ WFMZ . com × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks. We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox WFMZ-TV 69 News provides news, weather, traffic, sports and family programming for the Lehigh Valley, Berks County, Southeastern Pa., Poconos and Western NJ including Allentown, Bethlehem, Easton, Reading, Kutztown, Emmaus, Quakertown, Stroudsburg, Philadelphia, Jim Thorpe, Doylestown, Phillipsburg, Flemington, Wilmington, and Newark. This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area. Advertising: Ad Choices | Do Not Sell My Info (cookies): Choices © 2025, Maranatha Broadcasting Company, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Manage Preferences Your Life, your World, your NEWS Do Not Sell My Personal 
Information Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics All Breaking News Subscribe Lehigh Valley Breaking News Subscribe Berks Breaking News Subscribe Breaking News - National Subscribe Sports Subscribe Eat, Sip, Shop Subscribe What The Tech Subscribe WFMZ TRAFFIC UPDATE Subscribe