Top of page
Skip to main content
 MENU  SEARCH
Main Content
Welcome to Wake Forest

 

Majors & Minors »
Schedule a Visit »
Apply Now »
Wake Up to what’s possible.

Through interdisciplinary collaboration and community engagement, Wake Forest students and faculty generate meaningful impact that reaches far beyond our campus. Our commitment to academic excellence establishes Wake Forest as a global leader in developing solutions that benefit society.

See the impact »
News
NEWS
Wake Forest celebrates transformational gift from alumnus Bob McCreary

Wake Forest announced a transformational $20 million gift from longtime benefactor and football alumnus Bob McCreary (’61) to establish 10 new current-use football scholarships and advance key football excellence initiatives. In conjunction, Wake Forest is launching the McCreary Triple Double Challenge, a $100 million philanthropic initiative focused on generating $50 million for scholarships and $50 million for sport excellence funds across all programs. McCreary’s gift brings the initiative’s total to $65 million.

NEWS
Smith earns Community Impact Award

Senior Reagan Smith, who graduates this month with a degree in molecular biology and Spanish, has earned the 2025 Community Impact Student Award from North Carolina Campus Engagement. Smith was nominated for her leadership in high-impact public health initiatives in Winston-Salem as well as Wake Forest’s AmeriCorps program.

WAKE FOREST MAGAZINE
Global perspective

A summer study abroad program became a pivotal experience for Avery Hale Smith (’16), a turning point she credits with giving her the confidence to embrace uncertainty and lead with a global perspective.

WAKE FOREST NEWS »
WAKE FOREST MAGAZINE »
PHOTOS AND VIDEO »
Our motto means more.

Pro Humanitate (for humanity) invites us to use our ideas, knowledge, talents and compassion on behalf of all humanity. 

Learn more about our motto
Why Wake Forest?
Affordability

Wake Forest is committed to meeting 100% of demonstrated financial need through grants, scholarships, work-study, and subsidized loans.

Our Hometown

Within driving distance of both the Blue Ridge Mountains and Atlantic Coast, Winston-Salem offers the amenities of a larger city with the vibrant culture of an engaged community.

Facts & Figures

Get to know Wake Forest better by browsing a collection of quick facts, figures and rankings.

By the Numbers