Portland News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News Celebrate New Year's Eve in Auburn with live music, craft brews, and local food delights Attendees enjoyed live music, Maine craft beer and beverages  along with delightful fare from local food trucks. Maine introduces new taxes on streaming services, tobacco, and cannabis New Maine laws, policies, and a handful of tax increases will take effect starting on Jan. 1. Children's Museum & Theatre of Maine hosts indoor beach party to ring in New Year The theater was transformed into "Sea Star Square," designed to evoke a smaller version of Times Square. High demand causes fuel delivery delays in Maine; Mainers express frustration The high demand has led to a backlog of delivery delays at multiple companies. Local Videos Marijuana in Maine Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Beyond The Podium Connect to Congress Armstrong Army Strong Amazing America Inside Your World SOAR Question of the Day Spotlight on America Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Did You Know? Fighting Addiction Together Crisis in the classroom Transparency Tracker ARC Maine Waste Watch Raising ME Weather Current Weather Portland Snow Late 26 F 28 / 22 Today 28 / 22 Thursday 28 / 6 Friday 22 / 11 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Closings & Delays Maps Hurricane Tracker Weather 101 Forecasting Growth Weather on the Water On Your Side On Your Side You asked, we investigated: Top 5 questions the I-Team answered in 2025 The CBS13 I-Team tipline is filled with your questions. Ask the I-Team: Did Maine stop using reflective paint on its roads? Some drivers say road lines meant to guide through darkness and bad weather are becoming harder to see on Maine roads. Price check: New report reveals big price gaps between Instacart and in-store shopping Researchers found that nearly three in four (74%) items carried more than one price. State officials warn against scam targeting Maine corporations, nonprofits A scam is targeting Maine corporations and nonprofits. I-Team Send The I-Team Your Tip Features Features 'Nothing short of brutal': West Virginia man pleads guilty in death of 3-month-old baby A West Virginia man is facing prison time for the shocking death of a 3-month-old child, according to authorities. Timeline: Breaking down key events in Minnesota's fraud scandal Authorities say fraudsters have claimed billions of federal dollars in Minnesota, taking money meant to care for children and other vulnerable citizens. 3 more 'narco-terrorists' killed in boat strike, possibly leaving survivors: US military The U.S. military on Wednesday announced it launched attacks on three more boats that were allegedly smuggling drugs. Trump administration cuts funding to childcare services in MN amid fraud claims The Trump administration is ending 2025 in a similar way to how it started the year, making major cuts to funding. Inside Maine's Best: Employers Inside Maine's Best: Summer Inside Maine’s Best: Holiday Gifts Inside Maine’s Best: Health & Wellness Inside Maine's Best: Home and Garden Inside Maine’s Best: Automotive Good Day Maine Ask The Expert Financial Matters Work with ME Partner Spotlight Make-A-Wish Maine Back To School Joy of Sharing Pump Patrol Drive Safe Maine Sinclair Cares Thank-A-Vet Fur-Ever Friend For Pet's Sake Made by Trade Pet Food Drive Real Estate Report Mainers Making a Difference Healthier ME Maine Makers The Homeowner's Checklist Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 26 ° Thu 28 ° Fri 22 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local Videos Marijuana in Maine Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Beyond The Podium Connect to Congress Armstrong Army Strong Amazing America Inside Your World SOAR Question of the Day Spotlight on America Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Did You Know? Fighting Addiction Together Crisis in the classroom Transparency Tracker ARC Maine Waste Watch Raising ME Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar Closings & Delays Maps Hurricane Tracker Weather 101 Forecasting Growth Weather on the Water On Your Side Down Arrow On Your Side Home I-Team Send The I-Team Your Tip Features Down Arrow Features Home Inside Maine's Best: Employers Inside Maine's Best: Summer Inside Maine’s Best: Holiday Gifts Inside Maine’s Best: Health & Wellness Inside Maine's Best: Home and Garden Inside Maine’s Best: Automotive Good Day Maine Ask The Expert Financial Matters Work with ME Partner Spotlight Make-A-Wish Maine Back To School Joy of Sharing Pump Patrol Drive Safe Maine Sinclair Cares Thank-A-Vet Fur-Ever Friend For Pet's Sake Made by Trade Pet Food Drive Real Estate Report Mainers Making a Difference Healthier ME Maine Makers The Homeowner's Checklist Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Local Friday Night Rivals TICKETS City Guide Chime In Obituaries Station Down Arrow Station Home Contact People Careers Contests Schedule Community Partnerships Newsletter Sign Up Mobile Apps Newsletter Sign Up Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Closings & Delays Check the list for closings, delays, and parking bans. CLOSINGS & DELAYS REPORT A CLOSING FORECAST Close High demand causes fuel delivery delays in Maine; Mainers express frustration The high demand has led to a backlog of delivery delays at multiple companies. Maine introduces new taxes on streaming services, tobacco, and cannabis New Maine laws, policies, and a handful of tax increases will take effect starting on Jan. 1. Maine electric bills set to rise on Jan. 1 as PUC sets new Standard Offer rate The Maine Public Utilities Commission (PUC) announced it had accepted a new Standard Offer price for electricity. Maine's minimum wage increase takes effect Jan. 1 The state's minimum wage is currently $14.65 an hour. Woman slain in Corinth was free spirit, silly and 'loved hard,' family and friends say Abigail Thomas was shot and killed Saturday. Her son, 22-year-old Daniel Derosier, is charged with intentional or knowing murder. Bull Moose to close North Windham store after over 30 years The local entertainment chain says they will close the North Windham location at the end of January. 2 injured in Durham head-on crash involving car and oil truck According to Durham Fire and Rescue, a car and an oil truck collided on Tuesday. Maine to ban thousands of products containing toxic 'forever chemicals' on January 1 Many of the new products being banned in Maine are items you may already have in your home. Snow expected for New Year's Eve and Day; Cold wind chills to persist at week's end The day will start off brighter before clouds filter in during the afternoon hours. Questions remain in Gateway Community Services alleged fraud investigation Gateway Community Services lost its state funding after audits determined it overbilled MaineCare. Local News Celebrate New Year's Eve in Auburn with live music, craft brews, and local food delights Attendees enjoyed live music, Maine craft beer and beverages  along with delightful fare from local food trucks. Children's Museum & Theatre of Maine hosts indoor beach party to ring in New Year The theater was transformed into "Sea Star Square," designed to evoke a smaller version of Times Square. A look back on Maine's most impactful New Year's winter storms As the calendar turns to a new year, let’s look back on New Years Eve and Day events that left memorable impacts on Maine. Understanding lake effect snow: How warm waters and cold winds can create heavy snowfall Lake effect snow is a term many of us have heard before. Bath rings in New Year early with Paul Revere Bell tradition The Paul Revere Bell, rung only once a year on New Year's Eve, tolled 12 times to usher in the New Year. MSAD 6 to honor 5-year-old killed by school bus with moment of silence MSAD 6 will hold a moment of silence for 5-year-old Simon Gonzalez during a Board of Directors meeting on Tuesday. USPS changes postmark system A postmark currently shows the date mail is dropped off or submitted at a post office. See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending 2 injured in Durham head-on crash involving car and oil truck According to Durham Fire and Rescue, a car and an oil truck collided on Tuesday. Snow expected for New Year's Eve and Day; Cold wind chills to persist at week's end The day will start off brighter before clouds filter in during the afternoon hours. Maine's minimum wage increase takes effect Jan. 1 The state's minimum wage is currently $14.65 an hour. Maine to ban thousands of products containing toxic 'forever chemicals' on January 1 Many of the new products being banned in Maine are items you may already have in your home. Questions remain in Gateway Community Services alleged fraud investigation Gateway Community Services lost its state funding after audits determined it overbilled MaineCare. Nation & World Timeline: Breaking down key events in Minnesota's fraud scandal Authorities say fraudsters have claimed billions of federal dollars in Minnesota, taking money meant to care for children and other vulnerable citizens. 3 more 'narco-terrorists' killed in boat strike, possibly leaving survivors: US military The U.S. military on Wednesday announced it launched attacks on three more boats that were allegedly smuggling drugs. Trump administration cuts funding to childcare services in MN amid fraud claims The Trump administration is ending 2025 in a similar way to how it started the year, making major cuts to funding. Will legitimate Minnesota childcare centers be hurt by fraud-fighting funding freeze? Health and Human Services Deputy Secretary Jim O'Neill announced his agency has frozen all childcare payments to Minnesota to root out fraud in the state. 'Nothing short of brutal': West Virginia man pleads guilty in death of 3-month-old baby A West Virginia man is facing prison time for the shocking death of a 3-month-old child, according to authorities. Dad who threw 8-month-old at wall because he was losing at NBA video game learns sentence A father accused of throwing his 8-month-old son against a wall because he was losing at an NBA video game was sentenced to 12 years in prison. New laws coming Jan. 1: Higher minimum wage, gambling taxes and social media time limit Across the country, the new year means new laws. Starting Thursday. See More Right arrow Sports New England Patriots defensive tackle Christian Barmore faces domestic assault charge New England Patriots defensive tackle Christian Barmore is facing a domestic assault and battery charge. From Friday night lights to the NBA spotlight: Maine sports thrived in 2025 Cooper Flagg of Newport, Maine, had a standout 2025. Maine Mariners return to ice after new ECHL contract ratified This follows the cancellation of three games last weekend. See More Right arrow Entertainment Jennifer Lopez responds after commenters say she’s 'always naked' Jennifer Lopez clapped back at haters saying she doesn't "dress her age" while kicking off her Las Vegas residency. The six best New Year’s episodes of TV to ring in 2026! It's time to ring in the new year with some classic sitcom episodes that celebrate the changing of the calendar. Chevy Chase called "rudest ever" by director after shocking interview encounter Marina Zenovich, the director behind "I’m Chevy Chase, and You’re Not" speaks out on her personal negative experience with one of Hollywood's great enigmas. The most annoying songs of 2025 have been revealed! The most annoying songs of the year have been named via research from StudyFinds.org.The ticket search engine SeatPick revealed data from a study of viral songs See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Understanding disorderly conduct under Maine law Understand disorderly conduct in Maine. SPONSORED Holiday tech deals aim to keep families connected and save money Verizon’s holiday deals bring stressfree savings, streaming perks, and smart tech gifts to keep families connected. SPONSORED Not sure where to turn? Help is just one call away When someone is overwhelmed, in crisis, or unsure where to look for a path toward change, knowing the right number to call can make an important difference. SPONSORED Safety, support, and strength: Inside the work of domestic violence advocates Domestic violence advocates across Maine support thousands of survivors and community members each year. But what is domestic violence advocacy? And what can so SPONSORED MEMIC’s Walk Safe campaign saves lives: Maine women share their story One fall changed everything for Kim Block, a former Maine news anchor who is now partnering with MEMIC to help you avoid the same fate. SPONSORED How’s your internet? For Maine, fiber is the clear choice Fidium delivers speeds up to two gigs over a 100 percent fiber network, enabling seamless streaming, stable remote meetings, and access to online opportunities SPONSORED Round up at your local Maine McDonald’s and take home a limited-edition sticker Round up on your next McDonald's order to help children and families in Maine. SPONSORED New peer center in Brunswick offers free mental health support Sweetser has opened its SupportME Peer Center in Brunswick, offering a free, no-judgment community resource for Mainers who are struggling with mental health. SPONSORED Winter weather safety: Who's liable for slip-and-falls on snow and ice in Maine? Snow and ice aren’t just part of a Maine winter, they can also bring serious legal risks. SPONSORED Recover with Brunswick’s newest substance use treatment program Sweetser, a leading behavioral health organization in Maine, has launched a new Substance Use Intensive Outpatient Program (IOP) in Brunswick. SPONSORED Friends, family members can intervene in domestic violence Friends, family members can intervene in domestic violence SPONSORED Former Portland Pirate brings two decades of coaching experience Former Portland Pirate brings two decades of coaching experience Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page ARC Maine Get ready for the Lobster Pot: Maine's new winter tradition hits the ice The tournament kicks off on Friday, Jan. 2, with the No. 7 Nor'easters facing Colby at 3:30 p.m., followed by No. 13 Bowdoin taking on USM at 7 p.m. Children's Museum & Theatre of Maine kicks off 2026 with indoor beach bash Attendees can meet real sea creatures like sea stars and anemones. New Year's Auburn set to ring in 2026 with annual celebration In this segment, Jennifer Boenig and Toby McAllister are sharing details about this year's festivities. See More Right arrow I-Team You asked, we investigated: Top 5 questions the I-Team answered in 2025 The CBS13 I-Team tipline is filled with your questions. Ask the I-Team: Did Maine stop using reflective paint on its roads? Some drivers say road lines meant to guide through darkness and bad weather are becoming harder to see on Maine roads. Price check: New report reveals big price gaps between Instacart and in-store shopping Researchers found that nearly three in four (74%) items carried more than one price. State officials warn against scam targeting Maine corporations, nonprofits A scam is targeting Maine corporations and nonprofits. See More Right arrow Crisis in the Classroom Maine school dealing with cockroach infestation, reports of bed bugs Ryan Wilkins, the school’s principal, sent a letter to families in October, alerting them to cockroaches in the building. Portland School Board launches equity investigation amid concerns The Portland School Board has approved an equity investigation with external assistance following concerns. RSU 73 paying attorneys $275 an hour to fight Maine Human Rights Commission lawsuit The hourly rate was detailed in a fee agreement letter from Smith Trial Lawyers. See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports Health Matters Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2026 Sinclair, Inc.