WGPlayer.com WGPLAYER Game launcher Video player Display ads Recommender & Stories Image optimization Contact THE ULTIMATE PLATFORM TO BOOST YOUR AD REVENUE Elevate your site's potential with our cutting-edge technology solutions designed to maximize ad revenue and performance. Embrace the Power of Our Platform Today! WGPlayer GAME LAUNCHER Unlock your gaming earning potential across all devices and platforms - Desktop, Android, and iOS smartphones and tablets. Our platform allows publishers and game developers to monetize with Preroll, Midroll, and REWARDED ads seamlessly. Get started quickly and receive reliable 24/7 technical support. Don't let your gaming content go unrewarded! Supercharge your gaming monetization - join today! WGPlayer for VIDEO Tailor-made for all types of video content, devices, and platforms - Desktop, Android, and iOS smartphones and tablets. Our solution supports Preroll, Midroll, Postroll, any ad server, and all video ad standards: VAST 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, VPAID 1.0, 2.0, and VMAP 1.0. Elevate your video revenue with WGPlayer for VIDEO today! WGPlayer for DISPLAY Maximize your content's monetization potential with Automated Display Ads on any device and platform - Desktop, Android, and IOS smartphones and tablets. Our platform intelligently selects the best performing ad format and type, from standard to video and native ads, to optimize your revenue. An easy-to-use solution for any site. Start generating more revenue with WGPlayer for DISPLAY now! Recommender & Stories Information filtering system that seeks to predict the preference of a user Explore, share and one immediate recommendation to increase your user retention and engagement Boost your user engagement - get started today! Scylla Experience the power of our on-the-fly image optimization and delivery platform. Scylla significantly reduces image file sizes without compromising quality, ensuring your website loads faster for an improved user experience. Optimize your website's performance with Scylla - try it now! Bandwidth saving Having a CDN to back up your server/hosting plan is always a good ideea. Images are loading faster worldwide and are always available. Fast implementation Effortlessly implementation gives you the opportunity to hop on/off anytime you feel a change is needed. Consistent quality Keep the original image quality in a new compressed image. Let's get in touch Traffic <50k visits per month 50k-100k visits per month 100k-500k visits per month 1M-10M visits per month + Add another website What are you interested in Gaming monetization WGPlayground Publishing Partner Program Video monetization Display ads monetization Image optimization ALL products Contact us WGPLAYER WGPlayer is product developed by WeeGoo Ads , a Google Channel Partner since 2010 Advertising guidelines Privacy policy