Skip to content
Skip to Chat
Online Degrees
About WGU
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admissions & Transfers
Student Login
More
Request Info
Apply Now
The University
of You

Get a Degree on Your Time, in Less Time

See How WGU Fits Your Life

BUSINESS
Bachelor's Degrees
Master's Degrees
Certificates
TECHNOLOGY
Bachelor's Degrees
Master's Degrees
Certificates
HEALTH & NURSING
Bachelor's Degrees
Master's Degrees
Certificates
EDUCATION
Bachelor's Degrees
Master's Degrees
State Licensure Information
FIND YOUR FUTURE

 

Discover Your Program, Your Career, Your Skills

Take a quiz to get answers about the best path for you

 

Take Quiz
Unlock Your Potential and Start with Confidence

 

At WGU, you're in the driver's seat of your education. Whether you're building on previous academic experience with our flexible transfer policies or just starting out, we tailor your path to meet your needs. No previous college experience? No problem. Begin with a single introductory course designed to seamlessly bridge you into your degree program. Welcome to the University of You.

Find your Perfect Credential
Personalize Your Path

THE WGU IMPACT

Online Education
Built for Life

We're an online university dedicated to making higher education accessible for as many people as possible. Everything we do at Western Governors University is aimed at increasing accessibility and opportunity for each student, regardless of their background, motivations, or life situation. That focus helps produce success for our over 300,000 graduates. Our curriculum focused on today's workforce needs is why WGU grads have a 98% employer satisfaction rate*, and why our students see an average salary increase of $22,200 just two years after graduating.* 

*2023 Harris Poll

LEARN MORE ABOUT WGU

Affordable Education

Explore More

Personalized Learning

Explore More

Expanded Access

Explore More

Workforce Skills

Explore More
Ready to Start Your WGU Journey?
Apply Now
What Our Alumni Are Saying


People love their WGU experience. See why it means so much to them and what makes us different.

SEE MORE REVIEWS

"I am able to affect [students] in a positive way because of the classes that I was taking."

— Zhane Dill
Teacher and Founder, Anointed in Motion

"The beauty of WGU is that it is your degree on your terms. Mentors and instructors are there to provide support and ensure we stay on track, but this is your degree plan and make sure you make it work for you." 


— Juan Longoria
Director & MLN Co-Chair, T-Mobile

"Obtaining degrees from WGU means confidence in the school and myself that I can achieve anything. My journey with WGU has made it possible for me to be more disciplined with my time."

— Jane Chung, Managing Director of Deloitte & Touche, LLP


"I am grateful that WGU gave me the ability to reach my goals while working full time and being an active mom. It means a great deal that the work I am so passionate about resonates with others."

— Ashlei Ashmore
Director of Operations, OSUCOM-CNl


"In addition to the knowledge, you’ll gain and the opportunities for career advancement you’ll enjoy, you will find yourself generally better prepared to tackle anything life throws at you. The confidence you build by working through your course materials, refining your work products, and gaining the self-knowledge that you can, step by step, achieve a major educational milestone will prove invaluable in anything you choose to do."

— Rob Berg
Principal and Director, Perr&Knight

WGU Grads Hold Positions With Top Employers
Explore More
Innovation in Every Step

 

President Scott Pulsipher is focused on utilizing innovation to help WGU provide an individualized approach that produces resilient grads who are ready to meet the needs of today's workforce.

Office of the President
WGU is Military Friendly

WGU has received the Military Friendly School designation for the 13th consecutive year. For 2023-2024 we have also been ranked as the #1 online school by Military Friendly. Learn more about how we serve those who serve our country

Military Student Experience

WGU Distinguished Graduate Award

Each year, WGU alumni are recognized with this prestigious award. Learn more about our 2025 award recipients.

2025 Distinguished Graduate Awards

WGU Announces 2025 Commencement Plans

WGU will be holding a number of in-person and virtual ceremonies in 2025.

2025 Commencement Plans
Frequently Asked Questions at WGU
Tuition and Financial Aid
Learning at WGU
Online Learning at WGU
Admissions & Enrollment
Military
Does WGU offer financial aid?
Are there scholarships available?
How does tuition work at WGU?
The University
About Us
Accessibility
Accreditation
Newsroom
Careers
For Students
Student Portal
Admissions
Catalog
Title IX
Alumni Services
Most Visited Links
Business Programs
Bachelor's Degrees
Student Experience
Online Degrees
Scholarships
Support
Military
Scholarships
Financial Aid
Faculty
Testimonials
Student Communities
Privacy Policy
|
Cookie Policy
|
Contact Us
|
Sitemap
©2025 WGU. All rights reserved.