What Hi-Fi? | Tech news and reviews Skip to main content Open menu Close main menu What Hi-Fi? THE WORLD'S #1 TECH BUYER'S GUIDE UK Edition UK US Canada Australia RSS Subscribe Sign in View Profile Sign out Search Search What Hi-Fi? News Reviews Best Buys Features Awards Hi-Fi Headphones TV & Home Cinema More Advice Deals Speakers Streaming AV Smartphones & Tablets Forum Newsletter Subscribe Sound + Image Australian Hi-Fi About us What Hi-Fi Magazine Subscription Why subscribe? The best home entertainment buying advice In-depth, unbiased, expert reviews Issues delivered straight to your door or device From £5 Subscribe now Trending Best Buys Products of the Year Best speakers Best soundbars Best wireless earbuds Latest News LG has announced a rival to one of Samsung’s most controversial TVs Alastair Stevenson published 30 December 25 Will LG’s lifestyle TV offer style and substance? Wi-fi headphones, multi-talented all-in-ones and a slow cassette resurgence are among our 2026 hi-fi predictions Alastair Stevenson published 30 December 25 Our audio wizards have dusted off their crystal balls… This bold-sounding Bluetooth speaker is a third of its original price – but can you do better? Harry McKerrell published 29 December 25 A New Year's dilemma I was involved in over 100 reviews in 2025 – here are my 5 TV and home cinema highlights Tom Parsons published 29 December 25 My personal favourites from an entire year of TV and AV testing Seeking new speakers in 2026? These refined, full-bodied Focal floorstanders have sunk to a new low price Harry McKerrell published 29 December 25 The Focal Aria Evo X No3 drop from £3499 to 2789 These flexible, easy-going Q Acoustics Bluetooth floorstanders have plummeted in price – save £250! Harry McKerrell published 29 December 25 A New Year deal worth celebrating HDR wars, an AVR resurgence and OLED's continued dominance – here are our reviewers’ home cinema predictions for 2026 New OLED tech, surprise unveilings, a milestone for LED and more are on the cards I was involved in over 100 reviews in 2025 – here are my 5 TV and home cinema highlights My personal favourites from an entire year of TV and AV testing Got cash for Christmas? I'm eyeing these 5 great products in the New Year sales Santa let you down? Take matters into your own hands... Luxman E-07 review: superbly engineered and seriously talented Understated styling, superbly engineered and massively capable I tested a host of standmounts this year, and it proves there are endless ways to design a great speaker The mid-price speaker market is in rude health Winners and losers of 2025: which companies and products soared this year, and which sunk? Good or bad, it's certainly been an eventful 12 months in AV tech Hi-Fi This formerly Award-winning Marantz amp is the cheapest we’ve seen it for Boxing Day By James Cook published 26 December 25 Get £140 off the five-star PM6007 Stereo Amplifiers My first time using a portable cassette player reminded me of what I love about listening to vinyl By James Cook published 26 December 25 There’s something special about the unique charm of analogue Portable Music Players FiiO’s latest portable music player resembles an iPod Nano and doubles as a USB DAC By James Cook published 23 December 25 The Disc joins the Echo Mini and Nano to bolster the Snowsky range Portable Music Players 2025 was a great year for hi-fi fans with normal-sized wallets – long may it continue By Alastair Stevenson published 23 December 25 The mid-range speaker and amp market saw a lot of awesome stuff appear this year Hi-Fi Our deal hunters and testers have found the best last-minute Christmas offers on Denon AV receivers, Technics earbuds and more By Daniel Furn published 19 December 25 Sony, Denon and Røde are also on hand to help you fill up those stockings Hi-Fi Best multi-room wireless systems 2025: all tested by expert reviewers By Joe Svetlik last updated 19 December 25 Best Buys Want to play all the music in the world at the touch of a button, all around your home? You want a wireless multi-room system. Best Buys ALL HI-FI Headphones Tempted by a super-cheap Boxing Day bargain? Read this first! By Harry McKerrell published 26 December 25 Wireless Earbuds Best cheap headphones 2025: great music quality on a budget By Joe Svetlik last updated 19 December 25 Best Buys There's a record-low price on these stylish Bowers & Wilkins headphones By Daniel Furn published 19 December 25 Wireless Headphones Best cheap wireless headphones 2025, tested by our experts By Joe Svetlik last updated 19 December 25 Best Buys Two sub-£200 wireless earbuds deals: one is best for ANC, one is best for sound – which will you choose? By Paul Hatton published 17 December 25 Wireless Earbuds This affordable new range of open earbuds are aimed at listeners who "refuse to compromise on sound or comfort" By Harry McKerrell published 17 December 25 Wireless Earbuds ALL HEADPHONES Get the What Hi-Fi? Newsletter The latest hi-fi, home cinema and tech news, reviews, buying advice and deals, direct to your inbox. Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsors By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Speakers The five-star Sonos Era 100 is back to its lowest ever price – but only in one finish By Daniel Furn published 26 December 25 One of our favourite wireless speakers is now cheaper than Black Friday Wireless Speakers Amazon's new smart speaker is the cheapest we’ve seen it for Boxing Day, but we’d still recommend this one instead By James Cook published 26 December 25 You can’t go wrong with the Amazon Echo Dot (5th Gen) Wireless Speakers Save over £100 off the bold-sounding, feature-laden Sonos Move 2 this Boxing Day By Harry McKerrell published 26 December 25 A big saving on a bold, powerful speaker Wireless Speakers Boxing Day bargain! KEF's Award-winning LS50 Wireless II speakers are back at their lowest price By Harry McKerrell published 26 December 25 The LS50 Meta are £700 off, but stocks are running low Wireless Speakers This five-star Bose Bluetooth speaker has crashed to a new low price just in time for Christmas By Daniel Furn published 22 December 25 Bose has given us an early present Wireless Speakers This Bluetooth speaker upgrade is so good it feels like Christmas already By James Cook published 20 December 25 This Bluetooth speaker is making things sweeter Wireless Speakers ALL SPEAKERS Meet The Team Alastair Stevenson Editor-in-Chief Andy Madden Deputy Editor Kashfia Kabir Hi-Fi and Audio Editor Tom Parsons TV and AV Editor Becky Roberts Managing Editor Lewis Empson Senior Staff Writer Harry McKerrell Senior Staff Writer TV & Home Cinema Light pollution be damned – Christmas is the perfect time for Ambilight and light strips By Daniel Furn published 27 December 25 The rest of the house gets the festive treatment – so why not the home cinema? TV & Home Cinema This 99%-rated science fiction classic is still the perfect family movie By Richard Trenholm published 27 December 25 Steven Spielberg crafted the perfect combination of comedy, mystery and madcap action - and no CGI in sight TV & Home Cinema What to expect from Sony in 2026: RGB Mini LED takes on OLED, and it could be a quiet year for audio By Lewis Empson published 26 December 25 And should we expect a new OLED? TV & Home Cinema Looking to get serious about home cinema sound? JBL's five-star flagship AVR has had a huge price reduction By Lewis Empson published 24 December 25 Save a staggering £3300 AV Receivers What to expect from LG in 2026: RGB Mini LED, OLED and Dolby Atmos Flex Connect By Lewis Empson published 24 December 25 LG has a big year coming up TV & Home Cinema Hisense unveils two new 4K laser projectors ahead of CES 2026 with higher brightnesses and purer colours By Lewis Empson published 24 December 25 Plus, the PX4-Pro builds on an Award-winning formula Projectors ALL TV & HOME CINEMA Streaming & Entertainment The 8 best Christmas movie scenes to test your sound system By Daniel Furn published 24 December 25 Crank up the volume and the Christmas spirit Streaming & Entertainment 2025 is the year streaming became unaffordable – here's how to beat the price hikes By Joe Svetlik published 23 December 25 Bingeing without the price tag Streaming & Entertainment Bach with more bite: how to listen to classical music's greatest ever composer By Harry McKerrell published 23 December 25 Hi-fi listening lessons from the GOAT Music Streaming Sky Q is no longer available online – and marks another big blow for satellite TV By Robyn Quick last updated 22 December 25 Streaming for the win? TV Streaming Services The 42 best Dolby Atmos movie scenes to test your home cinema surround sound system By Robyn Quick, Tom Parsons, Lewis Empson last updated 22 December 25 We run down our favourite film scenes that need to be heard in Dolby Atmos. Streaming & Entertainment Are 4K Blu-ray discs better quality than streaming? By Joe Svetlik published 21 December 25 Comparing the picture quality of physical discs and streaming TV Streaming Services ALL STREAMING & ENTERTAINMENT More from What Hi-Fi? LG and Samsung unveil 2026 TVs, a surprising first from a 100-year-old speaker brand, and a thrilling turntable head-to-head By Kashfia Kabir published 22 December 25 We round up the biggest hi-fi and home cinema news from the past seven days AV The 5 best films we used to test our AV kit this year By Robyn Quick published 20 December 25 Bring on 2026! AV I saw 75 films this year – these are my 5 best and 5 worst movies of 2025 By Robyn Quick published 19 December 25 What a year for cinema it has been AV The best AV Christmas stocking fillers under £100: headphones, Bluetooth speakers and more By Daniel Furn published 17 December 25 Give the gift of audiovisual technology this Christmas AV A dynamic duo of CD treats, premium OLED TV expansion, IKEA speakers and more By Alastair Stevenson published 15 December 25 Welcome to the latest entry of our weekly hi-fi and home cinema news digest! AV A Rotel first, a Cambridge Audio streaming amp, and the Philips OLED910 – these are the 5 exciting products we have in for testing By Kashfia Kabir published 8 December 25 Including a high-end phono stage and an affordable 4K LED TV from Sony AV What Hi-Fi? is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site . Add as a preferred source on Google Terms and conditions Contact Future's experts Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us About us Contact us Accessibility Statement Careers ©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885. Close Please login or signup to comment Please wait... Login Sign Up