What Is My IP Address & Location? (IPv4/IPv6 Lookup) Skip to main content BEST VPN VPN REVIEWS WHAT IS A VPN TOOLS GUIDES RESEARCH ABOUT What is my IP IP Leak Test IP & Reverse DNS Lookup Tools What Is My IP Address? What's My IP Address & Location? 221.138.189.189 Copy Copied Your IPv6 Address - Your Geolocation - Your Internet Service Provider - Show Full IP Info To check your IP address using a script, use this URL instead: https://ip4.top10vpn.com/ . Jump to How Do I Find My IP Address? Why Is My IPv4 & IPv6 Different? How Do I Hide My IP Address? Useful Resources How Do I Find My IP Address? Finding your IP address is very simple. Use our tool from any web browser to display your public, Internet-facing IP address (IPv4 and/or IPv6), geolocation, and host information. To check your IP address automatically with a script, use the URL https://ip4.top10vpn.com/ . Below are step-by-step instructions on how to manually find your private IP address on popular devices and operating systems: Windows 10 & 11 How to check your private IP address on Windows 10 and 11: Open the “Start” menu, then navigate to “Settings”, “Network & Internet”, and “Wi-Fi”. Connect to a WiFi network, then click on the network you’re connected to. Scroll down to “Properties.” Your IP address and DNS server address will be listed here. macOS How to find your private IP address on macOS: Open “System Settings”, then “Network”. Click on the “Wi-Fi” button. Connect to a WiFi network, then select “Details” on the right-hand side. Your IP address will be listed here. iOS & Android How to find your IP address on iOS: Open “Settings” and tap on “WiFi”. Connect to a WiFi network, or tap on the network you’re connected to. Your IPv4 and IPv6 addresses will be listed here. Here’s how to find your IP address on an Android phone: Open “Settings” and click “Connections”. Tap on the WiFi network you’re connected to. Tap on the cog symbol next to your current network. Your IP address will be listed here. Amazon Fire TV Stick How to find your private IP address on a Fire TV Stick: Navigate to the “Settings” menu and select “OK”. Click on “My Fire TV”, then “About”. Select the “Network” button. You’ll find your IP address listed on the right-hand side. Why Is My IPv4 & IPv6 Address Different? If you’re connected to a VPN, our tool may display different information between your IPv4 address and your IPv6 address. This is most likely because your VPN is not tunneling IPv6 correctly . This means your real IPv6 address , and all the data associated with it, is still publicly exposed . If websites you visit support IPv6, then your traffic to them will not be protected by your VPN. There are two ways to fix your VPN leaking your IPv6 address: Check if your VPN has IPv6 leak protection within the app’s settings. If it does, make sure it’s enabled . See if your VPN can disable or block IPv6 . This is the next best option – your VPN will simply disable your IPv6 connection to prevent leaks, rather than attempt to tunnel it. If you cannot find either of these options, your VPN cannot fix the problem. In this case, you can attempt to fix the issue within your device’s network settings by manually disabling IPv6 . We explain how to disable IPv6 on multiple devices in our guide on fixing IP address leaks . If you have both an IPv4 and an IPv6 address, the latter will likely be your device’s preferred protocol. In this scenario, you can fix the leak by blocking all IPv6 traffic. Your internet connection will still work, since your device will then exclusively be using IPv4. How Do I Hide My IP Address? There are two tools that we consider the most effective to change your IP address (hiding your real one in the process): a web proxy and a VPN . One of the main reasons why we prefer these two tools is that they let you temporarily change your IP address to one from another city or country , which most other methods aren’t able to do. Web Proxy A web proxy, usually available via a website or web application, allows you to route internet traffic from applications on your device to a proxy server, and then on to your web destination. Web proxies are typically set up on an application-by-application basis, e.g. via a web browser. When you connect to a proxy server, your IP address changes to one assigned by the server . This masks your true IP address while using a proxied application, and the websites you visit only see the proxy’s IP address. Virtual Private Network (VPN) A VPN (Virtual Private Network) is a better software version of a web proxy, which you can install and use on most devices. Like proxies, VPNs divert your internet traffic through a remote private server, which assigns you a different IP address . Websites and apps you use will see the remote server’s IP address. Only the IP address of the VPN server is visible to the website server. Unlike proxies, secure VPNs use sophisticated connection protocols (e.g. OpenVPN and WireGuard), and encryption (e.g. AES 256-bit and ChaCha20), to further secure your internet data transfers. Safe and trustworthy VPNs route your internet traffic through a secure VPN server, anonymizing your web activity regardless of which application you’re using. Learn More About IP Addresses Below is a list of resources we’ve created to help you learn more about IP addresses: What Can Someone Do with Your IP Address? Dynamic vs Shared Static vs Dedicated IPs How to Hide Your IP Address What Is My DNS Server? IP and DNS Leak Testing Tool Who Is My Internet Service Provider?