Home - Wheaton College, IL skip to main content Academics Admissions & Aid Life at Wheaton More Apply Visit Give Search search Search Close Academics plus Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Academic Departments Conservatory of Music Faculty Listing Academic Calendar Library and Archives Global Programs and Studies Academic Services Academic Catalog Christ at the Core: Liberal Arts Pre-College Programs Admissions & Aid plus Admissions, Cost, & Aid Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Apply to Wheaton College Request Information Plan Your Visit Transfer to Wheaton Tuition and Fees Scholarships and Financial Aid Value of a Wheaton Education Student Financial Services Office Billing & Payment Pre-College Programs Life at Wheaton plus Athletics Arts at Wheaton Center for Vocation and Career Graduate School Student Life Housing, Dining, and Residence Life Intercultural Arts and Media Kingdom Diversity Ministry and Evangelism Passage Orientation Seek Help and Support Student Engagement Student Wellness Spiritual Life About Wheaton plus Why Wheaton Visit Wheaton College Profile After Wheaton Leadership Community Covenant Give to Wheaton Museums, Library and Collections Offices and Services Event Services Directory Campus Bookstore Technology at Wheaton Centers & Institutes plus Center for Applied Christian Ethics Center for Urban Engagement HoneyRock Center for Leadership Development Humanitarian Disaster Institute Human Needs and Global Resources (HNGR) Institute for Cross-Cultural Training John and Anita Nelson Center for Sacred Music Marion E. Wade Center Sexual & Gender Identity Institute The Wheaton Center for Early Christian Studies Wheaton Center for Faith and Disability Wheaton Center for Faith Politics and Economics Wheaton College Billy Graham Center Quick Links Thunder Athletics News Events Giving Library Bookstore Info for Students Faculty and Staff Parents Alumni Community Media For Christ and His Kingdom Find Your Christ-Centered Calling Explore our programs Merry Christmas from Wheaton! Rigorous, Respected & Recognized A top-tier liberal arts education in a Christ-centered community #1 Christian College among the U.S. News and World Report National Liberal Arts Colleges list (U.S. News & World Report, 2024) # 18 Top 20 best alumni networks Our thriving international alumni network is active, engaged, and always willing to help other Wheaties succeed. (Princeton Review, 2024) # 25 Best value in the U.S. Kilplinger ranked us #25 in best value liberal arts colleges in the U.S. and #45 best value overall. (Kiplinger Finance, 2019) 98.5 % Employed or in graduate school Wheaton graduates are highly prepared for what comes next, whether it’s a dream job or an advanced degree. (Class of 2024 data) See the College Profile World-Class Academics Rooted in faith. Christ at the core. Undergraduate Majors & Minors Learn to think well and live well in a vibrant, Christ-centered residential community. No matter which major(s) you choose, the breadth and depth of a Wheaton education gives you highly marketable skills and a strong foundation in Christian discipleship that will guide you at home, at church, at work, and in the wider world. 90 + majors, minors, concentrations & certificates 11:1 student-faculty ratio 86 % of students receive financial aid Explore Undergraduate Programs Graduate & Professional Programs Go deeper with a distinctly Christian graduate education. The Graduate School at Wheaton College offers master’s, doctoral, and certificate programs in high-demand and significant fields such as leadership, education, psychology, ministry, and bible/theology. 500 + graduate student population 28 residential and hybrid degree certificate programs 100 % Christ-committed faculty Explore Graduate Degrees View Image Dr. Matt Milliner's Art History Class View Image Wheaton Thunder Football View Image Wheaton Students Enjoying Spring View Image Reverend Dr. Charlie Dates Teaching Graduate Students View Image Climbing Wall in Chrouser Sports Complex View Image Dr. John Dickson teaching M.A. in Leadership Class View Image Perry Mastodon View Image The beauty of fall at Wheaton View Image Wheaton Students in Chapel View Image Choral Showcase Connect with Undergraduate Admissions Interested in learning more about Wheaton College Graduate School ? Share your information with us here . Loading... Christian friendship. Life together. Feel at home in a supportive, welcoming residential community. Beginning with our innovative orientation program, Wheaton Passage , your time at Wheaton will be filled with meaningful, shared experiences with your classmates - the people who just may become your best friends for life. Housing & Dining > Organizations & Activities > Spiritual Life > Ministry and Evangelism > Arts & Theater > Living in Wheaton & Chicagoland > Explore Life at Wheaton For Christ & His Kingdom These words are not just a motto. They are the essence of this vibrant community. Rooted in our founding and enduring principles, our mission is fueled by a firm dedication to biblical truth and boundless love. We value unwavering convictions and open-minded dialogue. Wheaton is truly unique: a liberal arts ethos, rigorous academics, an aspiration to excellence, and a deep commitment to Christian spiritual formation, this is the place where you can learn and grow with a community of spiritual and intellectual peers. Learn More About Our Commitments Explore Our Commitments Statement of Faith Community Covenant Christ at the Core Christ-Centered Diversity Commitment Wheaton News Left Arrow Previous Right Arrow Next Read All the News Dr. Todd Wilson to Join the Wheaton College Litfin Divinity School Read More Welcoming Dr. Kevin J. Vanhoozer to Wheaton College’s Litfin Divinity School Read More Faithfully Forward: Wheaton College Launches $275 Million Campaign, Largest in Its History Read More Wheaton Student Named Lincoln Academy Award Recipient Read More Dr. Yousaf Sadiq Appointed Co-Leader of New Lausanne Initiative Read More Wheaton College Announces the 2025–26 Core Book Read More Shakespeare in the Park Returns to Wheaton August 28–30 Read More Annika Richardson ’25 Awarded Fulbright English Teaching Assistantship Read More Wheaton College Announces Bold Investment into Student Innovation Read More Black + Evangelical Documentary Now Available Online Read More Play on the Stage or on the Field Conservatory of Music Wheaton's world-renowned Conservatory of Music houses nine ensembles that are open to all Wheaton students, regardless of major. Choose from Chamber Music, Jazz or Percussion Ensemble, Concert Choir, Men's Glee Club, Women's Chorale, Symphonic Band, or Opera Mainstage. Thunder Athletics Over 25% of Wheaton’s student body participates in athletics , and it's no wonder with so many options available, including baseball, basketball, football, cross country, golf, soccer, swimming, tennis, softball, track and field, volleyball, and wrestling. Our Division III athletes are conference and national champions. But, most importantly, we pursue Christian faith, character, and leadership through competitive sports programs that “run the race to win.” Get Involved Thunder Athletics Club Sports and Intramurals Conservatory Ensembles With Wheaton Wheaton students put learning into action in many ways, from independent research projects to immersive, enriching faculty-led experiential learning opportunities all around the globe. Learn more about Global Programs and Studies > With Wheaton you can: Left Arrow Previous Right Arrow Next Engage with the outdoors at HoneyRock, our center for leadership development. HoneyRock Investigate God’s creation in the Black Hills of SD. Wheaton in the Black Hills Experience new cultures and gain global perspectives. Summer Study Abroad Unearth ancient artifacts at the Tel Shimron Excavations Discover Tel Shimron Student Focused. Christ-Committed. Inquiry-driven. Learn from Wheaton faculty, Christian thought leaders with a passion for teaching. Meet our Faculty Dr. David Van Dyke '91 Dr. Van Dyke leads the M.A. Program in Marriage and Family Therapy, emphasizing a community-focused, faith-integrated approach to therapy. Read About Dr. Van Dyke's Work Dr. Mandy Kellums Baraka M.A. ’13 Read how Dr. Baraka and other Wheaton professors are exploring calling in academia, the church, and the College’s global community. Read About Faculty Beyond Blanchard Dr. Katherine Maneiro Dr. Maneiro, Assistant Professor of Geology, leaned over like she had a secret. “On my desk right now is potentially the oldest garnet in the world,” she said. Faculty Profile: Dr. Kathryn Maneiro Students and Alumni in Action Wheaties to Watch Wheaton College students—affectionately called Wheaties—use their God-given talent, intellect, and creativity to make a difference in communities near and far. Left Arrow Previous Right Arrow Next Da’Nesha Davis M.A. ’24 Da’Nesha Davis M.A. ’24 (Higher Education and Student Development), draws from a deep well of empathy, academic success, and wisdom as she serves students on campus. Meet Da’Nesha Elliot Chan Elliot Chan shares how he’s building frameworks for vocation and spiritual growth as a part of Vanguard, Wheaton's gap year program. Meet Elliot Josh Winnes ’25 Transfer student Josh Winnes ’25 founded "Skivangelism," a club that blends his love for the gospel with winter sports. Meet Josh Abbie Strack ’24 From golf launchers to a community that makes space for everyone, Abbie loves to design and build things. Undergraduate Profile: Abbie Strack How will you live out your life’s callings for Christ and His Kingdom? Wheaties are living their callings in ways and places that might surprise you. For more than 150 years, our heritage of humble leadership has carried us to every corner of the earth and every corridor of business, education, science, government, service, humanities, and the arts. Ready to take the next step? Plan your visit , request information , or start your application today . Visit Wheaton Request Information Faithfully Forward Academics plus Undergraduate Programs The Graduate School Global Programs and Studies Conservatory of Music Wheaton College Library Faculty Listing Academic Calendar All Academic Centers Admissions and Aid plus Admissions, Cost, & Aid Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Apply to Wheaton College Request Information Plan Your Visit Tuition and Fees Scholarships and Financial Aid Student Financial Services Office Value of a Wheaton Education Pre-College Programs Life at Wheaton plus Athletics Spiritual Life Student Development Offices Graduate School Student Life Wheaton Passage Orientation Center for Vocation and Career Kingdom Diversity Ministry and Evangelism Intercultural Arts and Media Housing Seek Help and Support About Wheaton plus Why Wheaton College Profile Statement of Faith Community Covenant Leadership Technology at Wheaton Museum and Collections After Wheaton Contact 501 College Avenue Wheaton, IL 60187-5501 630.752.5000 Contact Us Give to Wheaton Human Resources Campus Map Directions Video Campus Tour Staff, Faculty & Student Login Wheaton on Twitter Wheaton on Facebook Wheaton on YouTube Wheaton on Instagram © Wheaton College Disclosures and Privacy Policy Emergency Information IBHE