Wheel of Fortune | America's Game® | Homepage Watch Weeknights Watch Weeknights & Stream On Find Your Station Stream On Wheel Watchers Club SPIN ID Log In or Join Now Home Win All Giveaways Rockin' Eve Giveaway Fanday Funday Wheel Winners Check SPIN ID Join Wheel Watchers Club Wheel of Fortune LIVE Tour Be a Contestant Play All Games Bonus Puzzle Toss Up Challenge Wheel of Fortune Today Wheel Bingo Watch Where to Watch Videos Get Tickets Shop Shop Wheel Shop Wheel on Amazon More Newsroom Wheel History Ryan's Page Vanna's Page Maggie Sajak's Page Contestant Blog FAQs Wheel Watchers Club SPIN ID Log In or Join Now Home Win All Giveaways Rockin' Eve Giveaway Fanday Funday Wheel Winners Check SPIN ID Join Wheel Watchers Club Wheel of Fortune LIVE Tour Be a Contestant Play All Games Bonus Puzzle Toss Up Challenge Wheel of Fortune Today Wheel Bingo Watch Where to Watch Videos Get Tickets Shop Shop Wheel Shop Wheel on Amazon More Newsroom Wheel History Ryan's Page Vanna's Page Maggie Sajak's Page Contestant Blog FAQs Wheel Watchers Club SPIN ID Log In or Join Now Home Win All Giveaways Rockin' Eve Giveaway Fanday Funday Wheel Winners Check SPIN ID Join Wheel Watchers Club Wheel of Fortune LIVE Tour Be a Contestant Play All Games Bonus Puzzle Toss Up Challenge Wheel of Fortune Today Wheel Bingo Watch Where to Watch Videos Get Tickets Shop Shop Wheel Shop Wheel on Amazon More Newsroom Wheel History Ryan's Page Vanna's Page Maggie Sajak's Page Contestant Blog FAQs Recent Videos 0 Watch every recent Bonus Round! Big celebrations, tough solves, and every moment in between. Out in the Cold Toss Up See if you can solve these Toss Ups! How to Play See if you can solve these Toss Ups! Play Now Solve the puzzles as fast as you can to win points. The game is made up of three rounds of puzzles, with three puzzles per round. Completing all the rounds will unlock the Bonus Round, where solving the puzzle wins bonus points - and the game! TO PLAY 1. Select PLAY NOW to view the first puzzle. 2. Letters will reveal on the puzzleboard one by one. When you think you can solve it, select SOLVE. Type your response onto the puzzleboard. 3. You will have a short time to enter your puzzle solution. Once entered, click SUBMIT. 4. If correct, you can advance to the next puzzle. If incorrect - or you run out of time - you will return to the beginning of the level. 5. After all 3 puzzles are solved for a round, you can spin for bonus points and advance to the next level. Once 3 rounds are complete, you'll advance to the Bonus Round to solve the final puzzle and have one last chance to win bonus points. SCORING ● The faster you play, the more points you can earn. ● The time allotted to solve each puzzle is determined by the round and the number of letters in the puzzle. Close X Social Scoop Caption this: In honor of Seinfeld airing 36 years ago, which is your fav quote? #seinfeld Huge thanks to the Emmys / Television Academy for recognizing our wonderful Wheel team with an Emmy® nomination! ?… New BYOB just dropped 🥓 #WheelOfFortune #funnymoment #gameshow Happy Hanukkah to all our Wheel Watchers! 💙 🤍 Dancing to Meghan Trainor’s fabulous new holiday song…WITH the new bestie @meghantrainor?!😍❤️Send this to your… Can you spot the 10 differences between these two set photos?! #WheelOfFortune Aimee's home puzzle skills definitely translated to the stage!! Close enough? 🤷 #funnymoment #gameshow #wheeloffortune It's showtime!! Last looks before we kick off Disney's Secret Santa Holiday Giveaway! #WheelOfFortune #Disney Their wishes for magical Disney Parks vacations and more could come true for you too!! Don't forget, YOU could win… Bet none of you thought you'd see the day we changed the Bonus Round!! We're giving away lots of vacations and cash starting next week—what do you want contestants to win for you?! Five tournament episodes + FIVE chances to win $10,000, starting next week! The Michigan luck brought John to the Bonus Round, but will he solve this puzzle?! Let the countdown to HUGE giveaways begin!! 🎁🎄 Make sure you join the Wheel Watchers Club asap because come Dec. 1st… Music legends and an American Idol reunion?! Sign us up! #WheelOfFortune #cwof A collection of champions. Cue the confetti. 🎉 Comment which one is your favorite design and you might see it on some merch in the future 👀 We've got 3 sports legends behind the wheel tonight! All new episode of Celebrity Wheel of Fortune airs tonight at… Had a real ✨ Marvelous ✨ time filming this one! Catch Alex Borstein, Michael Zegen, and Paul Feig TONIGHT on… Raise your hand if you're watching Wheel in your pajamas! 🙋🙋‍♀️ #WheelOfFortune The Hunting Wives that took the internet by storm are taking over our #CelebrityWheelOfFortune stage tonight!! Watch… We're giving away Florida vacations all week!! Tune in Oct. 13-17, or stream next day, for your chance to win! #… Take a walk around the block and the answer should come to you 👟 #puzzletok #gameshow #wheeloffortune Where were you when you saw Christina win the million dollars?! We all have our methods to calm down and ours is the third one, what about y'all? This gave us a serotonin boost #WheelOfFortune #gameshow #puzzletok Enjoy your next Designed Sponge Cake while tuning in to Wheel Of Fortune all week or stream the next day on Hulu and… Did you miss us?! 😉 All new season of Wheel of Fortune premieres TONIGHT!! It was in that moment, Ryan realized he messed up ?? #puzzletok #gameshow #wheeloffortune Caption this: In honor of Seinfeld airing 36 years ago, which is your fav quote? #seinfeld Huge thanks to the Emmys / Television Academy for recognizing our wonderful Wheel team with an Emmy® nomination! ?… New BYOB just dropped 🥓 #WheelOfFortune #funnymoment #gameshow Happy Hanukkah to all our Wheel Watchers! 💙 🤍 Dancing to Meghan Trainor’s fabulous new holiday song…WITH the new bestie @meghantrainor?!😍❤️Send this to your… Can you spot the 10 differences between these two set photos?! #WheelOfFortune Aimee's home puzzle skills definitely translated to the stage!! Close enough? 🤷 #funnymoment #gameshow #wheeloffortune It's showtime!! Last looks before we kick off Disney's Secret Santa Holiday Giveaway! #WheelOfFortune #Disney Their wishes for magical Disney Parks vacations and more could come true for you too!! Don't forget, YOU could win… Bet none of you thought you'd see the day we changed the Bonus Round!! We're giving away lots of vacations and cash starting next week—what do you want contestants to win for you?! Five tournament episodes + FIVE chances to win $10,000, starting next week! The Michigan luck brought John to the Bonus Round, but will he solve this puzzle?! Let the countdown to HUGE giveaways begin!! 🎁🎄 Make sure you join the Wheel Watchers Club asap because come Dec. 1st… Music legends and an American Idol reunion?! Sign us up! #WheelOfFortune #cwof A collection of champions. Cue the confetti. 🎉 Comment which one is your favorite design and you might see it on some merch in the future 👀 We've got 3 sports legends behind the wheel tonight! All new episode of Celebrity Wheel of Fortune airs tonight at… Had a real ✨ Marvelous ✨ time filming this one! Catch Alex Borstein, Michael Zegen, and Paul Feig TONIGHT on… Raise your hand if you're watching Wheel in your pajamas! 🙋🙋‍♀️ #WheelOfFortune The Hunting Wives that took the internet by storm are taking over our #CelebrityWheelOfFortune stage tonight!! Watch… We're giving away Florida vacations all week!! Tune in Oct. 13-17, or stream next day, for your chance to win! #… Take a walk around the block and the answer should come to you 👟 #puzzletok #gameshow #wheeloffortune Where were you when you saw Christina win the million dollars?! We all have our methods to calm down and ours is the third one, what about y'all? This gave us a serotonin boost #WheelOfFortune #gameshow #puzzletok Enjoy your next Designed Sponge Cake while tuning in to Wheel Of Fortune all week or stream the next day on Hulu and… Did you miss us?! 😉 All new season of Wheel of Fortune premieres TONIGHT!! It was in that moment, Ryan realized he messed up ?? #puzzletok #gameshow #wheeloffortune Caption this: In honor of Seinfeld airing 36 years ago, which is your fav quote? #seinfeld Huge thanks to the Emmys / Television Academy for recognizing our wonderful Wheel team with an Emmy® nomination! ?… 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Watch Weeknights & Stream On FAQs Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Your Privacy Choices Cookie Consent Tool Canadian Privacy Policy Canadian Terms of Use VISIT SONYPICTURES.COM Movies Television Games & Apps