Win Big by Playing On the Wheel of Fortune Slot Machine This game is available only for registered users Get bonus Wheel of Fortune Live Casino Welcome Bonus Best Online Casinos Slots Empire Casino Loki Casino Syndicate Casino Free Pokies 5 Dragons Goldfish Slot Indian Dreaming Wins now Lori* 1 737 $ Vegas Party Mindy* 774 $ Gold Fish Slot Krist* 1 937 $ Monster Wheels Eugen* 1 742 $ Danger High Voltage David* 2 736 $ Wheel of Wealth Herma* 2 057 $ Super Wheel Mike* 2 477 $ Grand Wheel Steph* 1 842 $ Wheel of Wealth Special Edition Ernes* 2 372 $ lucky wheel Rhian* 1 885 $ Wheel of Luck James* 1 432 $ Wheel of Time Wayne* 2 273 $ Spectacular Wheel of Wealth Cory* 640 $ Indian Dreaming Pokie Louie* 1 404 $ Wheel of Fortune Sally* 1 355 $ Golden Ticket Shawn* 1 728 $ Highway Kings Pro Willi* 1 249 $ 5 Dragons Pokie Wheel of Fortune Slot Game Review by IGT Wheel of Fortune Play for money Additional info Software IGT Slot type Video Slot Year launched 2016 Theme Entertainment Rtp 94.04% Mobile-friendly No Bonus game Yes Free spins No Progressive jackpot No Multiplier No Gamble No Wild symbol No Scatter symbol No Autoplay option No Paylines type Fixed Reels 5 Rows 3 Paylines 30 Lines pay Left To Right Both ways No Min coin value per line 0.25 Max coin value per line 15 Min bet level 1 Max bet level 1 Min $0.10 Max $100 Maximum win 2500 Play for money The online slot gaming craze has been around for a while, and it doesn’t seem to fade any time soon. While this is attributed to the excitement derived from winning real prizes, casino games such as the Wheel of Fortune slots make the gaming experience even more fun. The Wheel of Fortune slot machine, characterised by colourful, spinning wheels, has been around many online casinos for a long time.  Aside from its impressive jackpots, playing a free Wheel of Fortune slot machine gives you a rare chance to unlock bigger winnings. If you are an ardent online casino gamer, you've undoubtedly come across the large and colourful spinning wheels in many casinos. Originally from one of the all-time famous gameplay, this Wheel of Fortune slot machine game created by IGT has conquered all slots in the world to become the leading slot machine game loved by casino gamers. The IGT Wheel of Fortune slot machine features sound effects and the Wheel itself, which are all behind its endless popularity. The Slot machine’s flawless setup, gameplay, and bonus games make it a true definition of online slot gaming. Wheel of Fortune Slot Bonuses and Features First, the Wheel of Fortune slots real money features visuals and audio that are perfectly in line with the game show's feelings. The slot machine has an unconventional setup with five reels. This setup form closely resembles a diamond, which makes it unique among modern slot games. Another feature is the pay lines which are all made to pay both ways. The game also uses the widespread Level Up Plus feature. This means the more times you play, the more you get to unlock top-level games. More wins mean you can access exciting bonus features offering more wins. Besides enjoying your Wheel of Fortune pokie, you also get a chance to try on two exciting bonus games that offer huge wins. These include the Spin to Win Bonus which allows you to choose one letter from the phrase ‘wheel’ to reward you with a cash prize. The top bonus award can be 100 times more than your stake. Unfortunately, the Wheel of Fortune slot jackpot does not progress but comes with huge winnings. Another popular bonus on the Wheel of Fortune slot machine is the Free Play Free Spins Bonus feature which allows you three free spins. You only access this bonus after scattering the three wheels to trigger the bonus game. This automatically activates a spin from the wheel to award you random prizes. If you get three of the other scatter symbols, you’ll activate the Triple Extreme Spin bonus. The Wheel of Fortune features a gold colour scheme and includes line markers on the left with parallel boxes displaying all the wins you achieve on a specific line. The slot machine also features  traditional fruit-based reel icons such as strawberries, oranges, grapes, and gold bars. Some of its top games, such as the Wheel of Fortune Triple Extreme Spin have a more luxurious theme of diamond rings and cruise ships. Betting and Payout Rules Given this game has a Multiway feature, its betting and payout rules allow you to bet with Wheel of Fortune slot machine odds of as low as $0.50, across all of its pay lines. Afterwards, you are free to pick the coin value you wish to gamble. By clicking the 'spin' button at the bottom of the screen, you’ll experience the reels spinning.  You can only learn of your winnings from the glowing and the flapping of the graphics. Wheel of Fortune Slot Games Mobile Version There’s no doubt mobile casino gaming has gained much traction. This explains why IGT, an online casino game developer, has ensured you get the Wheel of Fortune slot games on a smaller screen, both on smartphones and tablets. The developers have ensured the game’s mobile version has excellent mobile compatibility. As regarding game features, the mobile version is similar to the one you enjoy on your desktop. While the big money Wheel of Fortune slot machine no download app might work for many, various mobile apps that offer other IGT games will also allow you to get a mobile version of this slot on your mobile gadget. Playing Wheel of Fortune Triple Extreme Spin Casino Game Wheel of fortune triple extreme spin ranks as the most popular game on this online slot machine. The game features distinctive and smooth gameplay that is set up in a pretty unconventional manner. Besides, the Wheel of Fortune Triple Extreme Spin slot game also offers excellent video graphics that make it quite exciting, especially when the graphics start moving on the screen. The game also combines high-paced five reels with the central reel containing five rows. The adjoining outer reels have four and three rows, respectively. This results in the slot game assuming a diamond shape. The triple extreme spin game on the slot machine wheel mainly targets the high rollers, with its luxury-like symbols such as fast cars and yachts that reflect all that. When playing the game, there are numerous bonus rounds for grabs. However, the Triple Extreme Spin Bonus pays out the largest jackpot of them all. While on the game, the two wild and scatter symbols replace the other symbols to trigger the winning pay lines or bonus games. Wheel of Fortune Free Slots The Wheel of Fortune free slots are available in many casinos as free versions. You can try them before playing any slots for real money. The free slot games will help you decide whether you can risk your money on the game, hence avoiding falling into costly mistakes. With the free Wheel of Fortune slots, you can freely spin the wheels without registration or downloads. Therefore, you can play Wheel of Fortune free slots wherever you are, whether on your smartphone or tablet. The Wheel of Fortune slot game is best experienced if you play with real money. Though the slot’s unusual setup makes it quite complicated, playing Wheel of Fortune is quite simple and straightforward. For this reason, experts recommend trying the Wheel of Fortune free play demonstration before attempting to play the game with real money. Most reputable casinos always provide an entrenched demonstration version to practice on all you want without staking real money. This will prepare you to try some outstanding slot collections accessible for real money wagers. Play Wheel of Fortune Slot Machine If you are a gaming enthusiast, the Wheel of Fortune Online Slot is a must-try. Other than playing for real money, you'll get the chance to play free slots before graduating to more high-paying games. The slot also provides a welcome bonus for first-time gamers. However, always ensure you are playing on a reputable casino. FAQ Is Wheel of Fortune a Good Slot Machine? Developed by IGT, one of the most respected software providers in the world, Wheel of Fortune is a good slot machine. Similar to other popular games, the slot machine features an amazing theme, and it is easy to control. On top of that, it is available in two versions, which include paid and free. The free version is available to allow you to learn how to play, while the real money variant offers an opportunity to win actual cash. Winning at this slot machine purely depends on luck, meaning it does not matter whether you are a new or an experienced player; you will be able to play the Wheel of Fortune slot machine. And what does more, many variants of this slot machine come with exciting bonus rounds that make them highly engaging and thrilling when you play for real money. The game also has a good RTP and offers the best payouts. All these features prove that Wheel of Fortune is a good online slot machine that you can play free of charge as well as for real money. Where Can I Play Wheel of Fortune Slots? If you want to play the Wheel of Fortune slot machine online, the good news is that there are many casinos in Australia that offer all the popular variants of the game. There are many recommended sites that you can choose from. What you only need to do to start spinning the reels of this game is to go through the recommended list and pick your favourite gambling website. Many of them offer welcome bonuses and no deposit deals that you can use on the Wheel of Fortune online game. So if you have been wondering where you can play the Wheel of Fortune slot, then you have an excellent answer. What Online Casino has Wheel of Fortune Slots? Any online casino that offers games from IGT has the Wheel of Fortune slot game. The best part is that such online casinos are available in Australia, and all of them are safe, secure, licensed, and well-regulated. They offer lots of incentives and quick payouts through respected banking methods. These sites also have the best customer support services and offer all Wheel of Fortune variants. They do have these features since IGT, the developer of the game, only partners with trustworthy online casinos. What are the Luckiest Slots to Play? Wheel of Fortune is one of the luckiest slot machines to play in  2025. However, there are many other slot games that you can play. These games have been designed and created by top software developers in the world. Some of these slot machines are: Mega Joker from Net Entertainment Ugga Bugga from Playtech White Rabbit Megaways from Big Time Gaming Blood Suckers from Net Entertainment Mega Moolah from Microgaming Jokerizer from Yggdrasil Starmania from Nextgen The Catfather from Pragmatic Play Jackpot 6000 from Net Entertainment Gonzo’s Quest from Net Entertainment Break Da Bank Again from Microgaming Play For Money Screenshots and video Wheel of Fortune Try Our Recommended Free Pokies Play game Gold Fish Slot Play game Indian Dreaming Pokie Play game 5 Dragons Pokie Play game Wheel of Fortune Last news Wheel of Fortune Slot Machine Strategy If this isn’t your first day playing online slots, then you must be aware of the Wheel of Fortune real money slot machines’ popularity. Since 17.11.2021 Read More How to Play Wheel of Fortune Slots Wheel of Fortune slot machines is based on the popular and long-running Wheel of Fortune TV game show featuring Vanna White and Pat Sajak. For 17.11.2021 Read More Real Money in the World of the Wheel of Fortune Wheel of Fortune game is a big money slot machine with five reels and thirty paylines. Players can learn how to play this pokie game, 17.11.2021 Read More Joshua Middleton Chief editor All Author’s Posts Gaming Manager at wheel-of-fortune-pokie.com 06.05.2021 4.39 / 5 5 4 3 2 1 111 Category: Free Pokies Wheel of Fortune Slot Free Online Pokies Aussie Online Casinos Live Dealer Casino Welcome Bonus Offers Responsible Gambling Cookies Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Authors Sitemap Contacts Us wheel-of-fortune-pokie.com © 2025 Play For Real Money