When I Work | Simplify Employee Scheduling & Time Tracking Blog Start Free Trial Open Menu Features Back Employee Scheduling Build the schedule in minutes and share it instantly to make shift management easier. Time Clock Turn any device into a time clock that tracks attendance, breaks, and time off. Team Messaging Communicate with everyone on the team, all in one place, without sharing phone numbers. Integrations Connect with the tools you rely on to streamline scheduling, payroll, and more. Solutions Back Benefits Payroll Integrations Compliance Automated Scheduling Overtime Tracking Industries Restaurant Retail Call Center Healthcare Seasonal Hospitality Franchise Volunteer View All Industries Pricing Create Account Start Free Trial Schedule Demo Log In Scheduling for Shift Based Workplaces Build the work schedule in minutes. Share and track it instantly. Full Name Email Address Start Free Trial OR Start my free trial with Google EMPLOYEE SCHEDULING SOFTWARE Schedule Faster Create the work schedule in minutes and share with your team. Explore Scheduling EMPLOYEE TIME TRACKING Track Time Easier Integrate your schedule with the time clock and reduce labor costs. Explore Attendance TEAM MESSAGING Communicate Better Connect with everyone across any shift or any department. Explore Messaging Staff Scheduling Software Reduce chaos, costs, and turnover Employee scheduling and time tracking software for the modern workforce. Desktop and mobile apps give everyone the access they need. Dyana Doherty Mainstream Boutique 2016 Work Scheduling Work Better. Together. When I Work is an employee scheduling app that does more than just save you time on scheduling. It also helps you improve communication, eliminate excuses, boost accountability among your staff, track time and attendance, and grow your business. MOBILE SCHEDULING AND TIME CLOCK APPS Put the back office in your front pocket. Team Management Onboard new employees, approve time off requests, review shift trades, and fill shifts in seconds. Team Accountability Shift confirmation, mobile clock in, shift tasks, team tasks, and chat ensure everyone is on the same page. Team Communication Notify your team of changes instantly, communicate in 1:1 and group chats. Team Empowerment Your team can manage availability, submit time-off requests, and collaborate on shift trades. Rebecca Baker Hodges Bend 2015 Employee Scheduling Software Ridiculously easy to use. Unbelievably fast to set up. The intuitive mobile app allows employees and managers to learn how to use the app quickly. Setting up your employee schedule takes only a few minutes, so you can get back to business-critical tasks. Everything you need, all in one place Get all the tools to manage your team, control labor costs, reduce absenteeism, and keep people on your team longer with easy-to-use software that managers and employees love. Start Free Trial Employee Scheduling Software Get the right people, in the right place, at the right time. One-Click Scheduling Build your entire work schedule in one click with Auto Scheduling. Confident Shift Coverage Receive Shift Confirmations from employees and be notified immediately of Swaps and Drops. Share Schedules Publish the schedule and your whole team is instantly notified of their shifts. Labor Forecasting Easy-to-use labor tools help you manage your labor budget smarter. Payroll integrations Integrate with your favorite payroll provider, like Rippling Make payroll faster and easier when you integrate with our preferred partner, Rippling. You’ll save time, reduce errors, and be able to manage your team all in one place. "It saves me 8 hours a week. Instead of texting back and forth all day, our employees can use the app to switch shifts up, and all I have to do is approve the swap. Love it." - Dangerous Man, Customer Since 2015 TIME TRACKING SOFTWARE Control labor costs. Reduce overtime. Streamline payroll. Control Overtime Costs Overtime alerts and labor reporting make managing labor costs easy. Schedule Enforcement Limit clock-ins to shifts and locations to ensure that everyone is where they need to be at the right time. Payroll Integration Import your timesheets to quickly and accurately process payroll. Labor Reports Use labor distribution reports to manage costs and forecast for the future. Award-Winning Workplace Scheduling Software And the winner is…you! What does a trophy case full of awards mean? That the experts agree with business owners like you. When I Work is the right choice for your employee scheduling to help you build happier, more productive teams. Achievement in  HR Technology Best SMB-Focused Solution Operation Management Solution & Business Technology Solution Workforce Management Solution GOLD GLOBEE® WINNER Best Advance in HR or Workforce Management Technology for Small and Medium-Sized Businesses Employee Scheduling Software For Any Industry Built for teams of any size Workplaces across a wide range of industries rely on When I Work for employee scheduling, time tracking, and team communication. Read their stories below. Read Real Stories from When I Work Customers Hospitality & Food Service Healthcare Universities View All Industries The Castle Board Game Cafe 14 Employees Read Ryn's Story Elephants Deli 270 Employees Read Roz's Story Blue Plate Catering 70 Employees Read David's Story Brookdale 80 Employees Read April's Story Metro Dental 750 Employees Read Talitha's Story Coury & Buehler Physical Therapy 125+ Employees Read Josiah's Story Sault College 50 Employees Read Lua's Story San Jose State University 280 Employees Read Their Story Queensland University of Technology 70 Employees Read Jennifer's Story Loved by millions around the globe Join more than 200,000 workplaces running on When I Work When I Work is rated by our customers on Capterra. Pretty fantastic time saver Villainous J User friendly...straight forward and customizable all the things you need from a scheduling app. Best App for Restaurant Scheduling Yodonna All communications, scheduling, swap, requests...all on the same app. You can even see everyone one the shift. ???? Love it!! HikariHellscythe It really helped me keep track of when I worked and also helped me keep in touch with coworkers. Amazing ReNae I want to recommend this to every place I’ll ever work!!! Convenient and easy Michael Hearn In my 34 years of working in the service industry and watching technology grow, this is a very convenient and easy way for a team to coordinate. Stress free! Christina B This app is definitely Stress Free! Coming from downloading calendars and typing in employees names, this is so convenient compared to the old school pen and Calendar!!! Great app not just for scheduling! Long Island Bro Communication with my staff has been way more efficient and my labor cost is clear to see as I am making the schedule. I recommend this for any business trying to scale, simplify payroll cost and employee scheduling. Love it Elizabeth Rogers Love it.. it shows when I work my hours and who's on schedule with me. Its quick and convenient. Employee Opinion Jordon Sabo As an employee this app works fantastic. The notifications are in real time, the work chat is easy to manage, and the shift alerts are beneficial to my busy schedule. Would recommend for any company! Excellent WendyJoV Thank you for creating an excellent app to help manage work schedules! I love that I can offer a shift and the first people to respond automatically take the shift for however many positions I have set up. So Easy So Efficient WORKFlows I have been using When I Work for years now across many different brands and industries. I absolutely love how easy it is to use, how economical and efficient it makes scheduling. Great Vibe Vxspy It has all the necessities to fuel a good work environment. Everyone at work is connected and not so irrational. I love this app and I recommend it to all of you whose workplace invites the workapp idea. Unbelievable piece of software Dean Malkani Unbelievable piece of software that I've been looking for as a manager for years. The UI is glorious across browser and mobile app. Great for employees Mullac544 I’m an employee for a concession stand with varying hours and locations and it works really well to show me both the different locations and the hours for each. Would 100% recommend Modern Scheduling App Kaley Lariviere Really modern way to have a schedule, makes communicating with coworkers easier! Easy, convenient Life nurse I have my schedule with me at all time. Able to communicate with my coworkers and swap shifts. Get immediate notification of available shift. MORE INTEGRATIONS The integrations you want Use integrations to make your life easier and your business more efficient. You can control labor costs, make payroll easier, and streamline your workflows. Whether you need payroll, point-of-sale, business operations, or on-demand pay integrations, When I Work has you covered. View All Integrations Start scheduling free! No credit card required. Full Name Email Address Start Free Trial OR Start my free trial with Google Products Employee Scheduling Employee Time Clock Team Messaging Shift Planning Integrations Pricing Security Labor Forecasting Employee Engagement Time Management Automated Scheduling Multi-Location Scheduling Employee Retention Overtime Tracking Timesheet Software Resources Blog Excel Scheduling Template Excel Timesheet Templates Time Card Calculator HR Toolkit Employee of the Month Certificates Customer Stories Partner Programs Support Help Center Submit a Ticket Training Center Customer Webinars / Events System Status API Documentation Company About Careers News Industries Served Restaurants / Cafes / Bars / Coffee Shops Retail Professional Services Entertainment / Seasonal Home Care Security Staffing / Recruitment Manufacturing Healthcare / Medical Technology / Software Colleges / Universities / Schools Catering / Events Cleaning Delivery Electricians Pharmacy Hotels / Resorts Emergency / Law Enforcement Caregivers / Assisted Living Call Centers / Customer Support Field Services Lawn Care Nursing Logistics Volunteers / Non-Profit Franchises Construction Salon / Spa Pest Control Plumbers Veterinary Care Dental Practice Mobile Apps Apple App Store Google Play Store Connect With Us Visit When I Work Facebook Page Visit When I Work Instagram Page Visit When I Work Linked Page Visit When I Work Twitter Page Contact Us Talk to Sales Talk to Support When I Work, Inc. 420 North 5th St.
Suite 500
Minneapolis, MN 55401
U.S.A Subscribe to the Blog Email Start Free Trial Close Modal Something Went Wrong We had some issues creating your account. Please check your info and try again. Cancel Go To Login Join 140,000 other leaders and receive updates that will help you grow your business, inspire new ways to engage your employees, and resources to help your workplace run smoother. © 2025 When I Work, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service