Secure, customizable & reliable WebRTC Video Calls| Whereby Products Pricing Developers Resources Log in Get started Secure video calls. Zero hassle. Whereby offers trusted and reliable video calls in your browser, no downloads required. Have better video calls with Whereby Meetings, or integrate video into your product with Whereby Embedded. Get started Trusted by leading companies like Trusted by leading companies like Trusted by leading companies like Video calls for every use case Product select meetings For individuals and teams Instant video calls Permanent room links Essential features Basic customization Explore Meetings Explore Meetings <> embedded For product builders API integration & SDK tooling Programmatic room creation Extensive features Advanced customization Explore Embedded Explore Embedded New report: The State of Virtual Care New report: The State of Virtual Care Download for free Find out more Whereby for Telehealth Connecting practitioners & patients anywhere, anytime. Learn more Whereby for eLearning Engaging virtual classroom experiences for teachers, coaches and their students. Learn more Whereby for Telehealth Connecting practitioners & patients anywhere, anytime. Learn more Whereby for eLearning Engaging virtual classroom experiences for teachers, coaches and their students. Learn more Whereby for Telehealth Connecting practitioners & patients anywhere, anytime. Learn more Whereby for eLearning Engaging virtual classroom experiences for teachers, coaches and their students. Learn more Why  Whereby? Why  Whereby? Why  Whereby? Private & secure Privacy, confidentiality and security are very important to us. Built in Europe, our products are GDPR and HIPAA compliant, and ISO 27001 certified. Reliable & scalable Our infrastructure is scalable and offers a consistently high quality video call experience, including in low bandwidth scenarios and on mobile devices. Unrivaled support From our developer docs to our dedicated Success team, we’re here to help. At no extra cost. User-friendly Our UI is built with human experience in mind to reduce tech fatigue and increase engagement through intuitive design and straight-forward usability. Powerful features ready to go Screen sharing Screen sharing File sharing File sharing Chat Chat Transcriptions Transcriptions Virtual whiteboard Virtual whiteboard Custom branding Custom branding Explore features Explore features “One of the reasons we love Whereby is that they’re constantly iterating, and the product roadmap is always rich with new features. The functionality from day one was quite impressive, and it continues adapting to meet our needs.” Senior Product Manager “One of the reasons we love Whereby is that they’re constantly iterating, and the product roadmap is always rich with new features. The functionality from day one was quite impressive, and it continues adapting to meet our needs.” Senior Product Manager “One of the reasons we love Whereby is that they’re constantly iterating, and the product roadmap is always rich with new features. The functionality from day one was quite impressive, and it continues adapting to meet our needs.” Senior Product Manager Explore our customer stories How DrDoctor is powering hybrid healthcare for the NHS Read the story Read the story Read the story How Oh My Mood is Boosting Therapist Job Satisfaction Read the story Read the story Read the story Why our API is trusted by leading Telehealth platforms Read the story Read the story Read the story Frequently asked questions Can I try it for free? What is the difference between Meetings and Embedded? Do you support other industries? Frequently asked questions Can I try it for free? What is the difference between Meetings and Embedded? Do you support other industries? Frequently asked questions Can I try it for free? What is the difference between Meetings and Embedded? Do you support other industries? You’ve made it this far! Get started with Whereby today Sign up See pricing You’ve made it this far! Get started with Whereby today Sign up See pricing You’ve made it this far! Get started with Whereby today Sign up See pricing Footer About About us Our vision Careers Press Product Embedded Meetings What's New Status Developer docs Pricing For Embedded For Meetings Connect Blog Dev Community Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Support Support Center Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Policy Cookie Settings GDPR Statement Security Sitemap Comparisons Whereby vs Twilio Whereby vs Zoom SDK Whereby vs Jitsi Footer About About us Our vision Careers Press Product Embedded Meetings What's New Status Developer docs Pricing For Embedded For Meetings Connect Blog Dev Community Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Support Support Center Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Policy Cookie Settings GDPR Statement Security Sitemap Comparisons Whereby vs Twilio Whereby vs Zoom SDK Whereby vs Jitsi Footer About About us Our vision Careers Press Product Embedded Meetings What's New Status Developer docs Pricing For Embedded For Meetings Connect Blog Dev Community Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Support Support Center Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Policy Cookie Settings GDPR Statement Security Sitemap Comparisons Whereby vs Twilio Whereby vs Zoom SDK Whereby vs Jitsi