Samsung Food - The Ultimate Cooking App (Android, iOS & Web) Recipes Shopping Meal Planner Communities Blog Food+ Log In Use App Use App Recipes Shopping Meal Planner Communities Blog Food+ Sign Up Log In Use App Or try our web app Food Your Way Meet the all-in-one app for recipe saving, meal planning, grocery shopping, and recipe sharing. Sign Up Use App Use App Use App 4.8 rating in the AppStore and
                        Google Play Save all your recipes in one place Save recipes from any website to a digital recipe box, making it easy to create, organize, and share your cooking inspiration. Never lose a recipe Discover new dishes you’ll love Recipe communities on Samsung Food help you share and discover the recipes that fit your eating preferences, restrictions, needs, and more. Find your new go-tos Make meal plans you’ll actually want to follow Drag and drop your personal recipe collection into a weekly meal plan. Whether you’re looking to save time, waste less, or eat better, Samsung Food meal planner makes it easy to achieve your goals. Have a delicious week Cut grocery shopping time in half Instantly turn any recipe or meal plan into a smart shopping list with one click. Take your list to the store, check out online, or share it with your shopping partner. Reclaim your time Meet your health goals Unlock detailed nutrition info and calorie counts for any recipe you save to Samsung Food—even recipes you build yourself. See how much easier it is to eat healthily when you know what’s in your food. Unlock recipe nutrition Home cooks around the world love Samsung Food Featured App of the Week Best Everyday Essentials Webby Awards Nominee 2021 Users’ Choice Award Nominee on achieving health goals [Samsung Food] adds the health score, which I find very helpful, and seems to accommodate a wide variety of the latest scientific knowledge on nutrition. MrWufz on organizing recipes Answered all of my cooking prayers… no other app could even come close. Luna on organizing recipes An incredibly intuitive app that does all the work Kindness Reviewer on organizing recipes If you want to build on your own recipe collection and access all your recipes from ONE place… look no further. Cindix on organizing recipes Love how easy it is to save recipes from any site, organize and customize. Jodie on organizing recipes My recipes were immediately more organized and easily accessible. Liz on organizing recipes I really love the ability to click “share to samsung food” instead of printing recipes to pdfs like I had in the past… Honestly, you have no idea how good this app is until you try it. Julianne on better meal planning I’ve been trying to automate my weekly meal planning… I went as far as trying to build my own app. Then I stumbled upon Samsung Food which has every feature I needed and then some! kcboone on better meal planning This is the best recipe and meal planning app–period. I can say this from experience, as I recently tried 8 of the top meal planning apps recommended online, in r/loseit, and other subreddits. MrWufz on better meal planning Finally, allergy-free meal planning. Being able to create my own recipes and see my week planned out with photos of foods I can actually eat is incredibly useful. Ruth on better meal planning Everything i was looking for to ease up the frustration of meal planning. It literally cut the work in half for me. The Mad God on better meal planning I love how easy it is to use… this is the most consistent I’ve been with meal planning. Heather on better meal planning I’ve been looking for an app like this for years! Makes meal planning way easier. Jillian on better meal planning This app is the best meal planning app I have ever used. Gretchen on better meal planning This app is making meal planning, grocery shopping, and cooking experience so much better. It is saving me hours and serious $$$. kelkel1101 on saving time shopping Actually changed my life. Never has it been so easy to make a shopping list. jansbebens on saving time shopping Saves 90% of your time getting the shopping list together. Peter on discovering recipes I have had many first time achievements like cooking a pie and baking a vanilla sponge cake. Makes cooking so much more exciting. Clive on discovering recipes Really a good app… Having new recipes right there to explore is really awesome. Autumn on discovering recipes It’s easy to find new recipes to try and has a variety of different options based on your diet restrictions or disliked foods. Katie on achieving health goals I can add my own random recipes and get the nutritional calculations and health score. Madhavi on achieving health goals I have expanded my food horizons and lost 14lbs at the same time. Charlotte Get the award-winning app Organize your recipes, meal plan, grocery shop, and more with Samsung Food. Or try our web app Install browser extension to save recipes from any page Samsung Food Web App Mobile App Chrome Extension Food Plus Features Recipe Box Shopping Meal Planner Communities Resources Nutrition and Calorie Calculator Recipe Converter Support Blog Open Food Facts Company About us Creators Partners Press Careers © 2025 Samsung Food. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Security Do not sell my data Promotional Terms 🍪 We value your privacy We use cookies to make your browsing experience sweeter! Cookies help us analyze traffic and show you personalized content. By clicking “accept all” you’re giving us permission to treat you to a cookie or two. Read our full Cookie Policy. We use cookies to make Samsung Food work, but we also have some optional cookies which make it even more awesome. Accepting optional cookies helps us personalize your experience and load the site at lightning speed. We don’t use these cookies to share your personal information or sell it to anyone. Accepting them just helps you get the best from Samsung Food. Read our full Cookie Policy. Customize Reject All Accept All Essential Essential cookies keep us up and running! They're used for secure logins and other basic functions so you can use Samsung Food. Cookie __cfduid Duration 30 days Description Cloudflare cookie that helps detect malicious visitors and minimizes blocking legitimate users. Cookie _whsk Duration 365 days Description Cookie Consent Policy status. We use it to store users choice when then accept, reject or customize their consent. Cookie whisk.OAUTH_DATA Duration 365 days Description Main user authentication token, used to get data from Samsung Food APIs. Cookie sessionId Duration 365 days Description Used to identify existing users across Samsung Food apps and silently authorize them. Cookie __zlcmid Duration 365 days Description This cookie, which is essential for Samsung Food customer support service, is set by Zendesk to aid in identifying a user's chat session across page loads. Cookie whisk.sdk.cookietest Duration Session Description Used to check if cookies are enabled when opening Save Recipe / Add to Cart widget. Cookie wco.check-same-site Duration Session Description Used to check if cookies are enabled on Samsung Food web app. Cookie _grecaptcha Duration Infinity Description We use Google reCAPTCHA for secure auth and spam protection. Non-essential We use non-essential cookies to enhance site performance and speed for you. They also help us understand how people use the Samsung Food site so we can improve it for everyone. Cookie _ga_ Duration 2 years Description The purpose of this Google Analytics cookie is to identify unique users, store and count pageviews. Cookie _gid Duration 1 day Description Used to identify the user and it expires in 24 hours. Cookie _gat_ Duration 1 min Description Used to throttle the request rate, providing basic protection from bots. Cookie amplitude_ Duration 10 years Description Used by Amplitude for session tracking for analytical purposes. Cookie ab.storage.deviceId Duration 1 year Description Randomly-generated string used to identify anonymous users, and to differentiate users devices and enables device-based messaging. Cookie ab.storage.sessionId Duration 1 year Description Randomly-generated string used to determine whether the user is starting a new or existing session to sync messages and calculate session analytics. Cookie ab.storage.userId Duration 1 year Description Used to determine whether the currently logged-in user has changed and to associate events with the current user. Cookie NPS_ Duration 3 months Description Randomized number used to detect when users saw NPS popup last time and protect from bots. Cookie whisk.ONLINE_CHECKOUT Duration 1 year Description Used to store region, zip and active inventory for users who used Samsung Food Shopping List Publisher extension on various websites. Marketing Marketing cookies are what personalizes your Samsung Food experience and helps you see content you care about. Turning these off doesn't disable adverts, but will make your adverts less customized. Cookie _gcl_au Duration 90 days Description This cookie is used for "Conversion Linker" functionality - it takes information in ad clicks and stores it in a cookie so that conversions can be attributed outside the landing page.