White Screen | Online Tool WS Feedback English Deutsch Français Español Українська Polski Italiano Türkçe Português Svenska 日本語 Malay 한국어 White Screen Yellow Screen Orange Screen Pink Screen Purple Screen Zoom Lighting White background 480p 720p 1080p 1440p 2K 2160p 4K 4320p 8K px px Download 🎨 Open on all screens Close on all screens White Screen Black Screen Red Screen Green Screen Blue Screen White screen video Prank screens White Noise Broken Screen Radar Screen Death Screen XP Hacker Typer Fake update screens Windows 10 Windows XP Mac OS X Ubuntu 22.04 Chrome OS Screensaver screens DVD Flip Clock Quotes No signal Matrix People use white screen for: white screen to copy drawings I needed to have something bright under a paper, so i could redraw a image easier. white screen as a light source Lighting up the back of a lightbox for product photography white screen to check monitor Check your monitor and find dead pixels. white screen to blank screen Don't want to be distrupted? Want to take a brake? Use a white screen to blank your screen. white screen as a light to read To get a source of light and be able to read books when it’s dark in the room and the light switch is too far away. white screen as a light to makeup As a bright light source for doing makeup or taking pictures white screen to clean monitor Silly, but I use it for monitor cleaning. It makes things on the screen obvious. :) I also use it to validate plain colour reproduction for different monitors, but that only comes up rarely and I'm not looking for professional colour grading. white screen to look for dust Consistent backdrop to clean my monitor on, and also to check for dead/stuck pixels. Also sometimes for lighting my face when I'm using a webcam. white screen to catch flies I was catching little flies as they were attracted to white screen on my display white screen to make a flipbook I'm working on a animated sequence, and i'm doing it the traditional way (by hand), so i need a white surface with light that allows me to put one piece of paper over another and be able to see both, so since i don't have a professional screen for this, i'm using my computer and putting the white screen on it so i don't touch anything by mistake white screen to focus yourself While studying, I use 2 screens, one with a timer and one to search whatever I need on the internet. When I am not searching, I put the white screen so I don't get distracted with anything on the computer white screen to configure your monitor settings Useful when adjusting settings in my secondary monitor (since it's quite old it doesn't just set stuff how it should be by default). Settings like vertical/horizontal position and vertical/horizontal scale. Also useful when searching for dead pixels. white screen to draw at night If I'm drawing on paper, I can put paper on top of my display drawing tablet and see what I'm drawing at night White Screen for Lighting Turn your display into a simple and efficient light source with our white screen tool. Perfect for video calls or photography where extra lighting is needed. White Screen for Visual Purity Experience a pure, clean and soothing visual environment using our full-screen white display. Ideal for relaxing, meditating or focusing on tasks without visual distractions. White Screen for Design Work Utilize our white screen tool as a blank canvas for design, drawing or any creative activities. A blank white screen allows your creativity to flow unimpeded. White screen for cleaning white screen for monitor cleaning white screen to find dead pixels white screen to find dirty spots White light online white light for reading white light for video calls white color light white screen/light for selfie white led lights online Others white screen for projector white screen for kids white fullscreen background We use cookies OK Calculators: Combination Sum Calculator Privacy policy Terms & conditions Contact us © 2025 WS, Made in Ukraine Please disable popup blocking Your browser is blocking the app's popup windows. Please enable popups and then try again. You can do this by clicking the icon to the right of your web address bar, selecting the "Always allow..." option, then clicking "Done". OK, got it