Homepage - White House Historical Association Skip to Main Content Primary Navigation Explore Explore Do you want to learn more about the vibrant history of the White House? Browse our site through curated collections or content type. Collections Learn About the History of the White House by Subject Galleries Browse Images From White House History Audio Listen to History Videos Watch Past Programs & Educational Videos Questions & Answers Have you ever wondered.... Presidents & First Ladies Biographies & Portraits Podcasts The White House 1600 Sessions Topics Popular Topics Have a topic you’d like to know more about? Search our site by some of the most popular White House history subjects. Slavery in the President's Neighborhood Stories of Slavery & Freedom Presidents Learn about Presidents First Ladies Learn about First Ladies and Hostesses First Family Life Life in the White House Architecture Construction, Renovation, & Maintenance of the White House Interiors & Decorative Arts Furnishings and Rooms of the White House Fine Arts Paintings and Sculptures in the White House Collection Gardens & Grounds Learn about the President’s Park Significant Events State Dinners, Historical Events, & Important Visitors Resources Resources As part of our mission to provide access to the rich history of the Executive Mansion, we offer resources for teachers, students, and learners of all ages. Slavery in the President’s Neighborhood Stories of Slavery & Freedom Teaching Resources K-12 Education Resources and Programs White House 360° Tour A 360° Tour of the Executive Mansion with Digital Notebooks for Teachers & Students Publishing Information On Our Award-Winning Books & White House History Quarterly Journal Podcast The White House 1600 Sessions White House History Live Our Facebook Live series on the stories that make up the history of the Executive Mansion Digital Archives Explore White House history through the thousands of images in our Free Digital Archives Events Events Join us for in-person and virtual events, browse past events, or learn more about booking the historic Decatur House for intimate gatherings and large celebrations. Upcoming Events Past Events Book the Decatur House Intimate Gatherings & Large Celebrations Support Support The funds to help protect the White House’s collection, preserve its interiors, and ensure public access to its living history are extensively supported by donations to the White House Historical Association. Become a Member Be a Part of History Premier Giving Join Our Premier Giving Circles Planned Giving Learn about Planned Giving Options The National Council Meet the members of The National Council on White House History The White House Experience Advisory Council Meet the members of The Advisory Council Corporate Giving Corporate Partner Support and Opportunities Matching Your Gift See If Your Employer Will Match Your Donation Non-Cash Giving Learn about Smart Giving options Renew Your Membership State Disclosures About About The White House Historical Association is a private, nonprofit, educational organization with a mission to enhance the understanding and appreciation of the Executive Mansion. Our Story Historic Decatur House The David M. Rubenstein National Center for White House History The People's House: A White House Experience Reserve your passes for Washington, DC's newest attraction Governing Board of Directors Current Staff Media Inquiries Career Opportunities Contact Us Secondary Navigation Shop Donate Search Menu What can we help you find? Search WHHA - start typing and then listen for common searches like yours. Search Close Search Main Content Homepage The White House Historical Association is a private, nonprofit organization founded in 1961 by First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy with a mission to protect, preserve, and provide public access to the rich history of America’s Executive Mansion. Collection Holly Jolly Holidays Holiday Cheer at the White House Article The Festival of Lights Celebrating Hanukkah at the White House Ornaments Celebrating 150 years of White House State Dinners The Official 2025 White House Christmas Ornament Become a part of history The funds to help protect the Executive Mansion’s collection, preserve its interiors, and ensure public access to its living history are extensively supported by donations to the White House Historical Association. Learn more about us. Donate Opening the Doors to White House History Reserve your free passes now for The People's House: A White House Experience, Washington, D.C.'s newest attraction. Plan Your Visit Explore More Digital Archives Special Collections The Roland Mesnier Collection White House Pastry Chef Page White House Workers Video Series Educational Videos Gallery 2025 White House Holiday Decorations Home is Where the Heart Is Link The People's House Miscellany Buy Now Video White House Memories White House History Live Digital Archives Special Collections White House Experience App Virtual Tour Quarterly Issues The White House That Wasn't White House History Quarterly Educational Resources Discover and share the rich history of the White House through our K-12 education resources, programs, and partnerships. These offerings cover a wide range of topics throughout United States history. Want to get updates and new K-12 education resources and programs? Sign up for our Education E-Newsletter below. Newsletter Sign Up iCivics Game This interactive game, created in partnership with iCivics, allows players to serve as a presidential advisor during a major decision point in three different presidencies. The game is available in English and Spanish! Learning Videos Discover White House history through these video resources that provide compelling visual narratives of the Executive Mansion. Classroom Resource Packets Adaptable to any twenty-first century classroom, these ready-to-use materials highlight resources from our Digital Library. Newsletter Sign Up The White House 1600 Sessions The White House 1600 Sessions is a podcast that explores the history, untold stories, and personal accounts of America’s most iconic residence and office – The White House. Through conversations with historians and eyewitnesses to history, we open the doors to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Latest Episode White House History and the Waldorf Astoria New York Featuring David Freeland and Jasmin Howanietz Dec 18, 2025 Recent Episodes See more episodes of the podcast More Recent Episodes The White House Chief Usher Nov 20, 2025 Recreating the White House: Netflix and Shondaland’s "The Residence" Oct 28, 2025 Presidential Pets Sep 30, 2025 History Revealed: The Kennedy Gravesite Aug 20, 2025 Upcoming Events See All Events White House History Live: The Mother of Washington Tuesday, Jan 13 A Taste of History: Social Diplomacy through Food and Wine Thursday, Jan 29 2026 Presidential Sites Summit Sep 08 - Sep 10 Ongoing Events Tour the Historic Decatur House See All Events Shop White House history Shop Official White House Christmas Ornaments, award-winning books and journals, seasonal items, and more. Your purchases help fund our work as a nonprofit and support our mission to protect, preserve, and provide public access to the history of the White House. View Store Subscribe to our newsletter to stay up to date with the latest events and stories. Sign Up Become a Member Help protect and educate America on the history of the White House. Shop Now Official White House Christmas Ornaments, Books, and More. Explore Collections Galleries Audio Videos Questions & Answers Presidents & First Ladies Podcasts Resources Slavery in the President’s Neighborhood Teaching Resources White House 360° Tour Publishing Podcast White House History Live Digital Archives Events Upcoming Events Past Events Book the Decatur House Support Become a Member Premier Giving Planned Giving The National Council The White House Experience Advisory Council Corporate Giving Matching Your Gift Non-Cash Giving Renew Your Membership State Disclosures About Our Story Historic Decatur House The David M. Rubenstein National Center for White House History The People's House: A White House Experience Governing Board of Directors Current Staff Media Inquiries Career Opportunities Contact Us Find us on... facebook instagram linkedin x pinterest Terms of Use and Privacy Policy The White House Historical Association © 2025