Whitney Museum of American Art Skip to main content Whitney Museum of American Art Open today: 10:30 am–6 pm Book tickets Become a member Menu Menu Whitney Museum of American Art Close Visit Plan your visit Admission, hours, and directions Planea tu visita (en español) Admisión, horarios y ubicación Book tickets Advance tickets are recommended Membership Free admission, exhibition previews, and more Accessibility Resources for visitors with disabilities Dining Studio Bar and Frenchette Bakery at the Whitney Group visits For schools and groups of 10+ What’s on Exhibitions Current and upcoming Events calendar Upcoming events, tours, programs, and more artport Online portal for digital art commissions Performance Upcoming and past The Biennial The longest running survey of American art Exhibition archive Exhibitions going back to 1931 Art Art & Artists Collection 19,000+ works Artists 5,600+ artists Audio Guides, podcasts, and other audio Videos Featuring art, artists, exhibitions, and programs Essays Essays and catalogue excerpts Conservation Preservation and care of collection works Research Materials, library, and study center Learn About & history Education at the Whitney Public Programs Events, tours, talks, courses, and more Access Programs For Deaf and disabled visitors Families Programming and activities for kids and adults Schools & educators K–12, teachers, colleges, and universities Teens Programs and events for high school students Community Building connections with organizations in NYC En español Recursos y programas Shop Shop online Products designed to educate and inspire Print shop Custom prints of art from the Whitney's collection Gift membership Share art with someone who matters to you Shuffle Search Go Open today: 10:30 am–6 pm Book tickets Become a member Sixties Surreal Through Jan 19 Learn more about sixties surreal Book Tickets Gift Membership instant delivery Whitney Biennial 2026 Opens Mar 8 “Untitled” (America) Last chance Marina Zurkow: Parting Worlds Through Jan 11 Last chance Hyundai Terrace Commission: Marina Zurkow Through Jan 11 View all exhibitions Free at the Whitney Every Friday evening from 5–10 pm and on the second Sunday of every month, admission to the Museum is free. Both offerings include free access to exhibitions, special programming, city views, and more. Visitors 25 and under are always free, every day. More about free offerings T he Whitney Biennial The Whitney Biennial is the longest-running survey of American art, and has been a hallmark of the Museum since 1932. The current format—a survey show of work in all media occurring every two years—has been in place since 1973. Mark your calendars for the next iteration, opening March 2026. More about the Whitney Biennial Family Programs Whitney family programs offer artmaking workshops, special events and tours, in-gallery activity guides, and at-home artmaking challenges. Join us for upcoming family events or Free Second Sundays . More about family programs Video Watch our latest video series to dive deeper into art at the Whitney. Podcasts Listen to Artists Among Us , featuring long-form and short-form podcasts exploring artworks and events in and around the Whitney through conversation. artport Check out art that's created specifically for the web on artport —the Whitney's gallery space for Internet and new-media art. Dive Into Our Collection View all Hannah Wilke S.O.S. Starification Object Series (Curlers) 1974 Andy Warhol Before and After, 4 1962 Glenn Ligon Rückenfigur 2009 On view, Lobby Wade Guyton Untitled 2007 Allan D'Arcangelo Madonna and Child 1963 Jean-Michel Basquiat Hollywood Africans 1983 On view, Floor 7 Sign up for our newsletter Here to help Contact us FAQ Press Accessibility Get involved Support us Membership Jobs & internships Independent Study Program Mission & values About us Land acknowledgment Privacy policy Terms & conditions About whitney.org Dark Reduced motion © 2025 Whitney Museum of American Art On the Hour A 30-second online art project: Frank WANG Yefeng, The Levitating Perils #2 Learn more about this project Learn more at whitney.org/artport On the Hour projects can contain motion and sound. To respect your accessibility settings autoplay is
          disabled. Launch project