WHOOSH | Electric Scooter and Bike Sharing - Parking Whoosh Pass Parking Riding school FAQ News Job Contacts About us Language Español (América Latina) Portuguese (Brazil) YOUR URBAN TRANSPORT Download the scooter-sharing app and get riding! 03 02 01 Register instantly Enter your phone number, email and add a payment card The Whoosh app Choose a scooter All our scooters are shown on the map. Just tap a scooter to see its battery charge and ride rate. Free reservation Start your ride Scan the QR code on the scooter handlebars using the app and start your ride. You can rent up to three scooters on the same account 04 Park your scooter The app will show the price, battery level and parking areas. End your ride wherever there's a "P" on the map The Whoosh app Register instantly Enter your phone number, email and add a payment card Choose a scooter All our scooters are shown on the map. Just tap a scooter to see its battery charge and ride rate. Free reservation Start your ride Scan the QR code on the scooter handlebars using the app and start your ride. You can rent up to three scooters on the same account Park your scooter The app will show the price, battery level and parking areas. End your ride wherever there's a "P" on the map São Paulo Cities of presence in Latin America Concepción Porto Alegre Florianópolis Rio de Janeiro Santiago Temuco, Villarrica Brazil Rio de Janeiro São Paulo Florianópolis Porto Alegre Santiago Concepción Temuco Villarrica Chile Electric Scooter Riding School Learn how to drive your electric scooter safely and responsibly Learn more The Whoosh Pass is a great deal for frequent riders More details Register now! Promos, special offers, joint projects All partnerships (not parking areas or franchises) News What's new in Whoosh Parking Bring people closer to your location by adding a parking area nearby Cookie Statement By clicking "Accept All", you agree to the storing of cookies and similar technologies on your device for the purposes of enhancing navigation, analyzing usage, and to assist us and our partners in our marketing efforts. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies by clicking "Manage Choice". Additionally, you can find out more by visiting our Cookie Policy or restrict the processing of all cookies in your browser's settings anytime. Accept All Manage Choises Cookie Statement Cookie Settings Cookies necessary for the correct operation of the site are always enabled. Other cookies are configurable. Essential cookies They allow you to browse the website and use its applications as well as to access secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, the services you have requested cannot be provided. Analytics cookies Disabled They store user preferences for site usage so that you do not need to reconfigure the site each time you visit it. Advertising cookies Disabled They are meant for direct advertising according to the interests of each user so as to direct advertising campaigns, taking into account the preferences of users, and they also limit the number of times you see the ad, helping to measure the effectiveness of advertising and the success of the website organization. Confirm Partnership News Parking Terms and Conditions Privacy policy Contact us © 2025, WHOOSH