Experience the all-new WHOOP

Join now

MEMBERSHIPS
HOW IT WORKS
WHY WHOOP
ACCESSORIES
JOIN NOW
Add more life to your years

Start the new year with insights that help you sleep deeper, train smarter, and live better for longer.

JOIN NOW
Get a complete picture of your health

With 24/7 monitoring across sleep, strain, stress, and heart health, WHOOP gives you a complete view of your health — so you can make smarter decisions every day.

Quantify how your body is feeling
Extend your prime for years to come
Optimize your sleep
Measure the impact of every step and rep
Stay connected to your heart health
Get daily Blood Pressure Insights
Understand your unique cycle
Choose a membership

Professional-grade fitness insights at our best price.

Available at ₩236,999 ₩283,999

WHOOP 4.0 with 5 day battery

Sleep, Strain, & Recovery insights

Personalized coaching

VO2 Max & heart rate zones

Women's Hormonal Insights

START WITH ONE
LEARN MORE

Advanced health, fitness, and longevity insights to help you perform at your peak, longer.

Available at ₩379,999/yr

Everything on WHOOP One, plus

WHOOP 5.0 with 14+ day battery

Healthspan and Pace of Aging

Health Monitor with health alerts

Real-time Stress Monitor

START WITH PEAK
LEARN MORE

The most powerful WHOOP ever, delivering medical-grade health & performance insights.

Available at ₩569,999/yr

Everything on WHOOP Peak, plus

WHOOP MG with 14+ day battery

Daily Blood Pressure Insights (beta)

Heart Screener with ECG readings

Irregular Heart Rhythm Notifications

START WITH LIFE
LEARN MORE

Additional medical information below.

ECG readings and Irregular Heart Rhythm Notifications are currently unavailable in your region.

One gift, better health

From memberships, to deeper insights, and all-new accessories, there’s something for everyone

EXPLORE GIFTS
Backed by PHDs, worn by MVPs

Whether you're #1 in the world or on day 1 of your journey, WHOOP helps you optimize your health, fitness, and life.

Cristiano Ronaldo

Football Legend & Global Icon

Aryna Sabalenka

World No. 1 Tennis Player

"WHOOP has been a huge motivator to a healthier lifestyle."
Ashlynn P.

WHOOP member

Virgil Van Dijk

Global Football Star

"WHOOP has helped me greatly improve my physical health and wellbeing"
Samatha R.

WHOOP member

Sha'Carri Richardson

Track and Field Star

Nelly Korda

Golf Icon & Champion

Rory McIlroy

Grand Slam Champion

Mathieu van der Poel

Cycling Powerhouse

"WHOOP continues to transform my approach to health and wellness daily."
Weilynn T.

WHOOP member

Lucy Charles-Barclay

World Champion Triathlete

"Healthspan has helped me adjust my behaviors to help increase longevity."
Ellie G.

WHOOP member

Built to be worn 24/7
Zero distractions

A screen-free design means no pings, distractions, or unnecessary bells & whistles.

Always on sensors

For unmatched precision and insights, heart rate sensors collect data points every second–24/7. 

14+ day battery life

Power up on-the-go and stay charged with the waterproof Wireless PowerPack.

Completely customizable

Create a look that’s uniquely you, or wear WHOOP off-wrist with all-new WHOOP Body Smart Apparel. 

One device, endless ways to wear it
LEATHERLUXE
SPORTFLEX
CLOUDKNIT
SUPERKNIT
COREKNIT
WHOOP BODY
Live in luxe

Crafted from premium Italian leather and precious metals, LeatherLuxe elevates your look with timeless sophistication and style.

No other wearable lets you try before you buy

Get a 1-month free trial of Peak membership with a certified pre-owned WHOOP 5.0 device to improve fitness, manage stress, and receive personalized guidance to optimize your Healthspan.

TRY WHOOP FOR FREE

Additional Medical Information:

1. Healthspan: This feature is not available for users under the age of 18. This feature is for wellness purposes only and not for medical use.

2. ECG: This feature is not intended for users with known arrhythmias other than AFib or users under 22 years old. It is not recommended for users with a cardiac pacemaker, ICDs or other implanted electronic devices. ECG is a medically regulated feature and is not available in every region. Find out where else it's available here.

3. Irregular Heart Rhythm Notifications (IHRN): This feature is not intended for users with known atrial fibrillation or users under 22 years old. IHRN is a medically regulated feature and is not currently available in every region. Find out where else it's available here.

4. Blood Pressure Insights (Beta): Blood Pressure Insights is not a medical device and cannot diagnose or manage medical conditions. It does not provide medical advice. Always consult your doctor for health concerns and never delay or modify medical care based on its information. Blood Pressure Insights is not intended for use if you are pregnant or on blood pressure medication.

5. Women's Hormonal Insights: Menstrual Cycle Insights is not a medical device or medical advice and should not be used for conception or contraception. All phases, including the ovulatory phase, are estimates.

6. WHOOP Advanced Labs: WHOOP Advanced Labs is only available in the United States and requires an active WHOOP membership or trial. You must be 18 years or older and not pregnant to participate. Advanced Labs testing is not available in Arizona, Hawaii, Wyoming, North Dakota, or South Dakota; however, tests may be completed out of state. If you are within 20 weeks postpartum, weigh under 100 lbs (45 kg), have severe anemia (Hb < 8 g/dL), or have recently undergone surgery, we recommend waiting until you have been cleared by your clinician before testing.

Support
Member Support
Order Status
Rejoin WHOOP
Member Login
WHOOP Labs
WHOOP Advanced Labs
WHOOP Community
Company
Support
Developers
Engineering
Careers
Our Mission
Legal
Terms of Use
Terms of Sale
Sales Terms
WHOOP Year in Review Giveaway
Privacy
Minimum Advertised Pricing Policy
Security
Patent
Full Privacy Policy
Consumer Health Notice
Partner
Become an Affiliate
Developers
Join WHOOP
Get WHOOP
Refer a Friend
Gift WHOOP
Corporate Gifting
Accessories
Hero Discounts
Student Discount
Store Locator
The Locker
The Locker
Press Center

Our mission at WHOOP is to unlock human performance and Healthspan.

Submit
By signing up, I agree with the data protection policy.

© 2025 WHOOP