Wichita State University - Kansas Leadership Innovation at WSU Research Directories Give to WSU myWSU OneStop Quick Links Close Menu Search Close Menu ACADEMICS ADMISSIONS STUDENT LIFE ATHLETICS ABOUT APPLY NOW Leadership Innovation at WSU Research Directories Give to WSU myWSU OneStop Academic Calendar Apply Now! A-Z Directory Blackboard Campus Events Careers and Employment Office Hours Policies and Procedures Schedule of Courses ShockerSync - Student Events Shocker Store Student Webmail Technology HelpDesk Transfer to WSU University Libraries Search Close Menu ACADEMICS ADMISSIONS STUDENT LIFE ATHLETICS ABOUT APPLY NOW Student Centered. Innovation Driven. Learn how Wichita State students are changing the world » Stop Video Enrollment surges to historic high at Wichita State with more than 25,000 students Wichita State University and the Wichita State University Campus of Applied Sciences
                           and Technology (WSU Tech) are celebrating record-breaking enrollment this fall, continuing
                           a decade of extraordinary growth. Over the past 10 years, WSU has grown 27.3% and
                           WSU Tech 101.5%. That momentum is reflected in this fall’s historic headcount of 25,147
                           students — the highest in university history. Read more What are you interested in? Find Majors & Programs Interactive Virtual Tour Schedule A Visit Calculate Cost The Wichita State difference Applied Learning Through internships, co-ops and mentorships you'll get the chance to work side-by-side
                        with established professionals, building contacts, confidence and a strong resume
                        before graduation. Learn more Research With more than 30 renowned centers and institutes and state-of-the-art labs and research
                        facilities, Wichita State students do real research that impacts the community, the
                        economy and people's lives. Learn more Innovation At Wichita State, our students are the engine of innovation, with a collaborative
                        infrastructure that helps develop new ideas, and get new projects and businesses off
                        the ground. Learn more THE COLLEGE TOUR Internships and Applied Learning Wichita State’s applied learning model gives students real-world experience through
                        internships, research, and industry partnerships. With hands-on opportunities in every
                        major, Shockers graduate with the skills, connections, and confidence to succeed in
                        their careers. More The College Tour videos By the numbers High quality and affordable tuition make Wichita State a great value. We're among
                           the most affordable four-year colleges and universities in the U.S. See how we stack up Wichita State continues to rise in the National Science Foundation's ranking of U.S.
                           college engineering R&D expenditures Learn more For 12 straight years, WSU has been the top four-year transfer destination for Kansas
                           college students. Potential transfer students can see how the credits they have already
                           taken can apply to different degrees by using our Transfer Gateway. Learn more As one of the fastest-growing research universities in the country, Wichita State
                           continues a run of record-setting annual research funding. Learn more Happening at Wichita State Latest WSU News Upcoming Events College of Health Professions Ascension Via Christi names School of Nursing at WSU Innovation Shocker Fly Lab project kicks off with $1M lead gift Research NIAR programs finalists for industry composites awards Research WSU breaks the Top 10 in engineering R&D ranking Why Wichita State? Learn more about Wichita State WSU Fast Facts 1845 Fairmount St. Wichita , Kansas 67260 USA (316) 978-3456 Request Info Visit Apply Contact Us Virtual Tour Campus Map and Directions Facebook X | Twitter Instagram YouTube Linkedin (WSU) is unique in how many excellent opportunities students have to get relevant
                  experience on their resume while in college. Sarah Varner , aerospace engineering major Alumni & Friends Give to WSU A-Z Index Careers and Employment Freedom of Expression Policies and Procedures Privacy Policy Notice of Nondiscrimination Title IX Campus Safety Accessibility Public Information Website Support KBOR Freedom of Expression Statement HLC Accreditation © 2025 Wichita State University Wichita State University (“WSU”) does not discriminate on the basis of sex in its
      education programs, activities, admissions and employment. ©