Wide Open Country - It's more than country music, it's country life. News Music Features Interviews Artists Lists Tours Song Contest Entertainment Celebrity Film TV Hallmark Movies Awards Country Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Travel Living Pets Holidays Ranch & Garden Home Plants DIY SHOP SHOP ABOUT US AD CHOICES Corrections Policy Terms of Use Privacy Policy Newsletter Search News Music Song Contest Entertainment Country Lifestyle Ranch & Garden SHOP SHOP ABOUT US AD CHOICES Corrections Policy Terms of Use Privacy Policy Newsletter Music Bunnie Xo Left Jelly Roll on a Farm for 12 Hours—and the Results Were Complete Chaos: “This Is What Happens When You’re Not Here, Mama” With Bunnie Xo planning to go on a book tour this February, Jelly Roll should learn how to behave himself.  The "Save Me" singer needed some rescuing recently when his wife, the host of the Dumb Blonde podcast, went out to Las Vegas. She shared what happened in a video she posted on social media on Dec. […] By Jason Keil Entertainment Swan Song: MTV Music Stations Permanently Shut Down, Leave Fans With One Final Tune Celebrity Actress Tearfully Shares Tragic Reason for Her Weight Loss, Shreds Cruel Body-Shamers: "Such an Incredible Amount of Suffering" Music Post Malone’s Attempt to Backflip Went Horribly (And Painfully) Wrong Music Watch How Randy Travis Reacted to His Custom-Made Christmas Present Music Music Son of Two Country Music Stars Survives Health Scare, Commits To Staying Sober: "I Was in the Worst Pain of My Life" Country music star Keith Whitley died tragically at the age of 34 in 1989 from alcohol intoxication. (He was married to another country music fan By Judy Bass Music Employee Frames Part of $600 Tip From Famous Pop Star No one likes to work on Christmas. But one pop star made the holiday shift memorable for Robyn Gentry.  The Arrowhead Stadium employee was working By Jason Keil Music Jim Croce's Son Takes 'Croce Plays Croce' Tour Across America Celebrating His Dad's Music Jim Croce was an incomparable folk/rock singer and songwriter. He tragically died in a Louisiana plane crash on September 20, 1973, at the too-young age By Judy Bass Music Here’s How To Watch ‘Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve’ With Ryan Seacrest To Welcome 2026 There are many New Year's Eve traditions. Champagne, balloons, and parties galore. Another is Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve! By Judy Bass Music Trisha Yearwood Reveals Why She Released Two Albums This Year: “Something Just Kind of Clicked” Trisha Yearwood is a powerhouse. In a recent interview, the country star reveals what inspired her to put out two projects in 2025. By Kat Caudill Music Post Malone Teases the Possibility of Two Albums in 2026: “If Everything Goes My Way” Post Malone has a few New Year's resolutions to check off. Number one on his list? Releasing not one, but two albums in 2026. By Kat Caudill View All Entertainment Entertainment Public Memorial for Beloved NASCAR Driver and His Family Announced On Dec. 18, the racing world lost a legend when Greg Biffle died with six others in a plane crash at Statesville Regional Airport, located in North By Jason Keil Entertainment 400-Pound 'Indiana Jones' Boulder Falls off Tracks, Leaves Employee Bloodied in Disney World Disaster There is a moment in the Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular at Walt Disney World that recreates the exciting opening sequence of the hit film Raiders By Jason Keil Entertainment United States Soccer Star Breaks Silence on Sydney Sweeney Relationship Rumors No, Christian Pulisic is not dating Sydney Sweeney, and he wants to be left alone. Read the latest updates below. By Kat Caudill Entertainment Hollywood Superstar Makes Interesting Decision Regarding Future Roles: “I’m Not Trying To Compete With 25-Year-Old Leading Men” George Clooney is no spring chicken, and for that reason, he's ruling out any kissing scenes when filming future movies. By Adam Taylor Entertainment ‘Cobra Kai’ Star To Endure Lumberjack Strap Match in Shock Wrestling Debut Paul Walter Hauser will be making his wrestling debut at the 'SuperPower Slam' wrestling event in New York in a lumberjack strap match. By Adam Taylor Entertainment ‘Southern Hospitality’ Star Arrested for Having “Happy Pills” in Her Car Grace Lilly of 'Southern Hospitality' was arrested Monday morning in Charleston. Here's everything we know so far. By Kat Caudill View All Country Lifestyle Food & Drink McDonald’s Debuts Mind-Blowingly Huge New Menu Item—and We’re Officially Living in the ‘Super Size Me’ Documentary McDonald's fans in Thailand can now get a seemingly bottomless portion of fries for less than 100 Thai Baht By Adam Taylor Food & Drink Is Chipotle Open on Thanksgiving? See Full Holiday Schedule, Including Christmas and New Year's Sometimes you need a breather during the holidays. There are places to grab a quick bite and relax on the days before major holidays. By Judy Bass Food & Drink Cracker Barrel Exec Concedes Changing Iconic Logo Was a Mistake: "I Feel Like I've Been Fired by America" Some ideas are well-intentioned but don't pan out the way they were expected to. Maybe that explains what went so badly haywire a few months By Judy Bass Food & Drink Domino's Gets a Pizzazz-y New Rebrand With a Little Help From Shaboozey Rebrands can be tricky to execute successfully. Either the public goes for the changes or rejects them. Case in point - Cracker Barrel. The beloved By Judy Bass Food & Drink Massive Frozen Catfish Recall in Several Southern States There is a massive recall of frozen catfish in three southern states due to a lack of federal inspection. Consumers are told not to eat By Judy Bass Country Lifestyle Rodeo Icon Bobby Kerr Dead at 67 This Friday, Bobby Kerr, the rodeo icon passed away. Read more about how this Canadian became a cowboy below. By Kat Caudill View All Ranch & Garden Homes Late Fleetwood Mac Icon's Penthouse Hits Market — See Inside Property in London is already eye-wateringly expensive. Even a one-bedroom hovel, not fit for a Dickensian street urchin, goes for half a million. So, even By Leo Gillick Homes Jason And Brittany Aldean's Posh Florida Mansion Will Absolutely Amaze You Many top country music stars live in elegant splendor. They can more than afford luxury real estate with staggering multi-million-dollar price tags. Some are fortunate By Judy Bass Ranch & Garden Inside Olivia Newton-John’s Sprawling California Ranch Popular singer and actress Olivia Newton-John died of breast cancer in August 2022. Only now is her husband, John Easterling, able to part with their By Judy Bass Country Lifestyle Pioneer Woman Says She Urged Her Husband To Retire From Ranch Work After Injury You might not recognize the name Ree Drummond. Chances are you know her better as The Pioneer Woman from the Food Network show of that By Judy Bass Home This Insanely Over-the-Top Oklahoma City Mansion Screams "New Money" If you dream of living in an outrageously over-the-top Oklahoma City mansion, hold onto your cowboy hat for the deal of a lifetime! Via the By Craig Garrett Home Inside John Denver's Stunning Rocky Mountain Estate — Now Up For Sale John Denver's legendary Rocky Mountain Aspen home is up for grabs, offering a slice of country music history for just a few million bucks. The By Craig Garrett View All News News John F. Kennedy’s Granddaughter Dies at 35 Following Cancer Battle A family beset by tragedy has now suffered another. Tatiana Schlossberg, JFK's granddaughter, has died of cancer at 35. By Judy Bass News Nearly 3,000 Pounds of Ground Beef Recalled Due to Suspected E. coli Problem The FSIS has recalled nearly 3,000 pounds of ground beef due to a suspected E. coli problem. Six states received the product. By Judy Bass News NASCAR Driver Denny Hamlin's Father Dies Following Massive House Fire Denny Hamlin, a three-time Daytona 500 winner, has just lost his father to a house fire that occurred on Monday night. Here's what we know. By Kat Caudill News Fire at North Carolina Home Reportedly Belongs to NASCAR Driver’s Parents A fire at a North Carolina home reportedly belonged to the parents of NASCAR Cup Series driver Denny Hamlin By Adam Taylor News Two-Time World Boxing Champion Narrowly Escapes Death in Fatal Car Crash That Left Two Dead Anthony Joshua was a passenger in a car crash that has left two people dead in Nigeria, according to reports By Adam Taylor News Friend Gets Christmas Card From Retired NASCAR Driver Days After His Tragic Death in Plane Crash Greg Biffle and his family, plus three others, perished in a plane crash. A friend got a Christmas card from the Biffles days later. By Judy Bass View All About Us Ad Choices Corrections Policy © COPYRIGHT 2026, WOMG. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. TERMS OF USE PRIVACY POLICY Our biggest stories, handpicked for you. Don’t miss out on our free email newsletter.