Align Roadmaps with Intelligent Feedback for Effective Product Strategy
Learn More
Product
Pricing
Solutions
Resources
Give Feedback
Talk to an Expert
Turn “you’re not listening” into “you built exactly what we needed” with UserVoice
Win back customer trust, get your internal teams on the same page, and ship what customers ask for.
Help me rebuild customer trust
Trusted by top product and product ops teams around the globe
Your customer feedback process is quietly eroding customer trust
When feedback is buried in clutter and duplicates - and no one follows through - customers get a poor experience.
Your customer trust runway is getting shorter and shorter
‍ "Customers felt like our feedback platform was a black hole. We weren't able to follow up in a meaningful way."
- Product Operations Leader
Your teams are arguing about why feedback isn't being used
"We were putting the customer teams in an awkward position. Customers would say, 'I've been requesting this feature enhancement for five years. Where is it?'”
- Product Operations Leader
Your product team can't surface feedback or quantify impact
"Our Chief Product Officer came in and said, 'Each product, give me your top customer requests with the accounts and ARR associated.' And no one could answer that question."‍
- Product Operations Leader
See how you can fix this
Earn back customer confidence with clear feedback status, one transparent hub, and releases customers recognize
Regain customer trust by closing the loop
With UserVoice it’s easy to acknowledge the feedback you receive, so your users know you are actively listening and have received their valuable feedback.
“UserVoice helps us say yes to customers, but it also helps us say no. Customers are clear about what to expect or not expect.”
- Product Operations Leader
Show me how to boost trust
Get one shared view of every idea
Give your teams one shared source of truth. Teams can easily share ideas, discuss context, and share and see status - all without leaving UserVoice.
“There was no transparency around what we do with feedback, and that’s what this tool is actually solving for us.”
- Product Leader
Show me how to create transparency
Prioritize your roadmap with real customer data
No more roadmaps driven by the loudest voice. Instead, prioritize based customer data. You'll start building for the biggest customer impact and support customer satisfaction in the process.
“UserVoice is providing visibility into ideas. We can say, 'Okay, yeah there's votes, but there's only one account attached to it.' That helps us a lot to be able to really manage the data in a more meaningful way.”
- Product Leader
Show me how to prioritize
You don't need to worry about adoption when your team says things like...
“The thing that absolutely sold me on it was that it was a simple tool.”
Bring the data you have
Data migration support helps you untangle the backlog and import historical feedback. Keep as much as you want to start with continuity instead of chaos.
Gather new feedback
Pull ideas from emails, chats, and other sources with the Chrome extension. Gather feedback from integrated tools like Zendesk, Gainsight, and Slack.
Enrich feedback + prioritize based on customer data
Enhance feedback with user and account data. Prioritize with ideas lists and AI reports. Push decisions to engineering tools like Jira.
Close the loop
Internally, teams can discuss ideas so everyone is on the same page. Public statuses + PM outreach keeps customers informed.
See why your customers will trust you again
Close the loop and restore goodwill with a feedback tool your customers will love
Improved Customer Trust
“We’re able to pull down very swiftly here’s everything we’ve delivered for our clients…We can say look at the hundreds of interactions we’ve had with you as a client. We’ve answered all your questions, we’ve talked with you a lot, we take your feedback into consideration way more than before. And all of this is easily put into presentations for the renewal process. When it comes to an individual user perspective, they feel a lot more valued by us.”
Kathryn Doebler, Director of Product Operations, Freewheel
"UserVoice is helping us build out an ecosystem where everyone in the business is engaged with customer feedback. As we build the muscle with our product management team to respond to feedback, other teams start to recognize the value of the tool. They send us more feedback, the PMs build a dialogue, and we get more valuable analytics. This is how we build momentum towards incorporating the customer voice in our process."
- Ariana Newton, Product Operations Manager, Optimizely
“We wanted to avoid the ‘squeaky wheel’ problem. We were always trying to get an idea of how often the same requests were made, but no one could give us answers. We would drive our Account Managers crazy, asking them things like ‘can you count on a sticky note how many calls you’re getting this request on?’ It wasn’t a good way to quantify the need across the thousands of schools that we work with.”

“There are a lot of problems to solve out there, and spending time on something that isn’t the most impactful for our users is heartbreaking. UserVoice challenges me to look at the overall picture of the struggles that our customers as a whole."
- Megan Fangmeyer, Product Manager, Facts
Earn back customer confidence with clear feedback status, one transparent hub, and releases customers recognize
Book a Demo
We’re on a mission to change the way the world builds software and digital products for the better.
Resources
Talk to Sales
Developer Docs
Security & Compliance
Give Feedback
Product
Features
Integrations
System Status
Support
Use Cases
Product Manager
Product Executive
Feedback Manager
Customer Stories
eBooks
Transforming Your Product Management
Building a Feedback Machine
Product Features
Compare
Most Popular
Tips & Tricks
How-To
Expert Advice