Vienna’s online travel guide: the latest information and services - vienna.info To navigation To contents B2B Services Vienna Tourist Board B2B Vienna Experts Club Meeting Destination Vienna English Deutsch Italiano Français Español Magyarul Русский Polski Română Česky 日本語 中文 ISL Video Newsletter My favorites My recommendations Show/hide navigation Now on in Vienna Now on in Vienna Eurovision Song Contest 2026 Johann Strauss 2025 Event Search Spring in Vienna Summer in Vienna Autumn in Vienna Winter in Vienna Christmas & New Year's Eve Vienna ball season: Let the waltz begin! Since the Congress of Vienna, the city of waltzes has been famous for its legendary balls. Each year more than 450 balls take place in Vienna. The ... See & Do See & Do Sights from A to Z Discover Vienna Shopping Neighborhoods For Families For LGBTIQ+ Around Vienna Around the Altes AKH Where medical history meets student flair: the area around the former General Hospital (AKH) is not only a hotspot for aspiring academics, but ... Art & Culture Art & Culture Imperial Sights Museums & Exhibitions Architecture Music & Stage Shows A Bite of Art – Indulgence in Art The Kunsthistorisches Museum Vienna is dedicating a very special program to the theme of food in 2026. Enjoy culinary themes in art and savor ... Dine & Drink Dine & Drink Culinary Highlights 2026 Coffeehouses Viennese Wine & Heurige Restaurants Viennese Cuisine Markets & Districts to Savor Bars & Clubs Vienna Bites. Cuisine, Culture, Character In 2026, Vienna is all about culinary delights. We celebrate Vienna’s gastronomic identity and its unique cuisine. Livable Vienna Livable Vienna Parks & Green Spaces Water in Vienna Sport & Recreation Sustainable Vienna City of the Future Therme Wien – pure wellness If you’re looking for relaxation, then come to Therme Wien. Europe’s biggest and most modern city spa makes wellness dreams come true! Therme ... Sleep & Stay Sleep & Stay Hotels & Accommodations Vienna City Card Arrival & Departure Getting around ivie App Good to know Our Services Accessibility Explore Vienna’s Taverns and Beisl with ivie Want to enjoy authentic Viennese cuisine? The Tavern & Beisl Guide in ivie, the city guide app for Vienna, highlights standout taverns and inns, ... My Vienna My favorites My recommendations B2B Services Vienna Tourist Board B2B Meeting Destination Vienna Vienna Experts Club English Deutsch Italiano Français Español Magyarul Русский Polski Română Česky 日本語 中文 Contact Newsletter Follow us on Search Search What are you looking for? Show search results on map Search What are you looking for? Show search results on map Search Discover Vienna The official travel guide of the City of Vienna. Eurovision Song Contest 2026 The latest information about the Eurovision Song Contest 2026 in Vienna. Eurovision Song Contest 2026 The latest information about the Eurovision Song Contest 2026 in Vienna. Christmas & New Year's Eve in Vienna If you'd like to explore the enchanting side of Vienna, then head to the city in winter. The Christmas markets are especially atmospheric. Christmas & New Year's Eve in Vienna If you'd like to explore the enchanting side of Vienna, then head to the city in winter. The Christmas markets are especially atmospheric. Museums & Exhibitions Immerse yourself in art. Music & Stage Shows Experience the sound of Vienna. Dine & Drink Savor Vienna with all the senses. See & Do Discover the many facets of the city. Livable Vienna Vienna is a great place to live. Sleep & Stay Useful tips for travelling to Vienna. back forwards Sights An overview of Vienna's main sights from A to Z at a glance. Imperial Vienna Walk in the footsteps of the monarchy through imperial Vienna. ivie App ivie is the digital city guide app for Vienna. Vienna City Card. The official City Card. The Vienna City Card is the perfect companion for exploring Vienna. A Taste of Vienna Vienna Bites Cuisine, Culture, Character Discover culinary higlights in 2026 Viennese Impressions Impressions of a lively, cosmopolitan and liberal city. Event Search Our event search feature presents you with a selection of events in Vienna. For Families Tips for a visit to Vienna with the kids Viennese Impressions Impressions of a lively, cosmopolitan and liberal city. Event Search Our event search feature presents you with a selection of events in Vienna. For Families Tips for a visit to Vienna with the kids back forwards To the list Show list Hide list Show top sights Hide top sights Show filters Hide filter Filter results Select All | none Results hidden Show filters Turn off filter Points of interest in this area Services Useful information Sights from A to Z Events Public transport & tickets Getting to Vienna Vienna City Card ivie App Accessible Vienna Our Services Tourist Info Addresses & Contact Tourist Info Vienna Location: Albertinaplatz/Maysedergasse 1010 Wien Opening times: Daily 09:00 - 18:00 Dec. 24, 2025: 09:00 – 14:00 Dec. 31, 2025: 09:00 – 16:00 Jan. 1, 2026: 11:00 – 18:00 Tourist Info Vienna Airport Location: Arrival hall, Vienna International Airport Opening times: Daily 09:00 - 18:00 Dec. 24, 2025: 09:00 – 14:00 Dec. 31, 2025: 09:00 – 14:00 Jan. 1, 2026: 11:00 – 18:00 Wien Hotels & Info Email: info@wien.info Phone: +43-1-24 555 Opening times: Monday - Friday 09:00-17:00 Closed on public holidays AI Concierge concierge.vienna.info Information around the clock Contact Legal notice Privacy Terms of Use Accessibility Press Contact Cookie Einstellungen © Copyright Vienna Tourist Board