WiFi Map - All your connectivity needs in one place 1Gb eSIM FREE Get the app All your connectivity needs in one place Bringing internet access and lifestyle services to everybody, everywhere in a single super-app . 200 M+ Users 3M+ Reviews Enter a CITY to find WiFi Travel eSIM WiFi Finder $WiFi Wallet Get 1Gb eSIM Free with your first purchase Explore over 180 countries with the cheapest global eSIM packages! Get now Features overview Connect to free WiFi in 200+ countries Get access to millions of WiFi hotspots all over the world Connect to free WiFi in 200+ countries Features overview Stay online worldwide with eSIM data Stay online worldwide with eSIM data Choose one of our eSIM packages to stay online in a growing list of 90 + countries Take your maps with you everywhere With offline maps, you’ll be able to connect even when you’re out of data, wherever you are Take your maps with you everywhere Barcelona 13,056 Wi-Fi available offline My offline maps Download Connect with $WIFI Trade $WIFI on exchanges and use it in the WiFi Map app today to enjoy a range of perks and premium services! Connect-to-earn Receive $WIFI rewards for helping to grow the ecosystem: add hotspots, verify networks and test internet speeds Swap $WIFI Service facilitated by WeConnectU Ag Get $WIFI Trade Head to top-tier exchanges including OKX, Huobi and Gate.io to buy, sell, trade and stake $WIFI Get your cash back Activate eSIM mobile data with $WIFI to claim 15% cashback Redeem Get access to premium services inside the app with $WIFI Tip Send $WIFI to thank the people who added your favourite hotspots Learn more Join our growing community 15 M Contributors adding and healing WiFi hotspots 4.6 Star rating in the App Store and Google Play Join the community Tender Quill This app is a game-changer! The idea behind it is so innovative, and the rewards it offers are simply fantastic. Every time you contribute by adding WiFi networks or running speed tests, you accumulate points that can be used to unlock incredible perks like offline maps. It's a win-win situation, and I'm completely hooked on this app Martha Dacascos Next Level Wifi! Wifi Map has made it very easy for me to navigate and go different places without having to worry about draining my cellular data. Highly recommend to users! John Logan Certainly much cheaper than anything else we have looked at. Save my time and money, connecting to the internet as soon as you arrive at your destination Tender Quill This app is a game-changer! The idea behind it is so innovative, and the rewards it offers are simply fantastic. Every time you contribute by adding WiFi networks or running speed tests, you accumulate points that can be used to unlock incredible perks like offline maps. It's a win-win situation, and I'm completely hooked on this app Martha Dacascos Next Level Wifi! Wifi Map has made it very easy for me to navigate and go different places without having to worry about draining my cellular data. Highly recommend to users! John Logan Certainly much cheaper than anything else we have looked at. Save my time and money, connecting to the internet as soon as you arrive at your destination Tender Quill This app is a game-changer! The idea behind it is so innovative, and the rewards it offers are simply fantastic. Every time you contribute by adding WiFi networks or running speed tests, you accumulate points that can be used to unlock incredible perks like offline maps. It's a win-win situation, and I'm completely hooked on this app Tender Quill This app is a game-changer! The idea behind it is so innovative, and the rewards it offers are simply fantastic. Every time you contribute by adding WiFi networks or running speed tests, you accumulate points that can be used to unlock incredible perks like offline maps. It's a win-win situation, and I'm completely hooked on this app Martha Dacascos Next Level Wifi! Wifi Map has made it very easy for me to navigate and go different places without having to worry about draining my cellular data. Highly recommend to users! John Logan Certainly much cheaper than anything else we have looked at. Save my time and money, connecting to the internet as soon as you arrive at your destination Tender Quill This app is a game-changer! The idea behind it is so innovative, and the rewards it offers are simply fantastic. Every time you contribute by adding WiFi networks or running speed tests, you accumulate points that can be used to unlock incredible perks like offline maps. It's a win-win situation, and I'm completely hooked on this app Martha Dacascos Next Level Wifi! Wifi Map has made it very easy for me to navigate and go different places without having to worry about draining my cellular data. Highly recommend to users! John Logan Certainly much cheaper than anything else we have looked at. Save my time and money, connecting to the internet as soon as you arrive at your destination Tender Quill This app is a game-changer! The idea behind it is so innovative, and the rewards it offers are simply fantastic. Every time you contribute by adding WiFi networks or running speed tests, you accumulate points that can be used to unlock incredible perks like offline maps. It's a win-win situation, and I'm completely hooked on this app Martha Dacascos Next Level Wifi! Wifi Map has made it very easy for me to navigate and go different places without having to worry about draining my cellular data. Highly recommend to users! John Logan Certainly much cheaper than anything else we have looked at. Save my time and money, connecting to the internet as soon as you arrive at your destination Tender Quill This app is a game-changer! The idea behind it is so innovative, and the rewards it offers are simply fantastic. Every time you contribute by adding WiFi networks or running speed tests, you accumulate points that can be used to unlock incredible perks like offline maps. It's a win-win situation, and I'm completely hooked on this app Martha Dacascos Next Level Wifi! Wifi Map has made it very easy for me to navigate and go different places without having to worry about draining my cellular data. Highly recommend to users! John Logan Certainly much cheaper than anything else we have looked at. Save my time and money, connecting to the internet as soon as you arrive at your destination We believe that everyone on our planet should have access to free and secure Internet. Help us build a global wireless network. Together we will connect the world. Igor & Denis, founders of WiFi Map Top countries with Wi-Fi hotspots Indonesia 1,418,766 free Wi-Fi Brazil 1,203,159 free Wi-Fi United States 1,003,283 free Wi-Fi Iraq 979,383 free Wi-Fi India 831,817 free Wi-Fi Egypt 694,136 free Wi-Fi Portugal 687,914 free Wi-Fi Vietnam 617,999 free Wi-Fi Turkey 585,794 free Wi-Fi Russia 558,722 free Wi-Fi Saudi Arabia 437,716 free Wi-Fi Morocco 405,304 free Wi-Fi Pakistan 318,030 free Wi-Fi Mexico 315,077 free Wi-Fi Thailand 314,610 free Wi-Fi Ukraine 232,384 free Wi-Fi Bangladesh 218,482 free Wi-Fi Algeria 200,123 free Wi-Fi Spain 191,049 free Wi-Fi Nepal 182,202 free Wi-Fi Show all countries Get the WiFi Map app Download the app now for millions of WiFi hotspots, affordable eSIM mobile data and a network of partner services all over the world. You can help the WiFi Map community grow by adding hotspots in your area. Download for iOS Download for Android Popular questions What is WiFi Map? WiFi Map is an all-in-one app that offers a range of amazing features to help you stay connected no matter where you are in the world. Read more What is Wifi Map Community? WiFi Map is the world's largest WiFi community, dedicated to building a GLOBAL WIRELESS NETWORK to provide free internet access to people around the world. Read more How to connect to a WiFi hotspot? WiFi Map app provides you with detail information about public and private WiFi hotspots that have been added by members of WiFi Map community. Read more Why are there no WiFi hotspots nearby? WiFi Map is an app where people from all over the world voluntarily share information about available WiFi locations to help each other quickly find FREE internet access. Read more Why isn't my neighbor's WiFi in the app? WiFi Map is not supposed to detect WiFi hotspots. The app shows you information about public and private WiFI locations that have been added by WiFi Map community. Read more What is $WIFI and how can it be used? $WIFI is the name of WiFi Map's very own utility token, also known as a digital currency. It allows us to reward our millions of contributors and give them access to the premium WiFi Map services. Read more What is WiFi Map’s Airdrop? Airdrop is WiFi Map app's events. We’re rewarding contributors who help to expand the WiFi network with the new $WIFI token. Read more What is WiFi Map Referral Program? Our referral program gives you the chance to earn $WIFI tokens while helping your friends save on their eSIM purchases. Read more Online map Blog Help center WiFi Map LLC © 2025 All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy policy Delete account English Languages English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch Türkçe Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Dutch Tiếng Việt Enter a CITY to find WiFi Global eSIM WiFi Finder $WiFi Wallet Blog Help center Follow us English Download for Android Languages English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch Türkçe Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Dutch Tiếng Việt