Fast Internet, TV, Phone & Mobile Services | Wightman Telecom Residential Business Careers Billing Login My Wightman About Us Support 24/7 1-877-327-4440 Internet Column 1 Internet Packages Column 2 Whole Home Wi-Fi Add-on Fibre to the Home Add Basic TV Add Basic TV to your Internet for only $19.95! Starting at $19.95/mo Sign-up Today TV Column 1 TV Packages Column 2 TV Listings Free Previews Community Channel Add Basic TV Add Basic TV to your Internet for only $19.95! Starting at $19.95/mo Sign-up Today Phone Column 1 Phone Packages Column 2 Long Distance Plans Add Basic TV Add Basic TV to your Internet for only $19.95! Starting at $19.95/mo Sign-up Today Mobile Column 1 Mobile Packages Column 2 Devices Commitment to Accessibility Add Basic TV Add Basic TV to your Internet for only $19.95! Starting at $19.95/mo Sign-up Today Support Column 1 General Support Column 2 Internet Support TV Support Phone Support Mobility Support Column 3 Outages & Alerts My Wightman Support Add Basic TV Add Basic TV to your Internet for only $19.95! Starting at $19.95/mo Sign-up Today Sign-up Today Support 24/7 1-877-327-4440 Internet Internet Packages Whole Home Wi-Fi Add-on Fibre to the Home Add Basic TV Add Basic TV to your Internet for only $19.95! Starting at $19.95/mo Sign-up Today TV TV Packages TV Listings Free Previews Community Channel Add Basic TV Add Basic TV to your Internet for only $19.95! Starting at $19.95/mo Sign-up Today Phone Phone Packages Long Distance Plans Add Basic TV Add Basic TV to your Internet for only $19.95! Starting at $19.95/mo Sign-up Today Mobile Mobile Packages Devices Commitment to Accessibility Add Basic TV Add Basic TV to your Internet for only $19.95! Starting at $19.95/mo Sign-up Today Support General Support Internet Support TV Support Phone Support Mobility Support Outages & Alerts My Wightman Support Add Basic TV Add Basic TV to your Internet for only $19.95! Starting at $19.95/mo Sign-up Today Careers About Us My Wightman Sign Up Support - 1-877-327-4440 Residential Experience local and reliable connectivity you can trust Fast, reliable internet, phone, TV, and mobility for home or business. Enjoy local support in just 13 seconds. Sign-up Today Uninterrupted Connections, Every Room, Every Time! Sign Up for 1 Gbps Internet and Get Whole Home Wi-Fi FREE for a limited time! Learn More Experience entertainment like never before From thrilling dramas to heart warming comedies, explore a vast library of channels that cater to your every mood when you subscribe to Wightman TV today. Learn More Pause What are you looking for today? Internet TV Whole Home Wi-Fi Phone Mobility Support At Wightman, we always put you first Our focus is on delivering seamless, secure, and customized connectivity, ensuring that every interaction is reliable and tailored to meet your unique needs. Sign-up Today We don’t believe in bots; reach a live rep in 13.3 seconds It takes just 13.3 seconds on average to connect with a live, local representative, ready to meet your needs. Sign-up Today Experience true value with transparent pricing With us, what you see is what you get. We pride ourselves on transparency, ensuring you receive exactly what you pay for—no hidden fees, no surprises. Sign-up Today We’re committed to our community Being a local company means that you are one of us! We deeply value our roots and are dedicated to reinvesting in the community that sustains us. Learn More At Wightman, we always put you first Our focus is on delivering seamless, secure, and customized connectivity, ensuring that every interaction is reliable and tailored to meet your unique needs. Sign-up Today We don’t believe in bots; reach a live rep in 13.3 seconds It takes just 13.3 seconds on average to connect with a live, local representative, ready to meet your needs. Sign-up Today Experience true value with transparent pricing With us, what you see is what you get. We pride ourselves on transparency, ensuring you receive exactly what you pay for—no hidden fees, no surprises. Sign-up Today We’re committed to our community Being a local company means that you are one of us! We deeply value our roots and are dedicated to reinvesting in the community that sustains us. Learn More At Wightman, we always put you first Our focus is on delivering seamless, secure, and customized connectivity, ensuring that every interaction is reliable and tailored to meet your unique needs. Sign-up Today We don’t believe in bots; reach a live rep in 13.3 seconds It takes just 13.3 seconds on average to connect with a live, local representative, ready to meet your needs. Sign-up Today Experience true value with transparent pricing With us, what you see is what you get. We pride ourselves on transparency, ensuring you receive exactly what you pay for—no hidden fees, no surprises. Sign-up Today We’re committed to our community Being a local company means that you are one of us! We deeply value our roots and are dedicated to reinvesting in the community that sustains us. Learn More Perks of being local Prompt and efficient customer service Connect with a rep in as little as 13.3 seconds. You wouldn’t get this with the big guys. Talk to real people. No bots here Always talk to a live person whether over the phone or in the chat box. Get connected with a local rep Speak to someone who lives in the same town to provide the best solutions. Best service in rural areas Our success is tied to the satisfaction of our community. We only want what’s best! Switching to Wightman is simple STEP 1 Check availability Enter your postal code and find out if Wightman is available in your home. STEP 2 Choose your services Explore your options and find the perfect plan that fits your lifestyle! STEP 3 Connect Sign up online, call us, or visit one of our locations. Switch Today! Level up on your internet speed Enter your postal code to find packages catered to you Check Availability Please enter a 6-digit postal code and try again. Not sure how much speed you need? Check here Basic Save $20/mo Starting at $72.95 /mo $92.95/mo 100 Mbps Download speeds up to 100 Mbps Upload speeds up to 10 Mbps Unlimited usage every month Price guaranteed for 3 years *Wi Fi Router Rental may be required Check
                                                    Availability Most Popular Save $39/mo Starting at $74.95 /mo $113.95/mo 250 Mbps Download speeds up to 250 Mbps Upload speeds up to 20 Mbps Unlimited usage every month Price guaranteed for 3 years *Wi Fi Router Rental may be required Check
                                                    Availability Family Value Save $28.95/mo Starting at $115 /mo $143.95/mo 1 Gig Downloads speeds up to 1 Gig Upload speeds up to 1 Gig Limited Time - Whole Home Wi-Fi FREE! Unlimited usage every month Price guaranteed for 3 years Check
                                                    Availability Discover internet packages Enter your postal code below, and let us find the perfect
                        internet plans available in your area. Check Availability Please enter a 6-digit postal code and try again. What speed do you need? Download speed Recommended use 100 Mbps Up to 100 Mbps A smooth experience for HD streaming, moderate gaming, and multiple devices creates a sense of confidence and comfort, with fewer interruptions and reliable performance 250 Mbps Up to 250 Mbps Excellent for demanding tasks such as 4K streaming, online gaming, and heavy multitasking. Supports multiple devices with ease. 1 Gig 1 Gig speed up and down Perfect for very high-demand usage, including multiple simultaneous 4K streams, extensive gaming and smart homes with numerous connected devices. Fibre to the home With our fibre-to-the-home service, you can enjoy fast speeds without any shared connections. Experience uninterrupted, high-speed internet with no lag or downtime, ensuring a smooth and reliable online experience. Upgrade to Fibre Check for Fibre in your area Discover how our fibre network can enhance your connectivity experience with clear and reliable service tailored to your needs. Check Availability Never miss your favourite shows Build your perfect TV package. Pick and choose the channels you love! Basic Package Starting at $29.95 / mo Major North American Networks Local News & Information Wightman Community TV Wightman Rotary Bingo UPick Starting at $10.95 / mo Only pay for the channels you watch Choose up to 20 channels you like See All Channel Packages We are dedicated to giving back to the community that nurtures us Explore our initiatives and see how our generous sponsorships create meaningful change in your community. Learn More We strengthen our community by supporting one another You always come first Serving our community isn’t just what we do—it’s our passion and our top priority. We’re dedicated to offering the highest quality service because we care about the people we serve. Learn More Save by bundling your services Enjoy exceptional connectivity while benefiting from saving $9.95 on your monthly bill, ensuring you get the best value without compromising on quality. Start Saving Now Add Basic TV & save Enjoy Basic TV with your Internet for only $19.95 ! Basic TV includes the following: – Major North American Networks – Local News & Information – Wightman Community TV – Wightman Rotary Bingo Add Basic TV & Save Today! Talk to us Reach out to our team to discuss your connectivity needs and discover how we can provide tailored solutions that fit your lifestyle and budget. Contact Us We’ve got so much more to give Business Fibre Bundles Channels Devices About Us We’re here when you need us most. Reach us 24/7. Whether you have a question or need troubleshooting, we’re committed to ensuring your experience is smooth and hassle-free. Get Support Run Speed Test We’re just a call away Customer Service [email protected] 1-888-477-2177 Mon – Fri: 8AM – 7PM Sat: 9AM – 3PM Technical Support 1-877-327-4440 24/7 365 days a year Corporate Address 100 Elora St. North PO BOX 70 Clifford, ON N0G 1MO Contact Us Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Residential Internet Phone TV Mobility Fibre to the Home Business Internet Phone TV Mobility Fibre to the Business Web Hosting Support Support Internet Support TV Support Mobility Support Phone Support My Wightman Webmail Manage Account Voicemail Legal & Privacy Legal Documents Privacy Policy Share a Concern Accessibility About Us About Sponsorships Events Careers Contact Us