Pricing
Extensions
About
Contact us
Signin
Beyond
quick answer|

AI-driven contextual learning with Wikipedia

English
Learn more
Transform Wikipedia.
Discover more, in less time.
All of Wikipedia articles
Intelligent search
Timelines
Maps and nearby places
Dictionary
Top questions
Quotes
Know what to ask

Wikiwand’s Top Questions give you a lightning-fast, accurate, and complete story alongside every Wikipedia article.

Composed directly from the article’s body, rich with summaries and references. Never miss a key point—learn faster and deeper.

Try it now
TOP QUESTIONS
AI GENERATED
List the top facts about John Wilkes Booth
Summarize this article
What is the most intriguing fact about John Wilkes Booth?

One of the most intriguing facts about John Wilkes Booth is that he was a noted actor who used his celebrity status to gain access to Ford's Theatre , where he ultimately assassinated President Abraham Lincoln , believing that this act would create chaos that could aid the Confederate cause.

When did Booth assassinate Abraham Lincoln?
What motivated Booth to kill Lincoln?
How did Booth escape after the assassination?
Who were Booth's accomplices in the assassination plot?
What are common theories about Booth's motivations?
Abraham Lincoln was an American lawyer, politician, and statesman who served as the 16th president of the United States from 1861 until his assassination in 1865. He led the United States through the American Civil War, defending the nation as a constitutional union, defeating the insurgent Confederacy, playing a major role in the abolition of slavery, expanding the power of the federal government, and modernizing the U.S. economy.
Stories, over time

Every article with chronological events will feature a timeline—some stories are best told from start to finish.

Wikiwand’s intelligence captures the best parts of any person, world event, or place, threading them into a story that reveals the big picture, one point at a time.

Try it now
TIMELINE
AI GENERATED
21 AUGUST 1986
Usain St. Leo Bolt was born in Sherwood Content, Jamaica.
2001
Bolt won his first annual high school championships medal, taking silver in the 200 metres.
Bolt clocked a personal best of 48.28 seconds in the 400 metres at the CARIFTA Games.
Bolt made his first appearance at the IAAF World Youth Championships in Debrecen, Hungary.
2002
Bolt received the IAAF Rising Star Award for his performance in athletics.
2003
Bolt won four gold medals at the CARIFTA Games.
Bolt won another gold at the World Youth Championships.
Bolt competed in his final Jamaican High School Championships.
2004
Bolt turned professional in athletics under coach Fitz Coleman.
Ask anything

While you browse Wikipedia, have a copilot that understands what you’re reading.

Wikiwand Chat always begins with the article you're currently viewing, avoiding hallucinations and inaccuracies. If it can’t find an answer within the context, it searches all of Wikipedia—then looks beyond if needed.

Try it now
You
Wikiwand
Ask for knowledge
Your style, your learning journey

Choose your favorite theme, layout, or font. Make Wikipedia your own.

More than Wikipedia

Wikiwand support all of Wikipedia articles, and much more. Browse dictionary definitions from Wiktionary, quotes from Wikiquote and maps for location-based topics. All in hundreds of languages.

Try it now
Wikiwand in your browser!

Seamless Wikipedia browsing. On steroids.

Wikiwand for Chrome
Wikiwand for Edge
Wikiwand for Firefox
Coming soon...
Supercharge your knowledge

Transform your knowledge consumption experience. Pay as you go.

Yearly, SAVE 35% 🔥
Monthly
EXPLORER

For the casual learner

Free

/ Forever

Continue with Explorer
Unlimited access to all Wikimedia content
Advanced design settings on any browser or device
20 free monthly AI credits
20 bookmarked pages
PRO

For everyone!

$5

/ Month $60 billed annually

Upgrade to Pro
Wikiwand AI Pro model
8 themes & dozens of fonts for perfect readability
No ads. Ever.
High-res, translated map tiles
2,000 monthly AI credits
Unlimited bookmarks
RESEARCHER

For the heavy lifter

$12

/ Month $144 billed annually

Upgrade to Researcher
All of Pro features
Access beta features first
Our strongest AI model. Faster, smarter, mad accurate
10,000 monthly AI credits
🙌

Wikiwand is a leading donor to the Wikimedia Foundation, the organization behind Wikipedia, Wiktionary & Wikiquote. Supporting Wikiwand is supporting Wikimedia!

WIKIWAND ❤️ WIKIPEDIA

PRIVACY
TERMS

We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our privacy policy 🍪

Got it