This website uses various technologies, including third-party cookies and codes, to personalize our website functionalities, measure website usage and performance and provide targeting advertising, information about your website visit may be stored or shared with third parties as identified in our Privacy Policy. To learn more and manage cookies, please refer to our Cookie Statement. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Policy

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject Non-Essential
Publish My Work
Research
Teach & Grow
Solutions & Partnerships
About
Insights
Shop
Turning research into lasting impact

Watch three experts discuss how science communication builds trust and drives progress in our new episode of The Conversations.

WATCH FULL EPISODE
THE CONVERSATIONS
Play Video
AI in Research

How is AI transforming the landscape of academic research? We're here to help you navigate this evolution and harness its potential to advance your work.

ExplanAItions 2025: The Evolution Of AI In Research
New AI Guidelines For Researchers
Gift the Joy of Learning

This holiday season, give the gift of knowledge. Explore our collection of books across business, wellness, culinary arts, and more. Shop now and save 20%.

Unwrap Career Success
Cook Up Some Holiday Magic
Give The Gift Of Balance & Peace
AI Insights from the Experts

Discover AI's impact on research and publishing. Watch or listen to the latest Chats episodes now.

The AI Choice: Why Waiting Isn't An Option
Integrating AI Into Research: Practical Insights
AI Literacy, Agents, Peer Review: Insights From The Library
Together with brilliant people across the knowledge ecosystem, we transform knowledge into breakthroughs that matter.
Accelerating research discovery to shape a better future

Wiley Online Library delivers high-impact content across 2000+ journals, 260+ reference works, and 27,000 online books, to fuel research discovery.

EXPLORE NOW
Empowering societies and publishers

Award-winning publishing platforms and services to support societies and publishers across the research lifecycle — from idea to impact.

LEARN MORE
Advancing R&D innovation

Advancing R&D innovation: Empowering R&D teams with premium scientific content and research solutions that drive innovation.

LEARN MORE
Textbooks your way

Get ahead this season with Wiley's textbooks designed to fit needs and budget. Enjoy 150-day rentals, instant digital access, and flexible format options.

LEARN MORE
Haven't found what you're looking for yet?

Check out more solutions built for you.

Partners
Libraries
Corporates
Authors
Educators
Learners

PARTNERS

Drive growth, expand reach, and achieve your goals

Partner with us for tailored business solutions supported by our expertise and resources.

EXPLORE NOW
Societies

Publish your journal with Wiley. Realize your journal’s full potential with our expert guidance across publishing, marketing and sales.

LEARN MORE
Revenue diversification

Discover tailored strategies to boost your presence, engage audiences, and drive growth. From advertising management and career center solutions to licensing and reprints, we’re the growth partner you need.

LEARN MORE
Workflow solutions

Modernize your publishing ecosystem with our all-in-one platform, Research Exchange, for managing pre-prints, submissions, screening and peer review.

LEARN MORE
Shop today

A one-stop shop for textbooks, learning tools, and everyday books that power your success.

Books

Learn, lead, grow, and succeed as a professional with our career and professional development titles, written by the most trusted and reputable authors in their fields.

SHOP NOW
Textbooks

Find all the course materials you need to succeed. Affordable textbook options, your way. Buy print books or access digital formats to rent or buy instantly — budget-friendly solutions tailored to you.

SHOP NOW
Courseware

Take self-paced courses to advance your career and your salary. 

SHOP NOW
Join Wiley

At Wiley, brilliant minds power infinite possibilities. For more than 200 years, our people have transformed knowledge into discoveries that shape the world — and today, they’re driving what’s next in science, education, and publishing. Join a team of innovators, creators, and experts whose impact reaches everywhere. With flexible benefits, a culture of curiosity and collaboration, and limitless opportunities to grow, your talent can achieve breakthroughs that matter.

JOIN WILEY

ABOUT WILEY

Transforming knowledge into impact

We transform knowledge into actionable intelligence – accelerating scientific breakthroughs, supporting learning, and driving innovation that redefines fields and improves lives. Through access to trusted research, data, and AI-powered platforms, we're your partner in a world driven by curiosity and continuous discovery.

LEARN MORE
Publish My Work
Publish My Work
Publish My Article
Open Access
Journal Finder
Author Resources
Editor Resources
Publish My Book
Steps to Publishing Your Book
Resources
Trade Publishing
Research
Research
Social Sciences & Humanities
Life Sciences
Physical Sciences
Health Sciences
Wiley Online Library
Cochrane
Essential Evidence Plus
Wiley Digital Archives
Forward Series
Current Protocols
Sustainable Development Goals Hub
Advanced Portfolio
Wiley Science Solutions
Wiley Analytical Sciences
Ernst & Sohn
Teach & Grow
Teach & Grow
Teach & Learn
Professional Books & Resources
Professional Development & Growth
Student Resources
Exam Guides
Teaching Resources
Textbooks
Courseware
WileyPLUS
Knewton Alta
zyBooks
Trade
Dummies
Services For Professional Development
Solutions & Partnerships
Academic Institutions
Corporates
Government
Hospitals and Healthcare
Societies and Publishers
Solutions & Partnerships
Customer Success Hub
AI Solutions
Academic Libraries
Instructors & Administrators
AI and R&D
Advertising Solutions
Marketing Solutions
Medical Education
Reprints & Licensing
Custom Content
University Hospitals
Independent Practice
National Health Systems
Private Hospitals & Health Systems
Societies & Publishers
Publish Your Journal
Partnership Offerings
Research Exchange
Publishing Services
Partner Communities
Revenue Diversification
Content Discovery
About
About us
AI at Wiley
Careers
Investors
Newsroom
Corporate Responsibility
Contact
Support
Leadership
Shop
Shop
Shop by Subject
Textbooks
Professional Books & Resources
Exam Guides
Courseware
Imprints
Book Stores
My account
My account
Help
Contact Us
Copyright @ 2000-2025 by John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies. All rights reserved, including rights for text and data mining and training of artificial intelligence technologies or similar technologies.
LANGUAGE/LOCATION
RIGHTS & PERMISSIONS
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE
Top