Home | Wiley account apps arrow-down arrow-left arrow-right arrow-up bookmark-filled bookmark calendar check close download edit error expand filter grid-view group hamburger heart history info locked long-arrow-right mail minimize minus open-in-new-tab play plus print refresh schedule search share shopping-bag square-facebook square-instagram square-linkedin square-twitter square-x-twitter square-youtube star three-dots thumb-down thumb-up trash unlocked video visibility-off visibility Publish My Work Research Teach & Grow Solutions & Partnerships About Insights Shop Turning research into lasting impact Watch three experts discuss how science communication builds trust and drives progress in our new episode of The Conversations. Watch Full Episode The Conversations AI in Research How is AI transforming the landscape of academic research? We're here to help you navigate this evolution and harness its potential to advance your work. ExplanAItions 2025: The Evolution of AI in Research New AI Guidelines for Researchers Gift the Joy of Learning This holiday season, give the gift of knowledge. Explore our collection of books across business, wellness, culinary arts, and more. Shop now and save 20%. Unwrap Career Success Cook Up Some Holiday Magic Give the Gift of Balance & Peace AI Insights from the Experts Discover AI's impact on research and publishing. Watch or listen to the latest Chats episodes now. The AI Choice: Why Waiting isn't an Option Integrating AI into Research: Practical insights AI Literacy, Agents, Peer Review: Insights from the Library Together with brilliant people across the knowledge ecosystem, we transform knowledge into breakthroughs that matter. Accelerating research discovery to shape a better future Wiley Online Library delivers high-impact content across 2000+ journals, 260+ reference works, and 27,000 online books, to fuel research discovery. Explore now Empowering societies and publishers Award-winning publishing platforms and services to support societies and publishers across the research lifecycle — from idea to impact. Learn more Advancing R&D innovation Advancing R&D innovation: Empowering R&D teams with premium scientific content and research solutions that drive innovation. Learn more Textbooks your way Get ahead this season with Wiley's textbooks designed to fit needs and budget. Enjoy 150-day rentals, instant digital access, and flexible format options. Learn more Haven't found what you're looking for yet? Check out more solutions built for you. Partners Drive growth, expand reach, and achieve your goals Partner with us for tailored business solutions supported by our expertise and resources. Explore now Societies Publish your journal with Wiley. Realize your journal’s full potential with our expert guidance across publishing, marketing and sales. Learn more Revenue diversification Discover tailored strategies to boost your presence, engage audiences, and drive growth. From advertising management and career center solutions to licensing and reprints, we’re the growth partner you need. Learn more Workflow solutions Modernize your publishing ecosystem with our all-in-one platform, Research Exchange, for managing pre-prints, submissions, screening and peer review. Learn more Librarians Enhance research with flexible subscriptions Empower your institution with customizable solutions that enhance discovery, collaboration, and fuel scientific progress. Explore now Academic institutions Access 1,700+ journals, backfiles, and digital archives through Wiley's academic library solutions. Learn more Corporate information centers Find high-quality, validated scientific content that supports your organization’s R&D needs. Learn more Hospitals and healthcare Access evidence-based medical content for hospitals, healthcare systems, and practices. Improve patient care with Wiley's trusted resources. Learn more Corporates Unlock the full potential of scientific publishing Whether you're driving innovation in R&D, connecting with key audiences, or creating educational content that makes a difference, Wiley's comprehensive solutions help you achieve your goals with confidence and credibility. Explore now AI and research development Fuel your R&D breakthroughs with Wiley's trusted scientific content and tailored research solutions. Access cutting-edge journals, databases, and tools designed to inspire innovation and support your team's success. Learn more Marketing and media solutions Find all the course materials you need to succeed. Affordable textbook options, your way. Buy print books or access digital formats to rent or buy instantly — budget-friendly solutions tailored to you. Learn more Custom content solutions Leverage Wiley's world-renowned publishing capabilities to create impactful educational materials and co-branded content that resonates with your audience and drives your business forward. Learn more Authors Reach your target audience with your work Learn more about what it’s like to publish your book or research article with Wiley. Explore now Publish with AI, responsibly Follow our author guidelines to ensure ethical and transparent AI use in your work. Learn more Books Turn your book idea into reality. Wiley provides expert guidance and personalized support to help you publish your book and reach readers worldwide. Learn more Research articles Ready to publish your research? Wiley offers tools and guidance for your publishing journey, from finding the right journal for your manuscript to promoting your work. Learn more Educators Enhance teaching effectiveness and student outcomes Discover comprehensive instructor resources including textbooks, courseware, and digital tools. Explore now Textbooks Explore textbooks for all your higher education needs. Enhanced e-textbooks with multimedia features available in multiple subjects. Learn more Courseware Access our courseware products to enhance your teaching methods and improve student engagement and outcomes. Flexible, proven solutions across 20+ subjects including business, STEM, and health sciences. Learn more Inclusive access Provide instant digital access to trusted course materials. Help every student come to class prepared and ready to learn. Learn more Learners School is back! Get the materials you need, how you want them. Access textbooks, courses, and study materials across multiple subjects to ace this semester. Learn more Level up your skills From study hacks to business smarts, explore books that help you grow. Learn more Dummies for the college-bound Adulting new to you? We have a book for that. Cooking? Yes, that too. Learn more WileyPLUS No more guessing if you're studying the right material. WileyPLUS shows you exactly what you need to review based on your own performance. Learn more Shop today A one-stop shop for textbooks, learning tools, and everyday books that power your success. Books Learn, lead, grow, and succeed as a professional with our career and professional development titles, written by the most trusted and reputable authors in their fields. Shop now Textbooks Find all the course materials you need to succeed. Affordable textbook options, your way. Buy print books or access digital formats to rent or buy instantly — budget-friendly solutions tailored to you. Shop now Courseware Take self-paced courses to advance your career and your salary. Shop now Join Wiley At Wiley, brilliant minds power infinite possibilities. For more than 200 years, our people have transformed knowledge into discoveries that shape the world — and today, they’re driving what’s next in science, education, and publishing. Join a team of innovators, creators, and experts whose impact reaches everywhere. With flexible benefits, a culture of curiosity and collaboration, and limitless opportunities to grow, your talent can achieve breakthroughs that matter. Join Wiley About Wiley Transforming knowledge into impact We transform knowledge into actionable intelligence – accelerating scientific breakthroughs, supporting learning, and driving innovation that redefines fields and improves lives. Through access to trusted research, data, and AI-powered platforms, we're your partner in a world driven by curiosity and continuous discovery. Learn more Publish My Work Publish My Work Publish My Article Open Access Journal Finder Author Resources Editor Resources Publish My Book Steps to Publishing Your Book Resources Trade Publishing Research Research Social Sciences & Humanities Life Sciences Physical Sciences Health Sciences Wiley Online Library Cochrane Essential Evidence Plus Wiley Digital Archives Forward Series Current Protocols Sustainable Development Goals Hub Advanced Portfolio Wiley Science Solutions Wiley Analytical Sciences Ernst & Sohn Teach & Grow Teach & Grow Teach & Learn Professional Books & Resources Professional Development & Growth Student Resources Exam Guides Teaching Resources Textbooks Courseware WileyPLUS Knewton Alta zyBooks Trade Dummies Services For Professional Development Solutions & Partnerships Academic Institutions Corporates Government Hospitals and Healthcare Societies and Publishers Solutions & Partnerships Customer Success Hub AI Solutions Academic Libraries Instructors & Administrators AI and R&D Advertising Solutions Marketing Solutions Medical Education Reprints & Licensing Custom Content University Hospitals Independent Practice National Health Systems Private Hospitals & Health Systems Societies & Publishers Publish Your Journal Partnership Offerings Research Exchange Publishing Services Partner Communities Revenue Diversification Content Discovery About About us AI at Wiley Careers Investors Newsroom Corporate Responsibility Contact Support Leadership Shop Shop Shop by Subject Textbooks Professional Books & Resources Exam Guides Courseware Imprints Book Stores My account My account Help Contact Us Copyright @ 2000-2025 by John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies. All rights reserved, including rights for text and data mining and training of artificial intelligence technologies or similar technologies. LANGUAGE/LOCATION RIGHTS & PERMISSIONS PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE