Willdesk: All-in-one customer service tool for Ecommerce Privacy Preference Center We use cookies and similar technologies to improve your experience. Please choose which cookies you'd like to accept: Strictly necessary cookies Required BrandId Duration: 7 days Records your brand ID for the "Remember me" functionality to enable automatic login and maintain your session across visits. Email Duration: 7 days Stores your email address for the "Remember me" functionality to provide seamless login experience. Password Duration: 7 days Stores encrypted password information for the "Remember me" functionality to enable secure automatic authentication. Shop Duration: 7 days Stores your Shopify store domain to maintain store-specific settings and configurations. Statistics Cookies 7 cookies _ga Duration: 2 years We use Google Analytics to help measure how users interact with our Services and improve user experience. _ga_HG1XMT6YBY Duration: 6 months to 1 year We use Google Analytics to help measure how users interact with our Services and improve user experience. bl_uid Duration: 6 months to 1 year We use Microsoft Clarity to help measure how users interact with our Services and improve user experience through behavior analysis and session tracking. clck Duration: 6 months to 1 year We use Microsoft Clarity to help measure how users interact with our Services and improve user experience through behavior analysis and session tracking. clsk Duration: 6 months to 1 year We use Microsoft Clarity to help measure how users interact with our Services and improve user experience through behavior analysis and session tracking. lr_hb* Duration: 1 day We use Alibaba Cloud monitoring services to monitor the health and stability of the Willdesk system, ensuring reliable service performance. lr_tabs* Duration: 1 day We use Alibaba Cloud monitoring services to monitor the health and stability of the Willdesk system, ensuring reliable service performance. We value your privacy This website uses essential cookies to ensure proper operation and tracking cookies to understand how you interact with it. Learn more Customize Reject All Accept All Skip to content Sign in Sign in Free Trial Free Trial Products Resources Pricing Main Menu Products Resources Pricing Win Customer Satisfaction and Streamline Complex Support Tasks Enable your support team to automate repetitive tasks, personalize interactions, and provide an outstanding experience that wows customers. Start Free Trusted by 30,000 the world’s most innovative Shopify brands Experience seamless ticket management with automated cruise control Automatically prioritize, assign, and categorize incoming tickets, fostering collaboration and teamwork. This streamlined process optimizes support operations, let agents to focus on addressing critical tickets and enhancing customer satisfaction, ultimately converting tickets into sales. Lightning-fast resolutions for a wow-worthy support experience Boost engagement and conversions with automated chatbots: FAQs, Autoresponders, Product recommendations, Discount codes. Effortless track orders via self-branded widget, no extra integration needed. Unified Customer Channels on One Platform Unlock Omnichannel availability without added costs. Provide responsive service 24/7 on Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, Email, Live Chat, and  beyond, across multiple storefronts. No extra hiring required thanks to automated responders. Utilize customer insights to deliver highly personalized service Seamlessly integrate with Shopify for effortless customer support. Consolidate order history, loyalty status, subscriptions, and more into easily accessible customer profiles. Equip your team with comprehensive user information and tags for personalized responses, No more tab switching. Discover how business grow with Willdesk Learn how teams of all sizes are using Willdesk’s Customer Support platform to automate, manage, track, grow. Enhance your entire Customer Experience Journey with Willdesk Check out more features > Helpdesk Simplify back-office collaboration Turn customer requests into tickets Organize work across all channels Offer Personalized Customer Context Get Started > Live Chat Solve multiple conversations from anywhere Faster answers, consistent experience Self-service & Proactive Chat Never lose a conversation Get Started > Chatbot Streamline shopping: Offer discounts, track order Custom Chatbot workflow in minutes, code free Triage conversations automatically Autoresponder bots based on keywords Get Started > Provide you with stable and reliable service 1+billion User traffic A strong and stable system supports high concurrency. 30000+ customers We help over 30,000 eCommerce grow better and counting. 24/7 support Our support team has strong technical knowledge to help you. GDPR compliance We are GDPR compliant to protect data and privacy in Europe. ISO 27001 certification The world’s most rigorous standards for managing information security and privacy. Upgrade your support experience today! More than 30,000 Shopify businesses delight their customers with Willdesk Start Free Explore Our Brands Turn your customer service into a profit center with Willdesk, designed to maximize sales and efficiency while delivering exceptional service. Products Trustoo.io Etranslate ParcelPanel SEOAnt Dropshipman Koala Inspector Resources Help Center Contact Us Willdesk Privacy Policy Terms of Service Status Page Stay in the loop Join our mailing list to stay in the loop with our newest product updates and discounts Products Trustoo.io Etranslate ParcelPanel SEOAnt Dropshipman Koala Inspector Resources Help Center Willdesk Privacy Policy Terms of Service Status Page Stay in the loop Join our mailing list to stay in the loop with our newest product updates and discounts Copyright @2024 Willdesk Scroll to Top