Skip to main content
Microsoft
Windows
About Windows Get Windows Shop PCs Get help For business
All Microsoft
Sign in to your account
Welcome to Windows
Meet the computer you can talk to

Speak, see, create with Copilot on Windows. Now with AI-powered tools, Windows 11 is the best version yet.

Meet Windows 11
Continue to business version
Find a PC that meets your needs
View Copilot+ PCs
View laptops
View desktop computers
View gaming PCs
View 2-in-1s
What’s new in Windows 11

Windows 11 is more powerful than ever. Discover the latest features to help you be productive, creative, and more.

A new AI era begins

Step into a new era of AI-powered Windows computers with your very own Copilot+ PC. The fastest, most intelligent Windows PCs ever.

Learn more 
Sync your phone and PC

With Microsoft Phone Link, you can make calls, reply to texts, and check your phone’s notifications—all from your PC.

Learn more 
Explore Windows 11 features

Access AI from your fingertips with optimal performance at the ready. Embrace Windows 11 features to secure and refine your digital life.

Meet Windows 11
Smart security

Before you even start your PC, Windows 11 is at work. Safeguard your device from phishing, network, and cyber-attacks.

Learn more 
Windows 11 works how you work

Write with your own voice and adapt your digital experience to your unique audio and visual needs. Windows 11 OS is made for you, and for the things you love.

Learn more 
Gaming never looked so good

Immerse yourself in a cinematic gaming experience with next-level performance, smoother graphics, and natural lighting. Play next-gen and classic games online with Windows 11.

Learn more 
Creativity meets intelligence

Use AI to focus on the moments that matter most. Edit your photos and videos with Windows 11.

Learn more 
Start your Windows 11 journey

Get the help you need to make your switch to Windows 11 simple and start enjoying all that Windows has to offer.

How to shop

Laptop buying guide
Learn more 

Transfer your data

Windows Backup
Learn more 

Get the right help

Windows Support
Learn more 
Screens simulated, subject to change. Features and app availability may vary by region.
1 Windows can back up files, settings, and apps from PCs running Windows 10 and higher. Restore is available on Windows 11, version 22H2 and higher. Geographic restrictions may apply.
2 Requires Microsoft account. Up to 5 GB of Microsoft Storage is included. Data transfers exceeding 5 GB require an active Microsoft subscription or trial.
3 When you open apps for the first time on your new Windows 11 PC, some will reinstall when you first open them. Other apps may require you to reinstall them manually from the original app provider.
4 Using Windows Backup to restore to a Windows 11 PC requires you to sign in during initial computer setup with the same Microsoft account you used for Windows 10 PC backup.
Follow Microsoft Windows
Share this page
What's new
Surface Pro
Surface Laptop
Surface Laptop Studio 2
Copilot for organizations
Copilot for personal use
AI in Windows
Explore Microsoft products
Windows 11 apps
Microsoft Store
Account profile
Download Center
Microsoft Store support
Returns
Order tracking
Certified Refurbished
Microsoft Store Promise
Flexible Payments
Education
Microsoft in education
Devices for education
Microsoft Teams for Education
Microsoft 365 Education
How to buy for your school
Educator training and development
Deals for students and parents
AI for education
Business
Microsoft Cloud
Microsoft Security
Dynamics 365
Microsoft 365
Microsoft Power Platform
Microsoft Teams
Microsoft 365 Copilot
Small Business
Developer & IT
Azure
Microsoft Developer
Microsoft Learn
Support for AI marketplace apps
Microsoft Tech Community
Microsoft Marketplace
Marketplace Rewards
Visual Studio
Company
Careers
About Microsoft
Company news
Privacy at Microsoft
Investors
Diversity and inclusion
Accessibility
Sustainability
English (United States)
Your Privacy Choices
Consumer Health Privacy
Sitemap Contact Microsoft Privacy Terms of use Trademarks Safety & eco Recycling About our ads © Microsoft 2025