Windows Report - Your go-to source for PC tutorials Skip to content Menu Trending Best W11 Antivirus 2025 PC Maintenance Tools Repair Corrupt System Files Troubleshooting Guides Common Errors Tech Tutorials Reviews Apps & Programs Browsers About our team & mission Contact us Careers Follow us Facebook Twitter YouTube Windows Report - Time-saving software and hardware expertise that helped 500MM+ PC users. Guiding you with how-to advice, news and tips to upgrade your tech life. Upgrade your tech life with how-to advice, news and tips. 100M+ annual readers 75M+ problems solved 8000+ tech guides $2.5M+ saved on offers News Next Xbox & PS6 Could Be Delayed Further Due to RAM Shortage News Microsoft’s Canceled Andromeda OS Lives Again on Surface Duo After Years News Lenovo Reportedly Updating Legion Go Handhelds With Xbox Full Screen Experience Optimizations Subscribe to Updates Get the latest tech news delivered to your inbox Follow on Google News Add as a preferred news source The Elder Scrolls 6 Reportedly Still Years Away, New Release Window Emerges If you’re still hoping to step back into Tamriel anytime soon, there is some bad news for you. A new report suggests that The Elder… Rishaj Upadhyay Dec 30, 2025 Next Xbox & PS6 Could Be Delayed Further Due to RAM Shortage If you’ve been expecting the PlayStation 6 or the next Xbox to release around 2027 or 2028, this news might not please you. A new… Rishaj Upadhyay Dec 30, 2025 Meta Buys Much-Hyped AI Startup, Manus, In A Deal More Than $2 Billion Meta appears to be serious about where it’s heading with artificial intelligence (AI). The tech giant has officially acquired Manus, a Singapore-based AI startup that… Rishaj Upadhyay Dec 30, 2025 Microsoft’s Canceled Andromeda OS Lives Again on Surface Duo After Years Microsoft’s long-lost dual-screen phone vision has quietly come back to life. Here, we’re talking a canceled version of Windows designed specifically for foldable phones. The… Rishaj Upadhyay Dec 30, 2025 Lenovo Reportedly Updating Legion Go Handhelds With Xbox Full Screen Experience Optimizations Microsoft’s new Xbox Full Screen Experience (FSE) is making its way to handheld gaming PCs, but not all devices will see it at the same… Rishaj Upadhyay Dec 29, 2025 Sony to Reveal January 2026 PlayStation Plus Lineup With PS5-First Approach In our report from earlier today, we covered that PS Plus Essential is set to get some game drops for January 2026, whereas four games… Rishaj Upadhyay Dec 29, 2025 Microsoft Quietly Kills the Chrome Web Store Extension Control in Edge Since its Chromium launch, Microsoft Edge has supported extensions from the Chrome Web Store, but only after users enabled a visible control in settings called… Venkat Dec 29, 2025 Stranger Things Upside Down DLC Lands in Minecraft Earlier this month, Netflix and Microsoft collaborated to bring the Stranger Things 5 crossover to Microsoft Flight Simulator 2024. Now, Netflix and Minecraft are teaming… Rishaj Upadhyay Dec 29, 2025 Rockstar Could Kick Off GTA 6 Marketing Campaign in May 2026 GTA 6 has to be one of the biggest projects in the gaming industry that has seen multiple delays. The game was originally planned to… Rishaj Upadhyay Dec 29, 2025 Ubisoft Rolls Back Rainbow Six Siege Servers After Massive Hack Over The Weekend If you are Rainbow Six Siege fan, you must be aware of the major issue many players faced over the weekend. Ubisoft, as a result,… Rishaj Upadhyay Dec 29, 2025 Load more Follow us Facebook Twitter YouTube Col 1 Microsoft Tips Office 365 – Insights Understanding Teams Outlook Simplified Microsoft Copilot Col 2 Hardware Laptops & Accessories Windows 11 PCs Xbox Gear Innovative Gear Col 3 Gaming Latest Releases Steam Guides Benchmark Tools All-in-one Emulators Col 4 Security & Privacy Antivirus Guides Protect your Data Anti-hacking Software Email Encryption Privacy Policy Company News