Wingbits: Live & Historical ADS-B Flight Data Solutions _ Map _ Buy Data _ Join us and earn _ Learn Sign In Data the sky depends on Wingbits is the world's most innovative, fully encrypted flight tracking network, providing unique insights and analysis. Get started in minutes and test our data for free with your personal dashboard. Get free data trial Contact us Transforming Flight Tracking Our partners & collaborators Explore the sky, in real time. Access precise flight paths, positions, and performance data—all in one powerful map. Explore the sky, in real time. Access precise flight paths, positions, and performance data—all in one powerful map. Click to explore map From millions of commercial flights to supply chain and defence, our global network and community captures every journey from take-off to landing. Elevated PASSIVE INCOME Track flights and earn rewards Set up your ADS-B antenna and join the world’s fastest growing flight tracking community Get Hardware Live & historical data Access ADS-B data instantly Tap into the Wingbits Network and get high-quality flight tracking data. Live flight data Connect to real-time data ingested by the global network Discover live data View pricing Historical flight data Access historical data available in multiple file formats Explore historical data Get data sample Need custom data? Speak with our specialists Why wingbits Committed to enhancing aviation safety and efficiency. Most Accurate Flight Data With the only proof-of-location tech in the market, our network offers an unmatched GPS accuracy, offering an unmatched level of precision and reliability. Highest Security Standards All data is cryptographically signed, ensuring it can be traced back to a specific device. This guarantees the tamper-proof authenticity of data. Exclusive Data Sources Over 90% of our stations are exclusive to our network, with participants running specialized hardware. This means fresh, unique data and locations, enhancing your existing sources. Optimized Coverage Globally No more reliance on unpaid volunteers. Our fast-growing community is rewarded for optimizing their antenna placement and providing data from high-demand or blind-spot regions, ensuring strategic coverage for customers. Most Accurate Flight Data With the only proof-of-location tech in the market, our network offers an unmatched GPS accuracy, offering an unmatched level of precision and reliability. Highest Security Standards All data is cryptographically signed, ensuring it can be traced back to a specific device. This guarantees the tamper-proof authenticity of data. Exclusive Data Sources Over 90% of our stations are exclusive to our network, with participants running specialized hardware. This means fresh, unique data and locations, enhancing your existing sources. Optimized Coverage Globally No more reliance on unpaid volunteers. Our fast-growing community is rewarded for optimizing their antenna placement and providing data from high-demand or blind-spot regions, ensuring strategic coverage for customers. More about us Industry-first innovation Built for the Aviation Industry Superior solutions supporting every team who relies on ADS-B data. 01 Airports Operations department, Aviation Noise & Environment impact analysis, Flight & Surface Tracking 02 Analysts & Consultants Aviation safety, Hedge Funds, Quant Funds, Macroeconomic research, Aviation research focused universities, Aviation Planners 03 Fleet operators Airlines, Air Taxis, Charter operators, Charter brokers, Air Cargo/Freight, Drones, eVTOLs 04 Government agencies & contractors ANSPs, Defense, Intelligence, Regulatory Agencies API dashboard Access Live Flight Data Instantly — No Account Manager Needed Start streaming live ADS-B data in minutes. Pick your plan, set up your API key and get instant access. Integrate the most accurate and global ADS-B data with your apps or services. Monitor your usage and stats in real-time. Start free trial View documentation Flexible plans Monthly plans for every scale, from hobby projects to enterprise use. Free Trial Available Start with a 30-day free trial on our Starter plan. Credit card required. Complete Documentation Access comprehensive guides to integrate aviation data. Purpose-Built Innovation Customized ADS-B Hardware Our network is powered by the world's first encrypted ADS-B Flight Tracking Hardware. Learn more Press coverage Read about Wingbits in the press Sustainability Investors Eye Defense Stocks as Geopolitical Tensions Rise Aviation DePIN Network Wingbits Raises $5.6M for Decentralized Flight Tracking Wingbits to Launch Satellite to Boost Flight Tracking Accuracy This Swedish startup wants to pay the flight tracking community using blockchain The app Turn data into growth Speak with a specialist Get data sample Transforming Flight Tracking The world's most innovative flight tracking network. Data services _ Live flight data _ Historical flight data _ Our hardware Company _ About us _ Press + media kit Start free trial Contact sales © Wingbits 2025 _ Privacy policy _ Terms & Conditions _ B2B Terms