We are using the updated UBS Switzerland banking details now! Visit Paying for IP Services for more information.

IMAGE: KERECIS
IP Advantage
Kerecis Fish Skin Graft Technology Revolutionizes Tissue Regeneration

The World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) serves the world’s innovators and creators, ensuring that their ideas travel safely to the market and improve lives everywhere.

Read more about our Organizationarrow_right_alt
Intellectual property is improving the lives of everyone, everywhere

Creators and innovators worldwide use IP to translate their ideas into assets. These properties create economic and social benefits that improve the lives of people everywhere.

Find IP by country

Looking for IP in a specific country?
Find information by country compiled from our many databases.

Country profiles expand_more
Find relevance of IP per industry

How is IP relevant to your industry?
IP is not limited to specific industries,
it’s everywhere.

IP in ... expand_more
Find how IP benefits you

Want to know how IP benefits you?
No matter what you do for a living, IP has benefits for you.

IP for ... expand_more
Find IP and other topics

Want to know how IP links to other topics?
Once you start looking, you’ll find that IP plays a role in everything.

IP and ... expand_more
FEATURED
Celebrating 100 Years of Design Protection
Intellectual property knowledge, data and services are adding value around the globe

Our IP protection services are easy to use and an effective way to get your IP registered across borders. Our data and knowledge resources help create a better understanding of IP. Explore our WIPO Services Directory for more information.

Patents

PCT - The International Patent System

PATENTSCOPE

Trademarks

Madrid - The International Trademark System

Global Brand Database

Industrial Designs

Hague - The International Design System

Global Design Database

Geographical Indications

Lisbon - The International System of Geographical Indications

Lisbon Express Database

IP Dispute Resolution

Mediation

Arbitration

Expert Determination

Domain Name Disputes

IP Insight and Analysis
FEATURED
Global Innovation Index 2025

Innovation at a Crossroads

Bringing people together to help shape the future of intellectual property worldwide

We set IP norms and standards, and serve as a global forum for the exchange of ideas and best practices. Together with our partners, we address complex global challenges in which IP plays an important role.

WIPO Meetings

We unite the global community to proactively address emerging issues and policy challenges to do with IP, innovation and creativity.

We use these meetings to exchange information and experiences that help us create a deeper understanding of emerging and complex IP issues.

FEATURED
Assemblies of WIPO – 2026

67TH SERIES OF MEETINGS (EXTRAORDINARY SESSION) - GENEVA, APRIL 21, 2026

68TH SERIES OF MEETINGS - GENEVA, JULY 7 TO 15, 2026

WIPO GREEN

WIPO GREEN connects the technology and service providers of green technology with those seeking innovative, environmental solutions.

WIPO for Creators

WIPO for Creators is an open public-private partnership between WIPO and the Music Rights Awareness Foundation to create awareness and a better understanding of creators’ rights.

WIPO's ABC

The Accessible Books Consortium helps increase the number of books in accessible format worldwide in support of people who are blind or visually impaired.

WIPO's PAT-INFORMED

The Patent Information Initiative for Medicines (Pat-INFORMED) provides easy access to medicine patent information to the health community worldwide.

Director General
FEATURED
WIPO Director General Pledges Support for Uganda's IP-Driven Economic Growth
Intellectual property is a powerful tool for growth and sustainable development

IP empowers people. It’s an enabler with the means to create jobs, grow enterprises, develop economies and add social vibrancy. We help our Member States use IP to grow and develop.

WIPO Academy

The WIPO Academy is our center of excellence where we educate and upskill WIPO member states on IP. We focus particularly on least-developed countries, developing countries and countries in transition to help build human capacity in IP, which is essential to innovation and creativity.

Sign up for WIPO Academy online, in-person and hybrid courses all year round.

Access the WIPO eLearning Center arrow_right_alt
FEATURED
WIPO Joint Master's Programs in Intellectual Property Law
Inventor Assistance Program

The IAP supports inventors and small businesses with limited resources transform their innovation into commercial assets.

Sustainable Development Goals

Join us on a visual exploration of how WIPO and the SDGs are connected and how IP can drive development and help tackle global challenges.

Technology and Innovation Support Centers

WIPO TISCs gives innovators in developing countries access to high quality technology information and related services.

Development Agenda Projects

The WIPO Development Agenda ensures that development considerations remain an integral part of WIPO’s work.