Wiren Board - Wiren Board About us About us Contacts Partners Integrators News Booklets Jobs Catalog Controllers Extension modules for Wiren Board controllers Sensors Relay modules WB-MR Multi-circuit energy meters Light dimmers Refrigeration Controllers Networking Cards Other devices Components Demo-kit Discontinued WIRENBOARD PRO Price list Solutions Software Wiren Board Cloud Support Documentation Technical support Certificates Purchase terms Warranties 0 Sign in en English Русский en English Русский About us About us Contacts Partners Integrators News Booklets Jobs Catalog Controllers Extension modules for Wiren Board controllers Sensors Relay modules WB-MR Multi-circuit energy meters Light dimmers Refrigeration Controllers Networking Cards Other devices Components Demo-kit Discontinued WIRENBOARD PRO Price list Solutions Software Wiren Board Cloud Support Documentation Technical support Certificates Purchase terms Warranties Programmable Automation Controller Wiren Board 8 Modular Linux-powered controller for automation and monitoring RS-485 Modbus RTU Analog input module WB-MAI6 Supports all common types of temperature sensors, thermocouples, 4-20mA signals, and other standard analog signals Refrigerator network cards WB-REF Connect chests, slide and freezers with Danfoss, Carel and Eliwell controllers to your SCADA or Modbus RTU controller RS-485 Modbus RTU hybrid 8-in-1 wall-mounted sensor WB-MSW v.4 Hybrid digital sensor of temperature, humidity, illumination, noise, CO2 and VOC level, has IR blaster. Designed for climate control in residential and office premises. Product catalog December 22, 2025 The new WB-MGE v.3 is now available We've updated our multiprotocol gateway—it now replaces both the WB-MGE v.2 and WB-MIO-E v.2. November 10, 2025 Gateway WB-MGE v.2 discontinued The old model has been discontinued and replaced by WB-MGE v.3. The new version will be available until the end of November 2025. September 3, 2025 The new WBE2-HDMI expansion module is now available for purchase The WBE2-HDMI module adds an HDMI interface to your Wiren Board 8 controller. Now you can connect a monitor or touch panel to the controller and are no longer limited to application web interfaces. Show more Since 2013 More than 100 different products More than 34000 installations all over the world Our company We develop and produce electronics for industrial and home automation under the brand name Wiren Board. Reliable Wiren Board controllers are used in cases of monitoring server and climate equipment, dispatching and collecting data from metering devices, as the main device for the smart home. Any questions? Please contact us. © 2013−2026 Wiren Board info@wirenboard.com +7 706 430 6619 +49 3046690053 About us About us Contacts Partners Integrators News Booklets Jobs Catalog Controllers Extension modules for Wiren Board controllers Sensors Relay modules WB-MR Multi-circuit energy meters Light dimmers Refrigeration Controllers Networking Cards Other devices Components Demo-kit Discontinued WIRENBOARD PRO Price list Solutions Software Wiren Board Cloud Support Documentation Technical support Certificates Purchase terms Warranties Bookmarks Clear bookmarks You do not have any bookmarks. Basket Clear basket Your basket is empty. Is there a coupon? Checkout Total: $ 0.00 Basket Basket Wiren Board 5 Calculator Total: 0 $ Add to cart Apply Cancel Calculator Legal purchase terms These terms of sale are developed based on the Civil Code of the Republic of Kazakhstan, the Law of the Republic of Kazakhstan "On Consumer Protection," and other regulatory acts. These rules regulate the procedure for retail purchase and sale of goods through the online store, being a public offer addressed to individuals and legal entities ("Buyers"). The Buyer accepts the terms and conditions set out in these terms and conditions by placing an Order on the online store's website. An order is considered properly executed if the Buyer provides the Seller with the following information: Buyer's last name and first name Phone number Delivery address Product name Quantity The Buyer grants the Seller the right to use all personal data transmitted in the Order for the following purposes: Fulfilling obligations to the Buyer Forming and developing a loyalty program Informing Buyers about news from the online store Delivery is carried out through third-party services and is available on weekdays from 9:00 to 18:00. Delivery times depend on the region and range from 1 to 14 business days. Delivery terms include the following: Delivery is without demonstration of the product If the Buyer disagrees with the delivery terms, they may cancel the order at any time before receiving it Delivery costs are charged in case of refusal of the product The Buyer must check the product packaging for damages upon receipt Payment for ordered Products can be made: By bank transfer based on the invoice issued to the Buyer By credit card via a payment link generated for the Buyer Orders are processed on working days from 10:00 to 18:00 Astana time. Orders placed after 18:00 will be processed the next business day. Products of good quality can be returned within 14 days of receipt, provided they have not been used. For returns: The Buyer must email a return request to the Seller's support The refund excludes delivery costs Refunds are processed within 10 days of claim submission The warranty period for the Product is 24 months from the date of shipment. The risk of accidental loss or damage passes to the Buyer at the time of transfer, as confirmed by the Buyer's signature on the delivery documents. Ownership passes upon full payment. The legislation of the Republic of Kazakhstan applies to relations between the Buyer and the Seller. The Seller reserves the right to amend these terms. Changes will be posted on the website at least 7 days before their effective date. The Buyer guarantees they understand and accept all terms unconditionally and in full. All disputes will be resolved through negotiations. If no agreement is reached, disputes will be referred to the arbitration court of Astana.