Cookie Notice
We use cookies on this site. By continuing to browse without changing your browser settings to block or delete cookies, you agree to the UW–Madison Cookie Notice.
ACCEPT COOKIE NOTICE
Skip to main content
University of Wisconsin–Madison
Search People and Pages
Open search
Main Menu
Academics
Admissions & Aid
Student Life
Research
Athletics
About UW
Utility Menu
MyUW
	
LIBRARIES
	
MAP
	
NEWS
	
EVENTS
	
VISIT
	
APPLY
	
JOBS
	
GIVE
Congratulations, graduates!﻿
Key next steps
Visit campus
Apply to UW
Explore majors
Trending on campus
Still/Moving

UW–Madison’s capsule of 2025 in striking images.

Read full story

RESEARCH RANKING
UW top 5 in national research ranking for first time since 2014
COMMENCEMENT
Authentically Badgers: New grads celebrate commencement
FEDERALLY FUNDED RESEARCH
A year of resilience and discovery: Our favorite UW research stories of 2025
THE WISCONSIN EXCHANGE
Inside a public policy classroom that’s teaching students to deliberate, not debate
Read more news
View upcoming events
Our research solves mysteries and transforms lives

UW–Madison is one of the 10 largest research institutions in the country, allocating more than $1 billion annually to groundbreaking exploration. Spanning the humanities to the hard sciences, our vast research enterprise has a singular mission: to better understand ourselves and the world around us.

Research at UW–MadisonWhy protecting research mattersResearch benefitting Wisconsin
More UW–Madison discoveries
Discovering stem cells
Origins of life in South Africa
Cosmic rays at the South Pole
Tomorrow’s Yellowstone
We’re a public university guided by public service

UW–Madison’s longest and proudest tradition is the Wisconsin Idea: the principle that our work should improve people’s lives beyond the boundaries of campus. This century-old guiding philosophy applies to our academics, research, and outreach.

Learn more about the Wisconsin Idea

UW–Madison volunteers paint a classroom mural designed by local artist Lilada Gee at the UW South Madison Partnership community center.
We value a diversity of identities, ideas, and experiences

Diversity is a source of strength, creativity, and innovation for UW–Madison. We value the contributions of each person and respect the profound ways their identity, culture, background, experience, status, abilities, and opinions enrich the university community. We commit ourselves to the pursuit of excellence in teaching, research, outreach, and diversity as inextricably linked goals.

Inclusive Excellence
Multicultural Student Center
We believe that one Badger can change the world

#12
Best public university

#1
Most Peace Corps volunteers

20
Nobel Prize winners

I knew that if I attended medical school at UW-Madison, I would be positioned to give back to rural communities in Wisconsin and help them live healthier lives.
Shane Hoffman, a UW alumnus and first graduate of a UW School of Medicine and Public Health program aimed to address the rural physician shortage

Read Shane's story

Madison, WI: The ultimate college town

This is where big-city opportunities meet small-town conveniences. Where vibrant streetscapes lead to lakeside retreats. Where a Big Ten college and capital city blend together, creating an atmosphere unlike anywhere else. Welcome to Madison.

Tour campus virtuallyExplore Madison in every season
Are you searching for something specific?

This search returns up to five matches as you type. The matches can be found immediately after the search input field.

Search People and Pages
SEARCH
Footer links
Popular
Academic calendar
Campus map
Directory search
Facts and figures
Jobs
Majors and certificates
Tuition and fees
Resources
Alumni
Business and industry
Faculty and staff
International
Parents
Researchers
Students
Quick links
Accessibility
Inclusive Excellence
Free Expression
Governance
Policies
Safety
Support UW
Title IX
Part of the Universities of Wisconsin
Contact us

©2025 Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System| Privacy notice | Feedback, questions or accessibility issues: web.strategiccommunication@wisc.edu