Creator
Brand
About us
Get Started
Become a Wishlink Creator today
SIGN UP
Empowering creators to grow, collaborate and earn

Boost your social media engagement, collaborate with top brands and monetise 100% of your content with Wishlink

Loved by Creators, trusted by Brands

 Join forces with fellow Creators, partner with leading Brands like never before

Unlock the influence and maximize your earnings
Monetize 100%
of your content

Earn unbeatable commissions on every post along with huge rewards and bonuses

Connect and collaborate with 250+ Brands

Partner with leading Brands to earn commissions and unlock paid collaboration opportunities

Boost your
‍social media influence

Amplify engagement, build lasting connections, and watch your followers grow with Wishlink

Experience the ease of instant  
link sharing

Share product links with your audience hassle-free - with just one click

Unlock the power of automated engagement

With Wishlink engage, automate comments and share product links directly in your audience’s DMs

Source products at zero cost

Create content effortlessly with products sourced from leading Brands—without spending a dime

Slide 2 of 6.
Wishlink essentials: tools and features to help you succeed
Zero-Cost Product Sourcing

Procure trending products from 250+ Brands for free and create content with ease

Wishlink Engage

Auto-reply to your audience’s comments and share product links directly over DMs

Personalized Wishlink Shop

Curate all your favorite  recommendations at one place, and make shopping seamless for your audience

A Dashin' Analytics Dashboard

Unlock detailed analytics to track your earnings, identify top-performing content, and plan your next viral post with actionable learnings

Creator Success Team

Get strategic support from our team to create & monetize content effectively, with personalized insights and tailored strategies


Exclusive Wishlink Community

Learn, collaborate & evolve as a Creator in a vibrant, thriving community of 15000+ Creators

Slide 2 of 6.
Discover and explore endless possibilities with Wishlink
Simplified link sharing and boost engagement with
WISHLINK ENGAGE
READ MORE
@thepearshapedstylist
Fashion & Styling Creator
591K Followers
Grow your social media presence and achieve
EXPONENTIAL GROWTH
READ MORE
@anushkahazraa
Fashion & Styling Creator
460K Followers
 Earn massively on your
ORGANIC CONTENT
READ MORE
@simranbalarjain
Lifestyle & Personal Care Creator
1.3M Followers
Join Wishlink and start earning

In just 03 easy steps

Sign up on Wishlink

Complete the OTP process and create your Wishlink account

Link your social media

Connect either your Instagram or YouTube account

Kickstart your earnings

Create your first post, share the link with your audience and begin your earning spree


The love we get from our Creators
Sana Grover
@sanagrover
505k Subscribers

"I’ve been on YouTube for the last 07 years and always wished that there was a platform like Wishlink. It is truly revolutionary as it makes it incredibly simple to share product links in my videos and Instagram DMs. It’s much easier for my audience to shop and for me to share links while monetising. I would highly recommend Wishlink to all Creators!"

Vaibhav Keswani
@pehenawah
625k Followers

"Wishlink has been a game-changer for me as it has opened up a sustainable source of income that perfectly complements my YouTube and Instagram. The seamless way of sharing product links and automating post comments has saved me countless hours, allowing me to focus on creating content. Wishlink is truly a must-have for any Creator looking to grow and monetize their organic content."

Naveli Khatri
@navelikhatri
206k Followers

"Wishlink has revolutionized my content creation! As a fashion content Creator, I'm now earning 2-3L monthly by sharing product links on Instagram stories and posts. Monetizing 100% of my content has never been easier. The best part is Wishlink Engage - it automates comments and sends product links directly to my audience's DMs. Also, Wishlink has played a huge role in my social media growth. I highly recommend it!"

Are you one of them?

We work with Creators big and small, up and comers, trendsetters and market leaders, We look for creators with interesting stories and exceptional content across categories

Fashion
Beauty & Wellness
Home Decor
Lifestyle
Travel
Your launchpad to success!!

Help your followers shop smarter with great product recommendations and earn when they shop from your content. With Wishlink, you can expand your reach, engage a wider audience, and effortlessly manage everything from a single app.

FAQs

Got questions? We've got answers!

How does the Wishlink Creator payout process work?


Creator payout in a month will include all the commissions that get confirmed by the brand in that month and any earnings via rewards and referral program. Payments are processed on the last day of the month and will be in your bank account shortly after.

How does Wishlink help Creators grow?


Struggling with creative block or unsure about profitable content? The Wishlink Creator Success Team guides you through content strategies to fuel your growth and maximise earnings.

Will Brands control my content?

No deadlines or content demands. You’re the boss of your own creative journey.

Do Wishlink Creators receive exclusive Brand information?

Yes, get early alerts on upcoming sales, topical days & more to plan your content better and enhance your revenue.

Can Wishlink’s brand commissions surpass my current collab earnings?

Yes, Wishlink offers a stable, recurring income stream that can complement and even surpass your existing brand collaborations.

Copyright © 2025, All Right Reserved
Creatormon Private Limited
CIN - U74994HR2022PTC100843
‍
4th Floor, Plot No 48, AIHP Executive Centre, Sector 32, Gurugram, Haryana, 122001
Company
For Creators
For Brands
About Us
Resources
Case Studies
Career
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms Of Service
For Brand related querie
info@wishlink.com
For Creator
related queries
support@wishlink.com