We collect, use and store cookies and similar tracking technology via this website, your browser and your device. The information collected may relate to you, your preferences, or your device (including cursor movements, clicks and screen recordings) and is used to make this site work as you expect, and to provide a personalized experience. This technology is used and shared for various purposes such as enhancing and analyzing site navigation and usage, and assisting our advertising and social media efforts, including targeted advertising through third parties. For information about data privacy, refer to our cookie policy and privacy policy. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy PolicyCookie Policy

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject Non-Essential
Products
Solutions
Customers
Pricing
Research
Resources
Verify me
Login
Get a demo

Persona named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Identity Verification

See why we’re positioned highest for Ability to Execute and why we’re ranked 1st across five evaluated Use Cases (Risk Mitigation, Consumer, Accessibility, Data Control, and Automation) in the Critical Capabilities report.

Download the reports

Persona named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Identity Verification Solutions, Q3 2025

See why we received the top score in both the current offering and strategy categories.

Access the report
Adapt your identity operations to every 
regulation
Stay ahead of evolving threats and regulatory changes with a configurable identity platform that adapts to your business needs — from identity verification to KYC/AML, KYB, age assurance or any other use case.
Get a demo
Try it now
Trusted by startups and the world’s largest companies
Solve today’s identity challenges — and those still to come

Use our configurable platform to design identity processes that meet all of your business goals — no compromises needed.

Maximize conversion as you scale
Adapt your identity flows without sacrificing conversion, whether you’re looking to expand to new markets, integrate new verification technology, or comply with new regulations.
Evolve at the speed of fraud
Stay ahead of emerging fraud techniques, like generative AI, with a constantly innovating platform powered by the latest in fraud detection.
Unify your identity processes
Consolidate and manage all your identity data and operations in one platform without adding operational burden — even as you add more data, create new processes, and expand your team.
Granularly control and securely manage PII
Control every aspect of how user PII is processed, stored, retained, and accessed to comply with regional regulations.

Scale faster with modular building blocks

Orchestrate and automate identity across the entire life cycle
Collect
Understand user risk better by dynamically collecting a wide variety of passive, active, and behavioral signals while providing legitimate users best-in-class experiences and deterring fraudsters.
Verify and enrich
Configure our extensive library of global verification methods and risk signals to verify any individual or business. You control enrichment logic and verification decisions — not a black box.
Understand and investigate
Easily spot connections between users to proactively discover and block fraud rings, and streamline investigations with a hyper-customizable manual review hub.
Consolidate and streamline
Centralize your identity data effortlessly within Persona, your source of truth and control center for automating processes and managing everything identity-related.
A solution for every scenario

Design your ideal end-to-end identity flow to convert more users, streamline operations, and combat fraud.

Fraud prevention
Manual review
Trust & safety

KYC/AML compliance

Meet shifting compliance requirements without sacrificing conversion.

Learn more
Know Your Business (KYB)
Age assurance
Reverification
From deepfakes to synthetic faces: detect more AI-based face spoofs

Learn about the powerful enhancements we’ve rolled out behind the scenes to help businesses detect more AI-based face spoofs.

Learn more
Security and privacy at our core

Trust is built on security and privacy. That’s why Persona adheres to the highest industry standards, maintaining compliance and certifications to safeguard you and your customers.

Learn more
Scale where you want, how you want
150+
countries and territories
1+
localized languages
With worldwide coverage, Persona sets the global standard for online identity verification.
Verify your identity
Verifica tu identidad
Vérifiez votre identité
Überprüfen Sie Ihre Identität
Verifica la tua identità
Verifique sua identidade
Verifieer je identiteit
Подтвердите вашу личность
验证您的身份
あなたの身分を確認してください
تحقق من هويتك
Verify your identity
Verifica tu identidad
Vérifiez votre identité
Überprüfen Sie Ihre Identität
Verifica la tua identità
Verifique sua identidade
Verifieer je identiteit
Подтвердите вашу личность
验证您的身份
あなたの身分を確認してください
تحقق من هويتك
See how we help businesses tackle identity’s most complex challenges
OpenAI screens millions of users each month with zero friction
Read more
Coursera scales its global user base and ensures strong academic integrity
Read more
Square Capital automatically verifies PPP loans
Read more
Lime deploys custom age assurance flows to meet international regulations
Read more
Stay informed with the latest from Persona
4 min
Persona named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Identity Verification
Read more
4 week course
Fighting AI-powered fraud: An expert-led course on combating AI-based face spoofs
Download now
12 min
The strategic guide to balancing risk and conversion
Download now
Stop settling, start building

Transform the way you manage identity operations. Schedule a demo and put Persona to the test.

Get a demo
Platform
Dynamic Flow
Flow Editor
Passive signals
Case management
Graph
Workflows
Copilot
Persona Marketplace
Verifications
Government ID
Document AI
Selfie liveness
Selfie recognition
Database checks
Phone & email
Mobile driver’s license
NFC
Risk & screening reports
Watchlists
Adverse media
Profile report
Phone & email risk
Address lookup
Social media lookup
Use cases
AML/KYC compliance
Shareable KYC
Know Your Business (KYB)
Business fraud prevention
Age assurance
Workforce IDV
Background checks
Manual review
Reverification
Industries
Fintech
Marketplaces
Digital health
Payments
Cryptocurrency
Public sector
Financial institutions
E-learning
Higher education
Business goals
Compliance
Trust & safety
Fraud prevention
Global expansion
Resources
Blog
E-books & reports
Webinars & videos
Identity glossary
Help center
Case studies
Persona Academy
Verify me
Company
About us
Industry recognition
Events
Early careers
Careers
Partner with us
Security
Awards
Developers
Documentation
API reference
Service status
Featured blog posts
What is Know Your Customer (KYC)?
What is KYB, and why does it matter?
5 pillars of AML compliance
AML compliance checklist
How to incorporate age verification

4.7 via Gartner Peer Insights™

as of August 28, 2025 out of 39 ratings

Read our reviews on G2
Gartner and Peer Insights™ are trademarks of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Gartner Peer Insights content consists of the opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences, and should not be construed as statements of fact, nor do they represent the views of Gartner or its affiliates. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in this content nor makes any warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this content, about its accuracy or completeness, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
Humanizing online identity
50 Beale St, Floor 16 San Francisco, CA 94105-1813

© 2025 Persona Identities, Inc.

Website terms of service
Data subject request
Site map
Privacy policy
Consumer health privacy
Cookie policy
Persona website accessibility statement
Do not sell or share my personal information
GLBA Privacy Notice