Home - Wits University About People/Staff Alumni Library Visit Wits Give Apply Homepage Study at Wits Students Faculties and Schools Teaching and Learning Research and Innovation News Search Search the site Search Menu Search Search the site Search Skip navigation and go to page content Sections Study at Wits Students Faculties and Schools Teaching and Learning Research and Innovation News About People/Staff Alumni Library Visit Wits Give Apply Start main page content Latest News All News Vice-Chancellor's Update Season's greetings from Professor Zeblon Vilakazi, Vice-Chancellor and Principal of Wits University. 24 December 2025 Deputy Vice-Chancellor: Research and Innovation Update Key research and innovation achievements from the past quarter, showcasing Wits’ leadership and real-world impact. 24 December 2025 Wits mourns the passing of Professor Deepak Kar Professor Kar passed away at 47 after a highly successful career as a physicist. 23 December 2025 Latest Events All Events 26 Jan HCRU/InterAct introductory workshop on Conversation Analysis Faculty of Humanities Boardroom, Ground Floor, Southwest Engineering Building. 09:00 26 Feb GENUS Fossil Fuelled Comedy Night Delta Café, Craighall Park, Johannesburg 19:00 Choose a degree or diploma Search by Keyword Course Type Undergraduate Postgraduate Online Search Courses Wits In 60 Seconds The final Wits in 60 Seconds of the year looks back on a year of achievement and impact, marked by more than 3 600 students graduating in December and William Henry Frankel being awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Law. Wits’ influence on global science is exemplified by Dr Precious Matsoso being named among Nature’s 10 for shaping science in 2025, alongside the launch of Africa’s first International Research Centre through a new partnership between Wits and the French National Centre for Scientific Research. [Watch] Did you know? Wits is ranked amongst the top 1% of universities in the world. Wits offers academic programmes with national and international accreditation. Wits' short course company, WitsPlus Pty (Ltd), offers a wide variety of programmes and courses. Wits has two commercial companies - Wits Health Consortium and Wits Enterprise Straight From the ‘Gram Contact Us General enquiries Tel: +27 (0)11 717 1000 Admission enquiries Tel: +27 (0)11 717 1888 Find Us 1 Jan Smuts Avenue, Braamfontein 2000, Johannesburg, South Africa Quicklinks Vacancies Term dates Tenders Wits Shop Connect with us Give to Wits Copyright © 2025 - University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg. Terms and Conditions of Use POPIA PAIA ISPA Browser Support Close