Design with impact
Deliver at scale

The website building platform for designers, developers, and marketers.

Start creating

Site of the week by

Ruthie Yarmolinsky & Mary Patan

Description:

Mary Patan, Ruthie Yarmolinsky and Yinon Kalili categorize lost wonders in a site that blends science, art and history. The site invites exploration with a museum-inspired interface that uses the Accordion feature to tell each specimen's story.

Start creating
Get more inspo

RY

Ruthie Yarmolinsky & Mary Patan

Included features:

Animations and Effects

SITE OF THE WEEK

Focus on design – everything scales automatically

Create freely on canvas, including in pixels, with a responsive editor that optimizes designs for every screen size.

Start creating

INTEGRATIONS

Set your vision in motion with no-code animations

Choose from smart presets and tailor them to your exact specs with options for scroll, loop, click, hover and more.

Start creating
Create signature experiences with custom CSS

Add personalized styles, handle changes at runtime to make components interactive, and streamline edits with global updates. 

Advanced design features
Set complex responsive behaviors with AI

Create more intricate relationships between elements to optimize sections, with the click of a button—and tweak as needed.

Start creating
Explore all AI tools
Develop and sell your applications

Use the Blocks workspace to build widgets and interactive components. And monetize them on our app market, with an audience of 245M+ potential customers.

Start creating
Code on your terms, in a robust environment

Create anything from custom components to full-stack solutions. Build on your preferred IDE to empower your process, and ship even faster with our AI code assistant.

Explore more dev features

INTEGRATIONS

ENTERPRISE SOLUTION

Advanced multi-site management for enterprises

Wix Studio offers scalable solutions including account-level analytics, SSO, and shared content collections as well as services like custom development and dedicated success managers.

Learn more
Pause animation
Native business solutions, fit for every project 

Cater to every industry with our advanced solutions—from eComm to events, bookings and more. Need specific logic? Extend the suite with 100s of APIs and integrations.

Start creating
See all solutions
Team workflows that just make sense
Multi-project management

Track every project from one workspace—on desktop, or the Studio mobile app.

Design libraries

Share reusable assets and templates with teammates and the Studio community.

Constant collaboration

Work on the same site at the same time, with custom roles and permissions.

See all tools
Client workflows that just make sense
Customizable handovers

Personalize the process with client-specific resources and custom roles and permissions.

A code-free CMS

Let clients add data and update content, without touching the design.

Live comments

Make version history mixups a thing of the past. See and fix feedback directly on the canvas.

Start creating

Find us on the App Store and Google Play.

Managed, enterprise-grade infrastructure as standard
Start creating
Resilience

Offer every client global coverage, reduced latency and a smooth user experience. Sites auto-scale with traffic and transaction spikes. Wix Studio runs on a combo of AWS, GCP and our own data centers—backed by over 200 CDN nodes.

Learn more
Security

Your clients are protected around the clock—from threat prevention to real-time detection and rapid response. Our security certificates include PCI DSS Level 1, SOC 2 Type 2 and multiple ISOs. Plus, we’re compliant with GDPR, CCPA and LGPD.

Learn more
Cutting-edge SEO tech, to the core

Best-in-class defaults, automations and built-in integrations mean your clients are set up for long-term, sustainable growth. Our ever-evolving SEO capabilities run deep, through every action you take.

All SEO capabilities
Enrich your agency with dedicated spaces
Join the community

Network, collaborate and learn with fellow professionals to grow alongside them.

Join the community
Hone your skills

Unlock your full creative potential with lessons and tutorials on all aspects of Wix Studio.

Hone your skills
Find fresh ideas

Explore tips, news, trends and inspiration from industry and agency experts on our blog, FWD.

Find fresh ideas
Wix Studio FAQ
What is Wix Studio?
What’s the difference between Wix and Wix Studio?
Which design tools should agencies look for in a website builder?
How to add custom code to my client sites?
Can designers and developers collaborate on website projects in real time?
How can I optimize my client websites for SEO?
What’s the best website builder for large teams and agencies?
 Is Wix Studio good for freelancers?
How can I ensure my client websites are secure?
What type of websites can I create with Wix Studio?
Does Wix Studio have a no-code CMS?
How much does Wix Studio Cost?
What’s the best website builder for an agency?

Unleash your creations. 
Rein in the chaos.

Start creating