Wiz: #1 Cloud Security Software for Modern Cloud Protection Sign in Experiencing an incident? Wiz Pricing Get a demo Platform Solutions Pricing Resources Customers Company Get a demo Protect Everything You Build and Run in the Cloud Use the Wiz Cloud Security Platform to build faster in the cloud, enabling security, dev and devops to work together in a self-service model built for the scale and speed of your cloud development. Work Email * First Name * Last Name * Country Phone Number * Company * Keep me updated about Wiz product releases, industry news, and events (You can unsubscribe at any time) Subscribe me to the Wiz blog digest emails Submit For information about how Wiz handles your personal data, please see our Privacy Policy . Your work email here Get a demo Trusted by more than 50% of Fortune 100 companies The reviews are in Customers rate Wiz #1 in cloud security 747 Reviews See all reviews See all reviews Shift happens The switch to cloud creates a new world of security challenges A new set of problems requires a new set of solutions Introducing Wiz Cloud Security Platform A Unified Platform One Cloud Operating Model to Run Faster, Safely Break siloes between your engineering and security teams for continuous security improvement Explore the platform Secure Cloud Development Unified visibility and security across code, CI/CD, and cloud environments Learn more Manage Security Posture Agentless visibility & risk prioritization that proactively reduces the attack surface Learn more Respond to Cloud Threats Runtime protection & threat detection and response born for cloud Learn more siloed tools cost you time Protecting Your Cloud Environments Requires a Unified, Cloud Native Platform. Wiz connects to every cloud environment, scans every layer, and covers every aspect of your cloud security - including elements that normally require installing agents. Its comprehensive approach has all of these cloud security solutions built in. When Wiz says it's critical — it actually is. See for yourself See for yourself Wiz security graph Block your most critical attack paths and protect your sensitive assets The Wiz Security Graph provides straightforward, context-driven insights into critical exposure. Meet developers where they are GitHub Scanning Slack Integration MCP Server IDE Scanning GitHub Scanning Slack Integration MCP Server IDE Scanning Next slide Previous slide Next slide Previous slide feedback See what our users think about Wiz Wiz Code helps us make decisions based on contextualized data and takes the guesswork out of secure development. Enguerrand Allamel Staff Cloud Security Engineer We had a very smooth experience and easy implementation process, starting from the initial contact up, through understanding our needs, up to configuring the services to adress exactly the specific needs that we had. It integrated flawlessly with our tech stack. We use the services every day. Fully recommend! It does exactly what it promises to do. Simple and agentless to set up and integrate, zero operational impact when using it, amazing metrics out of the box and all issues found are explained well and concisly, allowing any secureity team member to use the info effectively. Also, it is continually being improved. Dimitri Lubenski , Head of Technology and Innovation, Siemens Dimitri Lubenski It is indeed a remarkable success story! In a short period of time we achieved a transformational impact on the security posture of the entire public cloud ecosystem. That was supercharged by consistent automation, streamlined processes and communication. We are excited to continue this partnership and drive further innovation in the future! The integrated view and attack path analysis capabilities Wiz provides helps enable our security and development teams to narrow down which areas they should focus on, avoiding alert fatigue. Nitin Raina CISO By streamlining our security operations with Wiz, we’ve successfully achieved a 0 failure of remediation SLA while still maintaining developer velocity. Sacha Faust CISO Wiz allowed us to give solid proof to the regulator auditors, clients, and investors, proving that we actually are as good as we say we are. We can illustrate that we meet requirements around security. Aneel Sandhu CISO Wiz is a rare tool that delivers more value than what is promised, without needing a complex set up or expensive professional services to get right. Take 5 minutes to set up, and you are getting visibility no other tool in the market can give. Using Wiz you can focus on the most important vulnerabilities, those that are exposed to Internet and have an exploit in the wild. And you can do that with only few clicks using Graph Explorer. You never know what the next Log4J is going to be. With Wiz, I can monitor patterns before they get too big to handle. I can review top emerging vulnerabilities, see how many systems we have that may be impacted, and share my findings with our security champions through internal Slack channels to get ahead of threats Noah Abrahamson Director of Cloud Security Wiz has proven to be an invaluable asset in our cybersecurity toolkit. Multi-cloud enablement is at the heart of our transformation strategy and security is paramount. Wiz helps us visualize our entire cloud environment and drive actionable insights, in minutes. They’ve made cloud security an enabler for Morgan Stanley and helped us break down the barriers between security and development teams. Katherine Wetmur Co-CTO There's a really damn good reason they blast off the edges up-and right on quadrants in their space -- it's not even close out there in practice.  From documentation, to UX, to feature deployment, to sales, to support, and beyond, the Wiz team is crushing it every day for us and isn't just one of the best vendors I have today, but have ever had. Mark Stanislav, PhD VP, Security Engineering & GRC There was no technology in the industry that could provide the level of detail that Wiz does. Michael Johnson Managing Director, Public Sector Wiz’s agentless solution was able to get us 100% coverage quickly and at scale. Wiz gives us the contextual view of risks in our environment so we can properly understand and prioritize them based on our knowledge of what’s critical. Brad Abel Enterprise and Principal Security Architect Finally a tool that actually gives you the data you need and functional processes. A "MUST HAVE" Tool in any CISO Stack: Holistic approach, high-quality visibility, reliable and effective. I consider it the most effective tool in my security stack. Wiz stands out in the crowded CNAAP and CSPM market due to its innovative graph-based approach to security, ruthless prioritization of critical risks, and ability to provide comprehensive visibility across numerous cloud environments. Not only do these key features allow us to identify and remediate vulnerabilities more efficiently than with traditional tools, but Wiz's agentless architecture and intuitive interface make it remarkably easy to deploy and manage across our complex infrastructure. Within a short time frame, we achieved full visibility without any operational overhead, allowing our security team to quickly identify critical vulnerabilities and address them promptly. JJ McMahon Enterprise Security Architect @ Farmers Insurance Wiz enables us to get more visibility to more teams with more context than we’ve ever had. Wiz is beyond impressive -- it is a game changer. WIZ is changing the play ground, allowing great visibility, and consistent proactiveness to support required new challenges and threats with a solid supporting team. Wiz has changed the definition of a fine cloud security tool. I have not seen any cloud security tools capable of doing what wiz does with maximum accuracy. Wiz is straightforward to deploy and presents the findings in a way which makes it really easier for us to focus on severe and critical issues first. I think Wiz is changing the industry. If you use clouds and you’re scaling, and you don’t have Wiz, you’re in trouble. Darcy Boynton Manager, Security and Network Operations Patrick Lafleur, CRISC, CDPSE Information Security Manager @ Maple I’ve never posted about a product before, but the amount of visibility Wiz can give you with almost no set up is game changing. Wiz has paid for the five years subscription in a matter of one week. Igor Tsyganskiy Former CSO Every single person we’ve worked with at Wiz has been helpful, personable, and responsive. Wiz’s team has been invaluable in our success, and the support has been excellent. Ryan Murphy Senior Security Engineer, Schrödinger I like Wiz because it elevates my security to the next level. Its advanced features and user-friendly interface provide comprehensive protection and ensure that my data and systems are always secure. With Wiz, I have peace of mind knowing that my security measures are robust and reliable. Wiz gives us a common language between security and engineering. It's one tool that everybody has access to, it’s super intuitive, and it’s easy to leverage because the context we need to work together and do our jobs is all in one place. Koen Hendrix Director of Product Security Wiz has been a game-changer for our hospital's cloud security strategy. Its comprehensive visibility, real-time alerting capabilities, and user-friendly interface have markedly improved our ability to secure our cloud infrastructure. Wiz gives us visibility across our entire cloud stack and provides deeper and broader context on the risks in our environment to prioritize addressing the issues that matter. David Estlick CISO One of the best security solutions I have ever used. Wiz - much better than the rest! Wiz provides me as a CISO a clear risk-based view of the product lines and divisions I protect. When I advise security leaders of cloud-native / cloud-reliant companies I implore them to explore Wiz, from my perspective this is a required tool in every CISOs toolkit. Clement Notin @cnotin Sharing research... 👏 ...results 😍 ...methodology  Thank you  @wiz_io , you rock! Corey Zaner Manager, Cloud Security Architecture @ Chevron Phillips Chemical Company Wiz is leading the way! Happy customer. Wiz is allowing our organization to make sense of the highly dynamic and extremely complex multi-cloud environment that is at the base of our infrastructure. Without Wiz, we could never hope to continuously and automatically detect security issues and vulnerabilities as they materialize in our environment. I am able to prioritize with Wiz with no effort from my part and most importantly I can customize the rules to fit my organization perfectly with unmatched granularity. We were able to get 100+ findings from Wiz within 2 days of deployment, compared to an individual needing 6 months to deliver that type of information. The time to value and saving at least one headcount is a huge ROI for us. Heath Anderson VP, Information Security & IT Sagar @sschhatrala Amazing job  @wiz_io   First CosmosDB and now PostgreSQL ! 🔥 Quang Vo @mr_r3bot ChaosDB vulnerability from  @wiz_io   team is such an amazing bug, you guys should get more than 100k bounty for this level of severity. Thanks for the clear explanation and the walk through of your researcher mindset. Admirable!!! 👏 New Sheriff in Town: Wiz makes addressing cloud security issues much easier than any other tool I have ever utilized. I firmly believe that Wiz is worth the hype. The product has given us significantly improved visibility into our cloud security posture - and after only a few conversations/demos, it was clear that Wiz was at least two years ahead of other products in the market (including the native cloud vendor tools!) Wiz strikes the right balance between providing high-level visibility into our whole cloud posture and giving engineers the hands-on capabilities to resolve issues on the ground. Wiz allows us to scale the cybersecurity team's reach through technology. Melody Hildebrandt Chief Security Officer Bilal Omarjee Principal Cloud Architect @ Oracle Nobody beats the wiz! One of the best Cloud Security products on the market: Their customer success teams are fantastic and are always very responsive and helpful. Wiz demonstrates the future of cloud security tools. Wiz avoids the pitfalls of overt complexity, providing a best-in-class security risk management platform that is simple to deploy, easy to navigate and affordable, whilst at the same time providing complete visibility of your cloud technology stack. Seeing the risks and findings mapped to the different certifications in Wiz really helps me focus and prioritize my work. Idan Pinto Security Manager Craig Sayler Cybersecurity Leadership @ Ontra The most valued goal for cybersecurity is first frictionless visibility, That one sentence describes Wiz extremely well. Well done Wiz! Wiz stands on top of the CSPM mountain! Glenn @hiddenillusion If you have a sizeable cloud presence, you should be considering  @wiz_io In the competitive environment, Wiz has no real competitors. We migrated from first-generation CSPM into wiz with the combined CSPM, CIEM and Vulnerability management and were hugely impressed. The fidelity of the results was a big organizational win and allowed us to prioritize what matters. Wiz has helped us identify some of the poor practices and approaches we have been taking when using cloud services. Since using wiz, we have been able to address significant concerns, educate our engineering teams on best practices, and take a more secure approach to leverage the cloud for our needs. What stood out about Wiz for me was it has a very intuitive interface and a really simple dashboard. The fact that it's cloud native and agentless meant we could have it up and running in a matter of minutes and have clear, actionable information Andrew McKenna Cloud Security Architect Noah Abrahamson Director of Cloud Security @ Stanford University Sometimes, ignorance is bliss—say, deliberately not checking this week's performance of your retirement account 💸. When it comes to cloud computing ☁️ and protecting Stanford data 🧑🏻‍💻 however, it can be devastating. You just can't not know. Our team will soon be putting powerful tools ⚡️ with actionable insights 🚨 in the hands of our campus cloud technologists. 🌲 Everyone's time is valuable. Don't let your security posture suffer while trying to sort through a spreadsheet export with 3500 rows. Wiz measures risk along multiple dimensions: vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, clear-text secrets, internet exposure, and available script-kiddie exploits to help you zero in on the most important items to resolve immediately. After using similar systems and leading tools in the market to protect our cloud, we moved to this tool and we can't stop admiring its endless capabilities. It centers several tools under it in an amazingly easy user-friendly and clear way and one of its great pros is that it's agentless. Excellent and available support and perfect documentation. Wiz was really the first platform we saw where getting visibility across our entire environment was a one and done set up. Erik Hart CISO Sam Wholley Partner @Lightspeed Venture Partners Wiz is the fastest SaaS company to $100M in ARR and $200M in ARR, and has changed how security intelligence is acted upon with a unique data architecture. When you impress Igor Tsyganskiy, you're doing something very right Wiz is the clear leader in CNAPP/CSPM n the realm of cloud security, finding a tool that combines both power and simplicity is paramount. My favourite tool, Wiz, exemplifies this by offering an exceptional feature known as Security Graphs. This innovative feature sets Wiz apart in the cybersecurity landscape, offering an intuitive yet profoundly effective way to visualize and manage cloud security. Don't just take our word for it “ There was no technology in the industry that could provide the level of detail that Wiz does. ” Michael Johnson Managing Director, Public Sector Naval Information Warfare Center Pacific Don't just take our word for it “ Because of Wiz, we’ve been able to democratize our approach to cybersecurity. Protecting our infrastructure is no longer concentrated in one team; the responsibility is distributed across the organization. ” Dimitri Lubenski Head of Technology and Innovation Siemens Don't just take our word for it “ IT security governance has traditionally been somebody saying "You have to fix these vulnerabilities." Now, people can look up and say, "This is the attack path, and this is what I should do."  ” Roland Lechner Director of IT Security BMW Don't just take our word for it “ This new depth and breadth of visibility really made us pay attention. We were able to scan tenants and find new critical issues very quickly. ” Alex Schuchman CISO Colgate-Palmolive Don't just take our word for it “ I'm a doctor, I take care of people, I was trained in preventative medicine. Wiz is like preventative medicine for us. ” Alex Steinleitner President & CEO Artisan Yes, Wiz integrates with Wiz Integration (WIN) platform enables bi-directional sharing of security findings across the cloud security ecosystem to reduce risk, improve efficiency and enable an open cloud security ecosystem. See our 200+ integrations Recognized market leader by top analysts G2 Grid for Cloud-Native Application Protection Platforms (CNAPP) G2 CNAPP Report Spring 2024: Still the #1 CNAPP platform. Get Report IDC MarketScape Worldwide Cloud-Native Application Protection Platforms 2025 Wiz Recognized as a Leader in the 2025 IDC MarketScape for CNAPP Get Report Voice of the Customer Cloud Security Posture Management 2025 Wiz Named a Customers’ Choice for Cloud Security Posture Management Tools (CSPM) Get Report 4.8/5 242 reviews · July 2025 Read reviews Read reviews 4.8/5 242 reviews · July 2025 Speed “ We began seeing information within 60 minutes and have now standardized to Wiz across our environment. ” Erik Hart , CISO Impact “ I have not seen anything else that can give you as big of an impact as Wiz. ” Igor Tsyganskiy , Global CISO Simplicity “ Wiz demystifies a lot of Azure, so we can understand it well enough to talk to other teams, despite not being cloud experts. ” Illyan Tytel , Landscape Integrity Monitoring Senior Lead Ready to protect your cloud? Schedule a call with a Wiz expert Get a demo Latest Research and Publications Protecting Against Zero-Day Vulnerabilities with SOC-Level ASM Alert Product Mika Maymon , Gal Nagli , Shaked Rotlevi December 30, 2025 MongoBleed (CVE-2025-14847) exploited in the wild: everything you need to know Research Security Merav Bar , Amitai Cohen December 28, 2025 The Kenna Transition: Your Strategic Shift to Exposure Management Product Oron Noah , Shaked Rotlevi December 23, 2025 Protecting Against Zero-Day Vulnerabilities with SOC-Level ASM Alert Product Mika Maymon , Gal Nagli , Shaked Rotlevi December 30, 2025 MongoBleed (CVE-2025-14847) exploited in the wild: everything you need to know Research Security Merav Bar , Amitai Cohen December 28, 2025 The Kenna Transition: Your Strategic Shift to Exposure Management Product Oron Noah , Shaked Rotlevi December 23, 2025 Check out more articles from our blog Get a personalized demo Ready to see Wiz in action? "Best User Experience I have ever seen, provides full visibility to cloud workloads." David Estlick CISO "Wiz provides a single pane of glass to see what is going on in our cloud environments." Adam Fletcher Chief Security Officer "We know that if Wiz identifies something as critical, it actually is." Greg Poniatowski Head of Threat and Vulnerability Management Get a demo Footer Platform Wiz CNAPP Wiz Code Wiz Cloud Wiz Defend Integrations Environments Documentation Learn Customer Stories Cloud Security Courses Blog CloudSec Academy Resources Center Cloud Threat Landscape Cloud Security Assessment Vulnerability Database Company About Wiz Join the Team Newsroom Events Contact Us Trust Center Our Partners English (US) Twitter LinkedIn RSS © 2025 Wiz, Inc. Status Privacy Policy Terms of Use Modern Slavery Statement Cookie Settings Latest from our podcast Live Talk: Security Minds from Google Cloud, AWS & Wiz December 13, 2025 Listen on Youtube Listen on Spotify Listen on Apple Podcasts