WizCase | Breaking cybersecurity news and expert reviews We review vendors based on rigorous testing and research, and also take into account your feedback and our affiliate commission with providers. Some providers are owned by our parent company. Learn more Wizcase was established in 2018 as an independent site reviewing VPN services and covering privacy-related stories. Today, our team of cybersecurity researchers, writers, and editors continues to help readers maintain their online freedom in partnership with Kape Technologies PLC, which also owns the following products: ExpressVPN, CyberGhost, Intego and Private Internet Access which may be ranked and reviewed on this website. The reviews published on Wizcase are believed to be accurate as of the date of each article, and written according to our strict reviewing standards that prioritize professional and thorough examination by the reviewer, taking into account the technical capabilities and qualities of the product together with its commercial value for users. The rankings and reviews we publish may also take into consideration the common ownership mentioned above, and affiliate commissions we earn for purchases through links on our website. We do not review all VPN providers and information is believed to be accurate as of the date of each article. EN Dansk Deutsch Español Français Hrvatski Indonesia Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Română Suomi Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe Čeština Ελληνικά Български Русский Українська ไทย 日本語 简体中文 한국어 עברית العربية Antivirus Reviews Norton Review TotalAV Review McAfee Review Bitdefender Review Intego Review MacKeeper Review Panda Review Scanguard Review PCProtect Review Best Antivirus Software Best Antiviruses with VPN Best Antivirus for Internet Security Best Malware Removal Software Best Antivirus for Mac Best Antivirus for iPhone & iPad Best Antivirus for Android Best Antivirus for Windows Antivirus Comparison Microsoft Defender vs Alternatives McAfee vs Norton Bitdefender vs Norton Bitdefender vs McAfee Avira vs Norton Antivirus Coupons VPNs Reviews ExpressVPN Review CyberGhost VPN Review Private Internet Access Review IPVanish Review NordVPN Review Surfshark Review PureVPN Review PrivateVPN Review ProtonVPN Review Best VPN Best VPNs for Android Best VPNs for China Best VPNs for Mac Best VPNs for iOS Best VPNs for Windows VPN Comparison ExpressVPN vs IPVanish VPN ExpressVPN vs VyprVPN ExpressVPN vs Private Internet Access Astrill VPN vs ExpressVPN CyberGhost VPN vs ExpressVPN CyberGhost VPN vs IPVanish VPN CyberGhost VPN vs Hotspot Shield IPVanish VPN vs Private Internet Access PureVPN vs Windscribe VPN VPN Coupons ExpressVPN Coupons CyberGhost Coupons Private Internet Access Coupons Parental Control Reviews Qustodio Review Mobicip Review Bark Review Norton Family Review MSpy Review WebWatcher Review MMGuardian Review Google Family Link Review Best Parental Control Best Parental Control for Windows Best Parental Control for iPhone & iPad Best Parental Control for Android Coupons Qustodio Coupons Mobicip Coupons MSpy Coupons Password Manager Reviews 1Password Review Dashlane Review Roboform Review Keeper Review Panda Review Best Password managers Best Password manager for Family Best Password manager for Chrome Best Password manager for Mac Best Password manager for Windows Best Password manager for iOS Tools What is My IP Data Breaches Tracker Blog News EN Dansk Deutsch Español Français Hrvatski Indonesia Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Română Suomi Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe Čeština Ελληνικά Български Русский Українська ไทย 日本語 简体中文 한국어 עברית العربية VPN Antivirus Home Parental Control Password Manager WizCase | Breaking cybersecurity news and expert reviews Antivirus VPNs Parental Control Password Manager Advertising Disclosure Wizcase was established in 2018 as an independent site reviewing VPN services and covering privacy-related stories. Today, our team of cybersecurity researchers, writers, and editors continues to help readers maintain their online freedom in partnership with Kape Technologies PLC, which also owns the following products: ExpressVPN, CyberGhost, Intego and Private Internet Access which may be ranked and reviewed on this website. The reviews published on Wizcase are believed to be accurate as of the date of each article, and written according to our strict reviewing standards that prioritize professional and thorough examination by the reviewer, taking into account the technical capabilities and qualities of the product together with its commercial value for users. The rankings and reviews we publish may also take into consideration the common ownership mentioned above, and affiliate commissions we earn for purchases through links on our website. We do not review all VPN providers and information is believed to be accurate as of the date of each article. Antivirus VPNs Parental Control Password Manager Antivirus Best Antivirus Software in 2026 for Windows, Android & More Modern-day operating systems have strong built-in security measures, but cyber threats have become so advanced that these solutions don’t cut it. Even cli... Osama Zahid Aug 16 33 min Antivirus The Best Antivirus With VPN Included (Tested in 2026) Many modern antiviruses offer built-in VPNs, but most are low-quality, with slow speeds and limited server networks. A good VPN can work alongside your an... Osama Zahid Dec 23 22 min Antivirus 7 Best Antiviruses for Windows in 2026 – Protect Your PC Windows’ popularity makes it the most common target for malware and cyber threats. Also, Microsoft’s built-in antivirus isn’t good enough for comprehensiv... Osama Zahid Feb 26 25 min Antivirus 10 Best Mac Antiviruses in 2026 — Top Security Software Despite built-in security measures like XProtect and Gatekeeper, Macs are still vulnerable to cyber threats. So, you need an antivirus to ensure security ... Osama Zahid Mar 03 28 min Antivirus 5 Best iPhone Antiviruses to Protect Yourself in 2026 iOS is much more secure than Android because it sandboxes apps so that they can’t access other parts of your iPhone. However, like any other device, your ... Sayb Saad Apr 23 20 min Antivirus Best Android Antivirus Apps - Phones & Tablets (2026) Android devices nowadays come with Google Play Protect for safety, but the built-in Android security isn’t enough to stop advanced cyber threats. So, gett... Osama Zahid May 28 25 min VPNs 10 Best VPN Services in 2026: Secure, Fast, & Private Finding a good VPN is like trying to pick the best coffee in a busy city — each cafe claims to be the “best,” but you won’t know until you try. Trouble is... Sayb Saad Jul 22 28 min VPNs The Best Free VPNs to Use in 2026: Fast, Safe, and Trusted Did you know that most free VPNs are unsafe to use and may track your activities? Many free apps have poor security and can expose you to malware. Plus, f... Osama Zahid Jul 02 16 min VPNs 5 Best VPNs for Windows PC — Secure and Fast in 2026 Though all VPNs claim to be the best for Windows, I found that even basic features like a kill switch don’t work reliably in some. Windows is a widely use... Rosemary S Siluvai Anthony Dec 22 22 min VPNs 7 Best VPNs for Mac in 2026 (All macOS Versions) Macs have solid built-in security, but, without the additional protection of a VPN, your Mac is vulnerable to the same cyberattacks as a Windows PC. Conne... Sayb Saad May 01 31 min VPNs 7 Best VPNs for Android - Tested & Safe Apps (2026) Although there are hundreds of VPN apps for Android devices, many of them are not worth your money or the risk to your security. Some don’t work properly,... Rosemary S Siluvai Anthony Jan 06 25 min VPNs 10 Best (Cheap!) VPNs for iPhone, iPad & iOS - Tested 2026 Apple devices are known for their security, but the increase in cyber threats over the years means no iPhone, iPad, or iOS device is truly safe. Every tim... Rosemary S Siluvai Anthony Jan 06 30 min Parental Control 10 Best Parental Control Apps for Android & iPhone in 2026 I tested over 30 of the parental control apps that claimed to be the best and was shocked at how poorly most of them performed. I was surprised at how eas... Shauli Zacks Mar 30 36 min Parental Control 5 Best FREE Parental Control Apps 2026 | PC, iOS & Android After several years of using different premium parental control apps, I wanted to see if I could save money and get similar features with free apps. It di... Shauli Zacks Jul 13 19 min Parental Control 5 Best Windows Parental Control Apps: Tested in 2026 Windows’ built-in parental controls aren’t that comprehensive, so they’re not enough to keep your children fully protected online. However, finding a reli... Osama Zahid May 03 14 min Parental Control Best Parental Control Apps for Android - Tested in 2026 With 4 kids who spend way too much time on their phones, I needed to find an app that, despite Android’s new regulations, could still be effective in filt... Shauli Zacks Apr 28 17 min Parental Control Best Parental Control Apps for iPhone & iPad in 2026 If your child uses an iPhone or iPad, you know how hard it can be to monitor their activities. Social media, online games, and unrestricted web access can... Sayb Saad Apr 28 17 min Parental Control Qustodio Qustodio looks like one of the most feature-rich parental controls available, offering comprehensive monitoring features, various activity management tool... Justyn Newman Mar 31 18 min Password Manager 10 Best Password Managers: Safe & Easy to Use (2026) You probably have dozens of accounts scattered across banking, shopping, streaming, and work. Each one demands a unique, complex password, but who can rea... Sayb Saad Jun 30 24 min Password Manager Best Free Password Managers: Secure Your Logins in 2026 If you’re relying on Chrome, Apple, or your phone’s default password manager, you’re missing out. Built-in tools skip key features like secure sharing, pa... Sayb Saad Jun 02 15 min Password Manager The 10 Best Password Managers for Google Chrome in 2026 A password manager will help save time and boost your online security, but not all are compatible with Chrome. Digging through the many untested options o... Enemali Okwoli Jun 06 32 min Password Manager Best Password Managers for Firefox in 2026 (Safe & Cheap) Firefox has a built-in password management solution, but it’s very basic. Its password generation is weak, the auto-fill is inconsistent, and it doesn’t h... Osama Zahid Apr 11 17 min Password Manager 5 Best Family Password Managers — Safe to Use in 2026 Keeping my family’s digital credentials safe is very important to me. Securing everyone’s passwords is crucial to stay safe against identity theft and oth... Osama Zahid May 31 17 min Password Manager 8 Best Business Password Managers – Tested in 2026 Every business needs strong password management because employees using weak or duplicate passwords cause most data breaches. So, I tested many password m... Osama Zahid May 26 22 min Trending Articles 5 Best Video Editing Software for Content Creators – Tested in 2025 Apr 03 18 min 13 Cyber Security Tips to Keep Your Data Safe at Work VPNs Dec 28 20 min The Best Free VPNs to Use in 2026: Fast, Safe, and Trusted VPNs Jul 02 16 min 12 Best Torrent Sites in 2026 (100% Safe + Working) VPNs May 01 20 min Meet the Team Our global team of industry professionals are experts on VPNs, cybersecurity, and privacy tools. The WizCase team is dedicated to providing accurate and practical reviews, comparisons, and news pieces to keep our readers informed of the latest tools and events in the tech sphere. Read more about us here. Sarah Frazier Former Content Manager Kate Hawkins Former Editor Sayb Saad Former Writer Andrea Miliani Former Tech News Expert Kiara Fabbri Former Tech News Writer Raluca Roman Product Manager The Localization & Translation Team Localization & Translation Services Our Reports Featured on: Join 100,000+ readers receiving the latest cybersecurity news and research Feedback, questions, or concerns? Send us a message using the form below, and one of our team members will get in touch. Submit Share & Support WizCase is reader-supported so we may receive a commission when you buy through links on our site. You do not pay extra for anything you buy on our site — our commission comes directly from the product owner. Some providers are owned by our parent company. Learn more Wizcase was established in 2018 as an independent site reviewing VPN services and covering privacy-related stories. Today, our team of cybersecurity researchers, writers, and editors continues to help readers maintain their online freedom in partnership with Kape Technologies PLC, which also owns the following products: ExpressVPN, CyberGhost, Intego and Private Internet Access which may be ranked and reviewed on this website. The reviews published on Wizcase are believed to be accurate as of the date of each article, and written according to our strict reviewing standards that prioritize professional and thorough examination by the reviewer, taking into account the technical capabilities and qualities of the product together with its commercial value for users. The rankings and reviews we publish may also take into consideration the common ownership mentioned above, and affiliate commissions we earn for purchases through links on our website. We do not review all VPN providers and information is believed to be accurate as of the date of each article. . Facebook Our mission: To help you make educated choices about cybersecurity to keep you (and your data) safe and secure, by providing detailed, accurate, and practical information based on thorough testing. Learn more about our Testing Methodology here. Categories Latest Blog posts Latest News posts Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Software Best Parental Control Apps Best Password Managers Top Reviews ExpressVPN Review CyberGhost VPN Review Private Internet Access Review Norton Antivirus Review TotalAV Review Qustodio Review 1Password Review About About us Press Center Testing Methodology Human Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions DMCA Policy Contact us Wizcase does not offer legal advice. Please check your local laws to ensure your use of VPN complies with statutory requirements. © 2026 WizCase | All Rights Reserved |