WKU - Western Kentucky University Your browser does not support iframes. Warning! This page requires JavaScript to be enabled in order to function properly. It appears it is currently turned off for your browser. If you need help enabling JavaScript, please contact the ITS Service Desk . Skip to main content Western Kentucky University Apply Visit More Info About WKU Academics Admissions Athletics Student Life Students Campus Safety Bookstore iWKU Mobile App Dining Transportation Faculty/Staff Academic Calendar Human Resources Directory Health & Wellness myWKU Parents Family Programs Parent & Family Portal Campus Safety Cost of Attendance Member Profile Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Events Make a Gift SpiritFunder WKU SPIRIT Sign in to access Email • Blackboard • TopNet * Search WKU What majors and programs are available at WKU? How do I apply for financial aid and scholarships? Where can I register for a campus tour? What housing options are available? How can I contact an academic advisor? Sign in to access Email • Blackboard • TopNet Make a Gift Apply Visit More Info The Hilltopper Guarantee Climb With Us Exceptional academic programs, applied learning opportunities, and world-renowned faculty are only part of what makes the WKU experience unparalleled. Your hopes, dreams and ideas are important to us. We strive to provide you with an environment where creativity is nurtured and intellect grows. WKU is a student centered, applied research university. That means we are dedicated to making sure you achieve your goals and graduate with skills for success. You will not only graduate with a diploma, you will enter the real world with experience that makes you stand out above the rest. Apply Now Visit Campus About WKU Academics Admissions Athletics Student Life Search Programs Undergraduate Undergraduate Graduate Search Browse Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs College of Education & Behavioral Sciences College of Health & Human Services Gordon Ford College of Business Ogden College of Science & Engineering Potter College of Arts & Letters “The photojournalism program and the WKU School of Media and Communication is one of the best in the nation. From winning numerous Hearst Awards to various graduates working at some of the biggest name brand companies in the world, you can’t deny that this program excels in what they do. I knew I wanted to be a part of that, learn from some of the best professors and work alongside like-minded peers.” — Lauren Howe , WKU Senior from Owensboro, KY Undergraduate Graduate International Transfer Online Bowling Green, KY Located in the heart of Kentucky's third-largest city, our hilltop campus is a place of beauty and friendliness. Whether you're looking to explore the natural world, walk to a restaurant downtown, or catch a sporting event, Bowling Green has a variety of attractions for WKU students and their families to enjoy. Additionally, Bowling Green is located approximately 110 miles south of Louisville and 65 miles north of Nashville, making it easy to travel to other regional destinations. In addition to the campus in Bowling Green, WKU’s Regional Campuses in Elizabethtown/Ft. Knox , Glasgow, Owensboro, and Somerset bring our academic programs, continuing education and professional development programs to you. Learn More Regional Campuses “Through WKU’s Gordon Ford College of Business, I’ve gained hands on experience by conducting meetings and helping others with their finances. The finance department has helped me navigate the internship process and connected me with potential employers. The professors truly want the best for their students, and they are willing to go out of their way to help make it happen!” — Tanner Redmon , WKU Senior from Goodlettsville, TN WKU by the Numbers 23.7 Average Class Size 16 ,759 K+ Total Enrollment Top 7 Cities on the Rise by Southern Living 200+ Academic Programs 99% Freshmen Receiving Scholarship Aid Intercultural Student Engagement Center Mahurin Honors College Study Abroad & Global Learning Research & Creative Activity Rewarding Hard Work and Increasing Access Most of WKU’s merit scholarships are based on high school GPA instead of standardized test scores.  Explore the many scholarship opportunities available to you at WKU. Scholarships “On this Hill, I learned that growth comes from both challenge and community. WKU has given me the courage and opportunities to tell my story and the vision to keep climbing higher. Whether leading campus tours or working alongside peers to shape new traditions, I found that the hardest moments often became the ones that built the strongest sense of belonging.” — Malachi Humble , WKU Senior from Russellville, KY Tuition & Fees Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Scholarships News WKU recognizes fall 2025 graduates Date Posted: December 12, 2025 Western Kentucky University recognized fall 2025 graduates in three ceremonies on Friday at Diddle Arena.... WKU Board of Regents approves pre-development agreement with Gilbane to launch m... Date Posted: December 11, 2025 The Western Kentucky University Board of Regents today approved a pre-development agreement with Gilbane, initiating the first phase of a bold, multi-year effort to modernize student housing on the... WKU grad advances geology calling Date Posted: December 10, 2025 Woodard has pursued a bachelor’s degree in Geological Sciences, and his determination to pursue Geology extended beyond regular studies to include geochemistry research, research presentations at... View All News Events Jan 2nd WKU Hilltopper Basketball vs. Sam Housto... E.A. Diddle Arena 4:00pm Jan 3rd SKTPA 10:30am Jan 4th WKU Hilltopper Basketball vs. Louisiana ... E.A. Diddle Arena 2:00pm Jan 8th Lady Hilltopper Basketball vs. New Mexic... E.A. Diddle Arena 6:30pm View All Events Western Kentucky University 1906 College Heights Blvd. Bowling Green, KY 42101 Search WKU About WKU Academics Admissions Athletics Student Life Transparency & Accountability Accessibility Title IX Careers Statement of Non-Discrimination Contact Us Site Index Privacy Statement Last Modified 12/8/25