Asheville News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News 17 homes spared from wildfire near Mars Hill, resident recounts close call A fast-moving wildfire driven by strong winds and dry conditions came dangerously close to homes in the Mars Hill area. Mission Health announces visitor restrictions, citing high rate of flu in WNC Starting on Wednesday, Dec. 31, Mission Health hospitals and affiliates will temporarily limit visitation due to a high rate of influenza in WNC. Haywood County urges residents to apply for tax exemptions, could save money The new year is approaching and that means tax season is almost upon us. Haywood County offers free Christmas tree recycling through January Looking for a way to get rid of your tree now that Christmas is over? Haywood County is now accepting trees for recycling. Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Election WLOS Town Hall Entertainment Consumer Reports Skyview 13 Inside Your World Amazing America Question of the Day Spotlight on America Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Addicted America Crisis in the classroom Helene One Year Later Weather Current Weather Asheville Mostly Clear 25 F 46 / 21 Today 46 / 21 Wednesday 46 / 31 Thursday 50 / 29 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Maps Closings and Delays Hurricane Center Hunter Skycam Network News 13 Investigates News 13 Investigates News 13 Investigates: Families in limbo as government buyout program stalls after Helene News 13 has spoken to many homeowners who have signed up for the buyout. Marion woman accused of embezzling over $122,000 from local church awaits trial A Marion woman is accused of stealing more than $122,000 from a small church where she served as treasurer for more than a decade. WNC family's plea: Gaps in care exposed when toddler needed emergency transport A local family is demanding answers after their three-year-old needed emergency brain surgery, but the system meant to help couldn't. Hard lesson: Homeowner's project turns into something resembling a 'lunar landscape' When Buncombe County homeowner Alina Nunez decided to install a new driveway and back patio, she never imagined she’d end up in court. News 13 Investigates Ask 13 Deadlier Than Fire Community Community Carolina Kitchen: Roasted Garlic Injected Marinade Pork Tenderloin Carolina Kitchen: Roasted Garlic Injected Marinade Pork Tenderloin Pet Pals: Cleetus Meet Cleetus! What's your New Year's resolution? Here's what people in Asheville had to say As the calendar turns over to another year, millions of people are pressing reset. Pet Pals: Artemis Meet Artemis! She’s a 3-year-old cattle dog mix and a gentle soul. Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Education Lottery Community Calendar Pump Patrol Golf Passport Fraud Protection Paw-Some Birthdays Souper Bowl of Caring Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 25 ° Wed 48 ° Thu 49 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Election Beyond The Podium Election Results WLOS Town Hall Entertainment Consumer Reports Skyview 13 Inside Your World Amazing America Question of the Day Spotlight on America Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Addicted America Crisis in the classroom Helene One Year Later Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar Maps Closings and Delays Hurricane Center Hunter Skycam Network News 13 Investigates Down Arrow News 13 Investigates Home News 13 Investigates Ask 13 Deadlier Than Fire Community Down Arrow Community Home Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Education Lottery Community Calendar Pump Patrol Golf Passport Fraud Protection Paw-Some Birthdays Souper Bowl of Caring Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Newsletter Sign Up News 13 Down Arrow News 13 Home Contact People Careers Contests Schedule Newsletter Sign Up WLOS: 70th Anniversary Features Down Arrow Features Home Thanks to Teachers Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Armstrong Army Strong For Pet's Sake Open Road WNC Care Moment WNC Food Scene Health Break WNC Heroes Back to School Traffic Live Stream Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Friday Night Rivals Local Sports Game Changer Football Frenzy TICKETS City Guide Newsletter Sign Up Down Arrow Newsletter Sign Up Home Newsletter Sign Up Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info WLOS FCC Applications WLOS Public File Assistance WMYA FCC Info WMYA FCC Applications WMYA Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Mission Health announces visitor restrictions, citing high rate of flu in WNC Starting on Wednesday, Dec. 31, Mission Health hospitals and affiliates will temporarily limit visitation due to a high rate of influenza in WNC. 17 homes spared from wildfire near Mars Hill, resident recounts close call A fast-moving wildfire driven by strong winds and dry conditions came dangerously close to homes in the Mars Hill area. Pardee Hospital implements visitor restrictions citing rise in respiratory illnesses UNC Health Pardee announced it will implement visitor restrictions at Pardee Hospital due to an increase in flu and other respiratory illnesses in the area. Highway Patrol seeks public's help in fatal hit-and-run that claimed life of Leicester man A Buncombe County man is dead following a hit-and-run accident on Dec. 16, and the North Carolina State Highway Patrol is seeking the public's help. Asheville police urge caution when using rideshare services on New Year's Eve Local law enforcement is encouraging riders to remain cautious and aware when using rideshare services during one of the busiest nights of the year. Echo Mountain Recording Studio to reopen in 2026 under new ownership Echo Mountain Recording Studio will find new life in 2026 after announcing plans to close by the end of 2025. From an acorn to an apple, to a golden keg: N.C.'s unique New Year's Eve celebrations Towns and cities all across North Carolina have their own ways of bringing in the New Year, and there are even unique ones here in the Western North Carolina. I-40 Pigeon River Gorge reconstruction on track, completion expected by 2028: NCDOT The North Carolina Department of Transportation is providing a year-end update on the reconstruction of the Pigeon River Gorge. LIST: Asheville shelters open during Code Purple Dec. 30 - Jan. 1 Several shelters will open their doors to provide warmth for the Asheville community amid cold weather on Tuesday, Dec. 30 and Wednesday, Dec. 31. Officials urge caution with fireworks this New Year's amid dry, windy conditions in WNC As you get ready to ring in the new year, fire officials are asking everyone to be extra careful with fireworks. Local News Haywood County urges residents to apply for tax exemptions, could save money The new year is approaching and that means tax season is almost upon us. Haywood County offers free Christmas tree recycling through January Looking for a way to get rid of your tree now that Christmas is over? Haywood County is now accepting trees for recycling. Free radon test kits soon available for North Carolina residents: NCDHHS Free radon test kits will soon be available for North Carolina residents, state health officials announced Tuesday. Waynesville secures $487K grant to boost emergency response with solar backup system The Town of Waynesville said they received a $487,532.40 grant from the Dogwood Health Trust to enhance the region's emergency response. Transformer fire at Biltmore Estate winery injures 1 person, closes winery for day One person was hurt after a transformer fire inside the Biltmore Estate's winery on Tuesday, Dec. 30. WATCH: Wildfire near Mars Hill captured on video Viewer videos captured a wildfire burning in the Mars Hill area on Monday, Dec. 29. Power outages reported amid high winds in western North Carolina Western North Carolina experienced a slew of power outages on Tuesday as winter weather and high winds moved into the region. See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending North Carolina wins $17 million lawsuit against FEMA and DHS over withheld emergency funds North Carolina Attorney General Jeff Jackson won a $17 million lawsuit against FEMA and DHS for withholding state funds for emergency funding. Power outages reported amid high winds in western North Carolina Western North Carolina experienced a slew of power outages on Tuesday as winter weather and high winds moved into the region. Transformer fire at Biltmore Estate winery injures 1 person, closes winery for day One person was hurt after a transformer fire inside the Biltmore Estate's winery on Tuesday, Dec. 30. Influenza A, respiratory illnesses spike in WNC, causing hospital visiting restrictions Western North Carolina is seeing an increase in respiratory illnesses. A local health network is making temporary changes to reduce the spread. WATCH: Wildfire near Mars Hill captured on video Viewer videos captured a wildfire burning in the Mars Hill area on Monday, Dec. 29. Nation & World HHS halts all childcare payments to Minnesota amid fraud allegations The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced on Tuesday it will freeze all child care payments to Minnesota. GOP Rep calls for Somali Americans involved in fraud to have citizenship revoked A viral video is bringing the national spotlight to taxpayer-funded daycare centers in Minnesota, with allegations many were collecting tax dollars but not actu This year saw 12% more store closures, but 2026 looking better for retail This year saw 11% fewer store openings than last year, but Coresight Research is tracking more planned openings than closings in the coming year. HUD audit reveals $5.8 billion in 'questionable' rental assistance payments under Biden Auditors said concentrations of the suspected payments were found in New York, California and Washington, DC. Payments to dead tenants occurred in all 50 states New Year's Eve events present security threats worldwide This New Year's Eve, law enforcement and security officials are taking extra measures to keep celebrations safe amid a heightened threat environment. Tatiana Schlossberg, journalist and granddaughter of JFK, dies at 35 Tatiana Schlossberg, a journalist and author who was also the granddaughter of former President John F. Kennedy, has died, according to a family announcement. Truck driver charged in deadly Virginia crash immigrated to US illegally: sources Ouattara's charges were upgraded to three counts of involuntary manslaughter on Dec. 29, court records show. See More Right arrow Sports Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Bulldogs Run Past Brevard for Non-Conference Win UNC Asheville Women’s Basketball ran past Brevard 84-31 to close out non-conference play on Monday (Dec. 29) inside Kimmel Arena. This was Asheville's second co High School Round Up: December 22, 2025 (WLOS)GIRLS BASKETBALLA.C. Reynolds 54, Mountain Heritage 33 (F)Cherokee 71, Lake Norman 64 (F)Franklin 50, Erwin 49 (F)North Buncombe 58, Mitchell 23 (F)South See More Right arrow Entertainment Prince William's massive annual salary revealed in 2025 royal report From castles to cash flow, Prince William’s latest royal report reveals an eye-opening annual income. 'The Wire' and 'Veep' star Isiah Whitlock Jr. dead at 71 Isiah Whitlock Jr., known for his roles on shows like &ldquo;The Wire&rdquo; and &ldquo;Veep,&rdquo; has died at 71, his manager confirmed. Gwyneth Paltrow explains why she refused to film an explicit sex scene with THIS star Gwyneth Paltrow revealed why she refused to film a spicy scene early in her career with a handsome co-star. Watch Robert Irwin rank birds based on their rizz, crowns a controversial no. 1 The wildlife conservationist has the internet divided after he sparked debate over ranking birds by "rizz." See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Buncombe County artists invited to create lasting legacy for America’s 250th celebration The Buncombe County America250 NC Committee has launched the &ldquo;Beyond the Liberty Tree&rdquo; Commemorative Plaque Design Competition. SPONSORED How this rescue mission serves through storms and struggles Hendersonville Rescue Mission serves the community through every crisis. SPONSORED Celebrate Cherokee heritage at this week-long festival of culture and fun Mark your calendars: the 113th Cherokee Indian Fair is back October 6&ndash;11 at the Old Acquoni Expo Center in Cherokee, N.C. For six straight days, expect a whirlw SPONSORED From the wreckage, we rose: One year after Helene, our community is still strong Learn how the community continues to join forces after Helene. SPONSORED Experience a Music-Filled Weekend to Remember in Western North Carolina Mark your calendars and pack your dancing shoes! From August 29-31, the Earl Scruggs Music Festival returns to Tryon International in Mill Spring, NC, for three SPONSORED Back to school safety tips for Greenville-area families Back to school safety tips for Greenville-area families SPONSORED Drink deep from the mountains: Why North Carolina spring water is the purest you'll taste You can’t bottle a breeze or capture the hush of a forest morning&mdash;but you can drink the water that runs through it. And if you live in or near North Carolina, t SPONSORED Retire with faith at this spirited continuing care community Spending your golden years in a safe and inclusive community is how seniors in Asheville continue to celebrate life at Brooks-Howell. SPONSORED University fine art museum to showcase MFA thesis exhibition The Western Carolina University (WCU) Fine Art Museum is proud to present the 2025 MFA Thesis Exhibition, a showcase of work by four graduating Master of Fine A SPONSORED Student safety: Legal action to stop bullying and harassment Bullying is a serious issue in many schools. SPONSORED "Fill the Western Sky" campaign elevates WCU athletics program Western Carolina University&rsquo;s E.J. Whitmire Stadium has been a cornerstone of Catamount pride for 50 years. As they celebrate this milestone, it's clear that th SPONSORED Q & A: Buncombe County property taxes, FEMA assistance in Hurricane Helene aftermath Everyone in Buncombe County is adjusting to life after Hurricane Helene and the many significant changes that come along with that. In the wake of this devastat Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page Carolina Moment What's your New Year's resolution? Here's what people in Asheville had to say As the calendar turns over to another year, millions of people are pressing reset. Local glassblower makes 1K Christmas ornaments each year For nearly three decades, Asheville has been home to glassblower and lampworker Jason Probstein. Carolina Kitchen: Creole Cheese Pecan Ring with Strawberry Preserves Carolina Kitchen: Creole Cheese Pecan Ring with Strawberry Preserves Carolina Moment: Man creates devices to 'amp' up musician inspiration Not far removed from downtown Asheville, there’s a small shed in the backyard of a home. Arboretum's 'Winter Lights' display dazzles guests for holiday season The annual Winter Lights at the North Carolina Arboretum is marking its 12th year of dazzling displays. Carolina Moment: Marshall farrier also channels her art through painting, tattoos Out in the quiet countryside of Marshall, farrier Grace Washinger was recently working on trimming horse’s hooves when we caught up with her. Carolina Moment: Cullowhee man treks from Oregon to Texas in coast-to-coast scooter rally Over the summer, 250 riders from around the world traded airport terminals for small tires and slower speeds. Carolina Moment: Local business aims to revive childhood nostalgia with slingshots Local Woodfin business owner Nathan Master has his sights on reinvigorating a somewhat forgotten sport.Shooting cans off a fence post with a slingshot was commo Carolina Moment: Celebrating 100 years of the Asheville Sessions that shaped country music To truly appreciate the history of Asheville's role in the birth of country music, you must understand its roots. Carolina Moment: Rage room in Asheville, a smashing way to let emotions fly Do you ever feel rage? Do you wish there were a place where you could scream, break stuff, and release your anger safely and healthily? Carolina Moment: Asheville Community Band creates a symphony of resilience after Helene After the destruction of Helene, the Asheville Community Band wanted to create something that symbolized the sounds before, during and after the storm. Carolina Moment: Flower shop branches out to fresh location after Helene's uprooting A local farmer and florist is turning heartbreak into a new beginning after Helene destroyed her storefront. Carolina Moment: The backyard bounty of edible plants found across western North Carolina The two western North Carolina-based herbalists led a walking tour of 15 nature lovers through the gardens and educated them on the benefits of many plants. Carolina Moment: The Haunted Farm returns after Helene's harrowing cancellation last year Helene destroyed most of the sets last year, forcing the closure of The Haunted Farm for the season. Carolina Moment: Marine Corps veteran shares love of Japanese art of Bonsai Jesse Jarvis, who served in the Marine Corps for four years, developed a love for the Japanese art of Bonsai. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page Ask 13 Ask 13: What is under construction next to the new Novant Health facility? Bravo Fonda wrote to News 13, asking: "What is the building under construction in the parking lot of the new Novant medical center on Hendersonville Road?" Ask 13: When will the new Asheville trampoline park open? "When will Big Air be open?" Diane Sutton wrote to Ask 13. "The 'coming soon' signs have been up for a long time." Ask 13: When will the Fresh Market in Hendersonville reopen? A News 13 viewer wrote to us asking: "Could you please let me know when the Hendersonville location of Fresh Market is expected to reopen?" See More Right arrow News 13 Investigates News 13 Investigates: Families in limbo as government buyout program stalls after Helene News 13 has spoken to many homeowners who have signed up for the buyout. Marion woman accused of embezzling over $122,000 from local church awaits trial A Marion woman is accused of stealing more than $122,000 from a small church where she served as treasurer for more than a decade. WNC family's plea: Gaps in care exposed when toddler needed emergency transport A local family is demanding answers after their three-year-old needed emergency brain surgery, but the system meant to help couldn't. Hard lesson: Homeowner's project turns into something resembling a 'lunar landscape' When Buncombe County homeowner Alina Nunez decided to install a new driveway and back patio, she never imagined she’d end up in court. See More Right arrow WNC Heroes New beginnings as Lake Lure's Flowering Bridge prepares for a spring revival In this week’s WNC Heroes, we visited Lake Lure, where volunteers continue to work to make their town bloom again. Highland Brewing marks one year after Helene with 'AVL Strong' beer release In this week’s WNC Heroes, we sat down with the president and CEO of Asheville's original craft brewery: Highland Brewing Company. 'He just went with his heart': 11-year-old becomes key translator in Helene relief efforts In this week’s WNC Heroes, we take you through the story of 11-year-old Camden Byers, a 6th grader at North Windy Ridge Intermediate School in Buncombe County. See More Right arrow Never Stop Learning Elementary students celebrate 28th annual Heritage Day with mountain traditions at Camp Pinnacle About 300 students and staff from Atkinson Elementary School celebrated Heritage Day this week at Camp Pinnacle in Henderson County.They learned about the heri BRCC's annual Public Safety College provides diverse training for local first responders Blue Ridge Community College's annual Public Safety College offers more than 35 classes. Immersive afterschool program at Zaniac Learning Center sparks interest in robotics, coding Fun activities are underway at Zaniac Learning Center in Biltmore Park Town Square. Nonprofit gifts educational tablets to underprivileged children in WNC to help prepare them for kindergarten More underprivileged children in western North Carolina are going to be properly educated by the time kindergarten starts thanks to the efforts of a nonprofit. See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info WLOS FCC Applications WLOS Public File Assistance WMYA FCC Info WMYA FCC Applications WMYA Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2025 Sinclair, Inc.