Warner Music Group | WMG Global Music Company & Collective Skip to content Warner Music Group Hamburger Icon Toggle main navigation Recording Artists Songwriters News Investors Careers Find Warner Music Group on Facebook Find Warner Music Group on Twitter Find Warner Music Group on Instagram Find Warner Music Group on TikTok Search Search Submit Shape Dismiss search Shape Change site to dark mode Mute video Mute video Warner Music Group | WMG Global Music Company & Collective Warner Music Group Wordmark We’re here to turn dreams into stardom and audiences into fans . Recording Artists Songwriters Music Careers That make an impact Work at WMG We’re a global collective of music lovers and music makers. First and foremost, we love music, and we work tirelessly to support the people who make it – the artists, the songwriters, the producers, and everyone else who helps turn inspiration into art that moves the world. We’re imaginative entrepreneurs and tech innovators. We believe that tech and music have always gone hand in hand, and we’re using our future-thinking approach to strengthen global services to artists and songwriters and set WMG up as the model of the modern music company. We know that great talent needs a passionate team The best teams are filled with individuals of diverse tastes, backgrounds, skillsets, beliefs, and lived experiences. We’re committed to the growth of our people across the globe, upholding our values of curiosity, collaboration, and commitment. If this resonates with you, click here to explore the teams who are looking for your talent! Work at WMG Back to top Warner Music Group Recording Artists Songwriters News Investors Careers Contact FAQ Investor Relations Artist Royalties Modern Slavery Statement UK Group Tax Strategy Impact Report UK Pay Gaps Report 2024 WMG Artist Royalties Portal Leadership WMG Statement Regarding AI Technologies Social Justice Fund Find Warner Music Group on Facebook Find Warner Music Group on Twitter Find Warner Music Group on Instagram Find Warner Music Group on TikTok Copyright © 2026 Warner Music Group Inc. Site made in collaboration with CMYK . Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Cookie Settings