Skip to main content
Top links
APPLY
 
A–Z
 
FIND PEOPLE
 
GOWMU
 
VISIT
Keywords
Main navigation
Academics
Admissions
Financial Aid
Student Life
Athletics
Research
Give
Pause
Begin your Bronco journey
Apply now or schedule a visit to see our beautiful campus.
Apply now
Schedule your visit
Broncos are empowered

You’re an individual who is truly unique. We celebrate the passions that drive you and the possibilities that inspire you. Here, a degree is a pursuit of purpose where learning empowers you, well-being strengthens you and an experience-driven education leads to a meaningful career. Western is the place to become your best self.

First year
Transfer
International
Graduate
Visit us
Learn and live in the No. 3 Best Metro Area in America for new college grads (Smart Asset, 2023). Visit our campus perfectly positioned between Chicago and Detroit and less than an hour’s drive from Lake Michigan.
Apply now
Pursue a meaningful career at a University designed to develop the whole you. You’ll find everything you need to thrive intellectually, emotionally, physically and socially both in and out of the classroom.
Explore academics

Experience-Driven Learning will give you a leg up when you’re ready to pursue a meaningful career. You can capitalize on the wealth of internships and similar opportunities available as soon as you arrive on campus.

9 of 10

Broncos are employed quickly, working in their field in jobs they like

—2023-24 Career Outcomes Report
Explore the data
97%

of Broncos had instructors who made them excited about learning

—2023-24 Career Outcomes Report
Explore the data
93%

of Broncos participate in Experience-Driven Learning

—2023-24 Career Outcomes Report
Explore the data
Thrive on campus
Wellness at Western
Holistic wellness tools available to Broncos—WellTrack and Uwill—promote self-reflection and allow students to be proactive with their health and well-being.
The Bronco Promise

Free tuition and fees for up to four years for full-time, first-year students from Michigan whose family has an adjusted gross income of $50,000 or less and net assets below $75,000. FAFSA must be completed by July 1.

A place to belong
The new student center is the heart of campus where students can find community and belonging.
As a student, going to class is your 9 to 5 … but Western also fills that 5 to 9 gap. That's really what makes the difference; it's not just having awesome faculty and professors but having awesome student leaders and the Office of Student Engagement and everyone who works to help develop students on their off time.
—Laila Stein, B.S.‘23 , aviation flight science, aviation management and operations
Careers
Explore careers, interviewing, internships and jobs.
Prepare to prosper
Research
See why Western is a leader in research and innovation.
Get started
Global learning
Advance global and intercultural competence.
Discover the world
Bookstore
Find all your essentials for success at Western.
Get your gear
The Bronco family

No matter if you’re an alumnus or family member of a current student, you’re a part of the Bronco family. Keep connected with our news, events and campus updates, and become an active member in our community.

Family resources
Alumni
News
‘Greatest moment of my life’: WMU Theatre student blows judges away on ‘The Voice’
WMU awarded $13.7M federal grant to support college readiness for thousands of regional middle schoolers
Students invited into huddle to design state-of-the-art athletic performance center
ArtPrize internship helps kinetic imaging students see big picture
More news
Events
Death and Data
Date:
Nov. 3, 2025 — midnight

Location:
Resonant Gallery
Death and Data, on view at the Resonant Gallery, is a compelling group exhibition that explores the deep connection between our ephemeral bodies, digital life, and the mystery of death. Featuring the work of fifteen contemporary artists, the show confronts how technology attempts to define us while examining the primal data encoded in our flesh, experiences and hard drives.
Winter recess
Date:
Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025 — All day
Wednesday, Dec. 31, 2025 — All day
Thursday, Jan. 1, 2026 — All day
Friday, Jan. 2, 2026 — All day

2026 New Year's Open Tennis Tournaments—Jan. 2–4
Date:
Jan. 2

Time:
5 to 10 p.m.
Location:
West HIlls Athletic Club
New Year's Open Tennis Tournament, Friday–Sunday, Jan. 2–4 at West Hills Athletic Club.
Introduction to Data Analysis Using Excel
Date:
Jan. 7

Time:
2 to 5 p.m.
Location:
Waldo Library
Join Daria Orlowska, data librarian, for a live demonstration of combining, organizing and analyzing data.
More events
Apply to WMU
Schedule your campus visit
Request info
Footer menu
Audiences
Alumni and Donors
Businesses
Veterans
Locations
Grand Rapids
Kalamazoo
Online Education
Stryker School of Medicine
Services
Accessibility
Campus Safety Information and Resources
Human Resources
Maps
Parking

Western Michigan University
Kalamazoo MI 49008-5200 USA
(269) 387-1000
Contact WMU

WMU Notice of Non-Discrimination
Land Acknowledgment Statement
© 2025 All rights reserved.

Social