NEWS
SEARCH
Personalize
Top Stories
Live
World
Journalism Review
Business
Science & Technology
Sport
Environment
Arts & Culture
Health
More
Kosovo's 'political earthquake' election sees Kurti resurgent
The Star | 29 Dec, 14:07

PRISTINA, Dec 29 (Reuters) - An emphatic...

Putin amends law to let Russia ignore foreign criminal courts
The Star | 29 Dec, 14:07

MOSCOW, Dec 29 (Reuters) - President...

Trump-Zelenskiy talks yield no progress on Ukraine-Russia territorial issues
The Star | 29 Dec, 14:07

KYIV, Dec 29 (Reuters) - Russia and...

Staining the Labels of History
The Nation | 29 Dec, 13:53

Felipe Galindo The Kennedy Center Board of Trustees voted to rename the institution The Donald J. Trump and The John F. Kennedy Memorial Center for the Performing Arts. . ......

Syria secures, opens criminal probe into Assad-era mass grave
Daily Sabah | 29 Dec, 13:44

Syria’s government ordered troops to guard a mass grave used to conceal atrocities under Bashar Assad and opened a criminal investigation after a media report that detailed a years ......

China slams Israel recognizing Somaliland as 'foreign interference'
Daily Sabah | 29 Dec, 13:44

China on Monday joined a growing list of countries opposing Israel’s recognition of Somaliland, with Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lin Jian saying Beijing is concerned by the move ......

Top Stories
Türkiye vows continued fight against terrorism after deadly Daesh raid
Daily Sabah | 29 Dec, 13:44

President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and several Turkish officials on Monday expressed condolences for police officers killed during a counterterrorism operation targeting the Daesh terr ......

Big Tech basically took Trump’s unpredictable trade war lying down
Ars Technica | 29 Dec, 13:36

As the first year of Donald Trump's chaotic trade war winds down, the tech industry is stuck scratching its head, with no practical way to anticipate what twists and turns to expect...

Gaza health official says miscarriages surge as births fall by 40%
Middle East Monitor | 29 Dec, 13:35

The Director General of the Ministry of Health in the Gaza Strip, Munir al-Barsh, said there has been a sharp rise...

Somalis protest Israel’s recognition of Somaliland
Middle East Monitor | 29 Dec, 13:35

Hundreds of people gathered Sunday in Somalia’s capital Mogadishu to protest Israel’s decision to recognize Somaliland,...

Harsh winter in Gaza deepens suffering after more than 2 years of Israeli war: UN agency
Middle East Monitor | 29 Dec, 13:35

Harsh winter weather in the Gaza Strip is compounding the suffering of civilians after more than two years of Israeli...

Israel releases 10 Palestinians held in Gaza under ceasefire deal
Middle East Monitor | 29 Dec, 13:35

Israel releases 10 Palestinians who were detained from Gaza under a ceasefire and prisoner exchange agreement reached with...

UN experts urge UK to protect lives of pro-Palestine hunger strikers
Middle East Monitor | 29 Dec, 13:35

United Nations experts have called on Britain to protect the lives and rights of detained pro-Palestine activists who...

Iran launches 3 new satellites aboard Russia’s Soyuz carrier
Middle East Monitor | 29 Dec, 13:35

Iran on Sunday successfully launched three new satellites into space aboard a Russian Soyuz rocket in Russia’s Far East,...

Three Turkish police officers and six Islamic State militants killed in clash in northwest ‍Turkey
Haaretz | 29 Dec, 13:32

Turkish President Erdogan vowed to press...

Zelensky: 15-year US security guarantee part of peace proposal
The Hill | 29 Dec, 13:28

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky told...

Trump and Zelensky appear more upbeat - but show little evidence that peace is near ...
BBC News | 29 Dec, 13:08

Although both leaders express optimism in Florida there is no indication of progress, writes the BBC's Vitaliy Shevchenko. ......

Report: Trump and Zelenskyy Discuss Peace Plan at Mar-a-Lago
India Today | 29 Dec, 13:02

Report: Trump and Zelenskyy Discuss Peace Plan at Mar-a-Lago ......

Special Report: India Braces for New Year Chill and Smog as Global Weather Patterns Shift
India Today | 29 Dec, 13:02

Special Report: India Braces for New Year Chill and Smog as Global Weather Patterns Shift ......

China launches live-fire drills around Taiwan; 1 lakh air passengers affected
India Today | 29 Dec, 13:02

China launches live-fire drills around Taiwan; 1 lakh air passengers affected ......

Tragedy as fire claims 16 lives at nursing home in Indonesia
Muskat Daily | 29 Dec, 12:46

Manado, Indonesia – At least 16 people have tragically lost their lives following a devastating fire at a...

French actress and activist Brigitte Bardot dies aged 91
Muskat Daily | 29 Dec, 12:46

Paris, France – French movie star and animal rights activist Brigitte Bardot has died at age 91, her foundation said on Sunday. “The Brigitte Bardot Foundation announces with immense sadness the death of its founder and president, Madame Brigitte Bardot,...

The essence of refined living: Adanté Realty unveils the Yenaier Residences Experience Centre
Muskat Daily | 29 Dec, 12:46

Muscat – Adanté Realty invites discerning investors, homebuyers and design connoisseurs to step into a world where architecture, artistry and lifestyle converge with the unveiling of the Yenaier Residences Experience Centre — an immersive showcase at...

US pledges $2 billion in humanitarian support to UN, State Department says
The Star | 29 Dec, 12:46

GENEVA, ‌Dec 29 (Reuters) - The United States has made a $2 ‌billion pledge for U.N. humanitarian aid, a U.S. ‌State Department official said on Monday, following major foreign aid cuts by the Trump administration in 2025. Read full story ......

One Dead, One Critically Injured After Two Helicopters Collide Mid-Air In New Jersey | Video
News18 | 29 Dec, 12:44

Only the pilots were on board each of the two helicopters, which collided mid-air above a city in New Jersey, resulting in the death of one person. ......

'Very Productive Call’: Trump Says He Spoke With Putin Ahead Of Zelenskyy Meeting
News18 | 29 Dec, 12:44

Trump and Zelenskyy to meet at Mar-a-Lago, talks on Ukraine's new 20-point peace plan and efforts to end the Russia-Ukraine war are likely to be on the agenda. ......

Concealer Or IV Bruises? Trump's 'Painted Hand' During Zelenskyy Meeting Sparks Health Concerns
News18 | 29 Dec, 12:44

Several photographs during his meeting with Volodymyr Zelenskyy showed a heavy amount of concealer applied to Trump's hand, sparking fresh rumours over his health. ......

Day After Christmas, 18-Year-Old Opens Fire At Parents In Pennsylvania; Mother Killed
News18 | 29 Dec, 12:44

Jarrod Noll shot his parents in New Freeport, Pennsylvania, killing his mother and injuring his father. After fleeing, he was arrested in West Virginia and faces homicide charges. ......

'Russia Wants Ukraine To Succeed,' Says Trump After Meeting Zelenskyy; His Reaction Goes Viral
News18 | 29 Dec, 12:44

Trump said Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed a willingness to help Ukraine "succeed," including through the provision of low-cost energy and other resources. ......

Hindu-Owned House Torched In Bangladesh's Pirojpur As Mob Violence Against Minorities Continues
News18 | 29 Dec, 12:44

Homes belonging to seven Hindu families were torched in Chattogram within five days as part of a broader attack on religious minorities in Bangladesh. ......

13 Dead, Nearly 100 Injured After Mexico's Interoceanic Train Derails; Rail Traffic Halted
News18 | 29 Dec, 12:44

A train derailed near Nizanda in Oaxaca, Mexico, killing 13 and injuring 98. The derailment hit the rail traffic. ......

Italy Arrests 9 For 'Funding' Hamas Through Charities, Assets Worth 8 Million Euros Seized
News18 | 29 Dec, 12:44

Italy arrested nine for allegedly financing Hamas via charities. The operation involved Eurojust and followed suspicious transactions flagged by authorities. ......

Leaks Show How Pak Military Ordered Media To Counter Qatar, Al Jazeera Over Afghan Coverage ...
News18 | 29 Dec, 12:43

Pakistani media houses were advised not to portray the Afghan Taliban regime as a “perfect or stabilising force” & were asked to challenge Qatar’s “dubious diplomatic neutrality” ......

Heritage At Risk: Intel Reports Flag Threats To Hindu, Buddhist Sites Across Pakistan | Exclusive
News18 | 29 Dec, 12:43

Sources allege that extremist groups have deliberately targeted Hindu and Buddhist imagery at several locations, defacing them with permanent paint or scratching out figures ......

Live Radio - News
BBC World Service
VOA International
Worldwide FM
NPR Radio
Sky News
FSNWorldNews
DLF Presseschau
IB3 Radio
Live Video - News
Al Jazeera
EuroNews Live
DW News Live
France 24
CNA Singapore
TRT World Live Turkey
Live Radio - Music
Music Blues
Celtic
Classic
Healing / Meditative
Hip hop RnB
Heavy Metal
Jazz
Rock Indie
News
Top Stories
Live
World
Business
Science & Technology
Sport
Environment
Arts & Culture
Health
Services
Edu.wn.com
Domaines.com
Wages.com
News Archive
View by day
View by year
Subscribe
WN Network
WN Regional Editions
Non-English Editions
WN Services
About WN Sitemap Help Privacy Policy Contact Jobs Students Feedback & Suggestions © 2025 All Rights Reserved, World News Inc.