Facts-Based News for Christians | WORLD Facebook Instagram Twitter Sound journalism, grounded in facts and Biblical truth | Donate My Account Update Preferences Logout Sign In Subscribe Give Give Online Give by Mail or Phone Give Stock Give through Donor Advised Fund Donate your Vehicle Estate Planning The Sift Roundups Opinions Podcasts Magazine Books Movies Topics Trump Trials Israel-Hamas War Business Compassion Culture Education Faith Family International Politics Science Columns Voices Opinions Search Archives Return to Main Menu Search The Sift / December 31, 2025 Indiana church claims discrimination after city stops building demolition Dagwood, Miss Marple welcomed on Public Domain Day 18 states planning tighter SNAP restrictions in 2026 Countries around the world ring in the New Year WORLD OPINIONS Aldhizer | Drawing moral lines Wood | Same Word, different words Suhr | Reflections of a Christmas baby Faith & Religion AI meets the Dead Sea Scrolls Can modern computer technology back up the Biblical timeline? 2025 Departures John Dawson |     From theologians to cinema icons, a look at the people who died this year Liberties Year in Review: First Amendment victories Courts offered broad support for religious liberty, free speech, and parental rights in 2025 A night of drones and explosions In Kyiv, visitors and residents respond to the latest attacks with fear, routine, and defiance Honorable mentions for children of all ages 2025 CHILDREN’S BOOK OF THE YEAR | The best in fiction, nonfiction, and picture books Divided diplomacy Trump and Zelenskyy report progress in peace talks, while Putin rejects key terms Parents vs. explicit books Supreme Court allows a decision favoring parental rights to stand, but the book banning debate isn’t over Vitals Year in Review: Pro-life battlegrounds 2025’s fight for life targeted abortion pills, Planned Parenthood funding, and assisted suicide’s expansion Remembering Paul Helm Carl R. Trueman |     The King’s College professor was a great scholar, churchman, and friend Roundups The Stew The Stew Year in Review: Twelve months of Trump 2.0 Schooled Schooled Year in Review: Protecting girls’ spaces Compassion Compassion Year in Review: Eyes on immigration Vitals Flushed away Liberties Little Sisters of the Poor appeals contraceptive mandate … again Relations Relations Year in Review: Highlighting family matters Sign Up for Roundup Newsletters WORLD Watch: Top Story Paris gondola line Magazine January 1, 2026  |  Vol. 41 No. 1 View Full Issue Podcasts The World and Everything in It Daily news, interviews, commentary, and original features reported from around the world, delivered to you every weekday morning. 0:00 The World and Everything ... WORLD Radio News Breaking news coverage from a Biblical worldview. 0:00 WORLD Radio News: 12-31-2... Doubletake In this narrative podcast, we tell stories creatively about interesting people encountering big ideas. It’s journalism plus storytelling, informed by a Biblical worldview. 0:00 DOUBLETAKE: Evidence Unse... Cartoon View More Voices Nick Eicher Fights and flights Lynn Vincent Crouching at the keyboard Kevin Martin Cut flowers are great, but they do not last Janie B. Cheaney Honoring the body Andrée Seu Peterson The mysterious commander Andrew T. Walker The foolish road Editor's Picks The audacity of Christmas Daniel Darling |     Why it’s right to sing the sweet tidings of joy amid the bitter horrors of a troubled world Contemplating the uncertain future MASTERWORKS | Caspar David Friedrich’s Wanderer Above the Sea of Fog The sadness of Christmas without children John Mac Ghlionn |     A holiday built on birth is dying in an increasingly childless West The moral beauty of Bedford Falls David Mitzenmacher |     How It’s a Wonderful Life affirms the created order Distilling godly wisdom 2025 BOOK OF THE YEAR | A timely examination of Tim Keller’s teachings on Christian living What’s the right way to honor Mary? R. Lucas Stamps |     Misplaced veneration by Catholics should not stop Protestants from holding the mother of the Lord in high esteem P.O. Box 20002 Asheville, NC 28802 (828) 253-8063 About About WORLD Statement of Faith Contact Advertise Masthead Podcast Team Careers Give Donate to WORLD Donate Your Vehicle Resources Tribute to Joel Belz Pro-life Issue Books Issue Newsletters Writer Archives Merch Store Alexa News Briefing iHeartRadio Podcast RSS WORLD News Group App Support Login Subscribe Email Preferences Website Help Account Help Commenting Policy Privacy Policy WORLD NEWS GROUP WORLDkids WORLDteen God’s Big WORLD WORLD Watch World Journalism Institute © 1986-2025 WORLD NEWS GROUP. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.