Skip to main content
Announcement Bar
Register now for a virtual educator workshop on Jan. 14, 2026. Explore strategies to integrate women’s history into lessons. Sign Up
×
 National Women's History Museum
Toggle navigation
Main navigation
WOMEN’S HISTORY
Frequently Asked Questions
Biographies
Oral Histories
Oral Histories
Articles
Resources
Women on the Web: Links and Resources
Women on the Web: Links and Resources
Women's History Month
Chronicles of American Women: Your History Makers
Women Writing History: A Coronavirus Journaling Project
EXHIBITIONS
We Who Believe in Freedom: Black Feminist DC
Online Exhibitions
Students & Educators
Virtual Field Trips
Crusade for the Vote
Suffragist Biographies
Suffragist Biographies
Digital Classroom Resources
Explore by Topic
For Educators, By Educators
National History Day
Research Resources
Where are the Women? Curriculum Study
Virtual Workshops for Educators
PUBLIC PROGRAMS & EVENTS
Request a Speaker
NWHM Speakers Bureau
Women's History 101 Virtual Talks
NWHM Speakers Bureau
Women's History 101 Virtual Talks
Events
America at 250
American Women Quarters™ Program
Glass Ceiling Breaker
Women Making History Awards
Past Honorees
Past Honorees
ABOUT US
Leadership
Newsroom
Scholars Advisory Council
National Coalition
History
Careers
Contact Us
Financials & Reports
SUPPORT US
Donate
Charter Membership
1920 Society
Honor Roll
More Ways to Give
Email Signup
Shop
SHOP
Donate
Search
JOIN
SHOP
Donate
Discovering, preserving, and sharing the inspiring stories of women who helped to shape history.

“Each time a girl opens a book and reads a womanless history, she learns she is worth less.”
— Myra Pollack Sadker —

Awareness inspires action, and helps keep women’s stories out of the margins.

Our bold She Is Not a Footnote campaign videos spotlight hidden figures in STEM and remind us: we can’t rewrite the past, but we can shape the future. Watch videos. →

Shop our online store to support our work.

All proceeds benefit our mission to tell a more accurate, complete, and inclusive history. Shop with purpose. →

Explore Our Resources Support Women’s History
Featured Exhibition
We Who Believe In Freedom
Black Feminist DC

We Who Believe in Freedom: Black Feminist D.C. traced Black feminism in Washington, D.C. from the turn of the 20th century to today. This exhibition focused on the stories and voices of Black feminist organizers and theorists whose expansive work made a difference in the lives of Black women in their Washington, D.C. communities and for all people throughout the United States.

Explore Exhibition
Discover & Learn
EDUCATORS
Resources for our educators.

Gain access to curriculum guides, lesson plans, and digital resources to bring women’s history into your classroom.

Browse Resources →
ARTICLES
History is happening now.

Learn more about programs, read compelling interviews, and take a closer look at specific subjects.

Dive Deeper →
BIOGRAPHIES
Every woman has a story.

Read the in-depth stories of remarkable women who have made, and are still making, history.

Read Stories →
This Month in Women’s History
FEATURED BIOGRAPHY
Charity Adams Earley

Charity Adams Earley was an educator, soldier, and psychologist who paved the way for African American women in the military, in education, and in her community. Her most prominent role was leading the first African American women unit of the army on a tour of duty overseas during World War II.

Learn More →
MUSEUM NEWS
New Board Members: Scott Hefter and Joyce Winnecke

Their combined expertise in digital innovation, organizational strategy, and compelling storytelling will accelerate the Museum’s ability to deliver on its digital-first strategy and expand the ways women’s history is preserved, shared, and celebrated.

Read Update →
VIRTUAL WORKSHOP
Her Story Everywhere

January 14, 2026   |   4–6 P.M. EST
Designed especially for elementary teachers, this session will explore strategies to integrate women’s history into lessons—showing how women’s stories can strengthen inquiry, literacy, and critical thinking across subjects.

Register Now →
Support women’s history.
Help us preserve and share the stories that inspire future generations. Your support makes it possible to expand our digital offerings and reach more people worldwide.
Support Us Today
®
SUPPORT US
DONATE
Select Site Text Size
Regular
Large
Larger
Largest
STAY IN TOUCH
 
We’ll never share your email with anyone else
Terms of Use Privacy Policy
               GENEROUSLY SUPPORTED BY 
×