Create Contests, Giveaways, Polls and more for Social, Email, and your Website Campaigns Campaigns Giveaway Photo/Video Contest Poll Coupon Instant Win Form Personality Quiz Trivia Quiz Bracket Code Giveaway Instagram Giveaway Facebook Giveaway Hashtag Contest Features Pricing Sign In Get Started Free Sign In Get Started Free Campaigns Giveaway Photo/Video Contest Poll Coupon Instant Win Form Personality Quiz Trivia Quiz Bracket Code Giveaway Instagram Giveaway Facebook Giveaway Hashtag Contest Features Pricing One Marketing Platform, Endless Campaigns Easily create beautiful contests, giveaways, coupons, polls, quizzes, and more — all from one powerful platform. Get Started Free 4M+ Users 1B+ Participants 2010 Since Campaign Types What Will You Create ? Everything you need to create giveaways, custom forms, hashtag contests, coupons, polls, quizzes, photo contests and more. Giveaway Gather entries, motivate participants to share, and easily select random or specific winners. Learn More Photo/Video Contest Collect, curate, and display user generated content with custom entry forms, voting, and automatic hashtag entry. Learn More Poll Solicit feedback and gain insights from your audience with an easy to create poll. Learn More Coupon Incentivize your audience with one-per-person coupons for retail and ecommerce including printable coupons and unique digital codes. Learn More Instant Win Set the odds of winning any of several prizes and give participants a chance to win a prize instantly. Learn More Form Collect any type of information you require with a beautiful completely customizable web form. Learn More Personality Quiz What type of marketer are you?  Create interactive personality quizzes that entertain and engage while collecting more leads through social sharing. Learn More Trivia Quiz Test your audience's knowledge with an interactive trivia quiz for collecting leads, educating, and incentivizing your visitors. Learn More Bracket Create predictive and voting brackets with up to 64 choices that your audience can complete in one or more rounds. Learn More Code Giveaway Upload a list of unique codes and distribute one code for each unique person that participants in your giveaway. Learn More Instagram Giveaway Easily pick Instagram contest and giveaway winners from comments on your Instagram posts. Learn More Facebook Giveaway Easily pick Facebook contest and giveaway winners from reactions and comments on your Facebook posts. Learn More Hashtag Contest Collect, manage, and display user generated photos and videos from Instagram users who post content with your hashtag. Learn More Social Engage directly from your social posts. Collect participation from hashtags, likes, and comments. Email Place campaigns in emails and drive participants to your landing page. Landing Pages Perfect for driving traffic from emails, ads and social posts. Popups Prompt visitors to participate with our website popup option. Websites Embed campaigns directly on any website. Responsively sizes for mobile. Mobile Built for mobile. Easy to use in your native mobile apps. Multi-Channel Where Will You Use Your Campaigns? Awesome campaigns shouldn't be contained. Your Woobox campaigns can engage with your audience anywhere they are. Engage participants directly from your social posts, from your website through embeds and popups, and through landing page mini-sites. Explore Features Collection Methods How Will You Collect Submissions? We make it easy for participants to engage from anywhere. Collect from #hashtag posts on Instagram, Twitter and Facebook pages, likes and reactions on Facebook posts, comments on Instagram and Facebook, and of course forms on your landing pages and website. Hashtags Comments Likes Forms Uploads Reactions Achieve Results What Marketing Goals Will You Achieve? Grow email subscribers and social followers with giveaways and incentives. Expand social reach with user posted content. Show off your fans with hashtag galleries. Collect leads from your custom forms. Increase sales with unique discount codes. Engage and entertain your audience with polls and quizzes. Grow email subscribers & social followers Collect qualified leads Increase sales with discount codes Expand social reach with UGC Integrations How Will You Use Your Collected Data? Seamlessly leverage your campaign data in your other marketing efforts. Automatically signup email subscribers and export data into your favorite tools using our realtime integrations or through downloadable export files. Join 4+ Million Brands We've been helping marketers with our campaign platform since 2010. Find out why we're so popular. Create Your First Campaign Now Woobox lets you build forms, giveaways, contests, and more. Start for free — no credit card required. Get Started Free View Pricing One platform, endless campaigns. Create beautiful interactive experiences that engage your audience. Campaigns Giveaway Photo/Video Contest Poll Coupon Instant Win Form Personality Quiz Trivia Quiz Bracket Code Giveaway Instagram Giveaway Facebook Giveaway Hashtag Contest Resources Pricing Blog Help Center Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact 1-360-450-5200 support@woobox.com sales@woobox.com © 2025 Woobox. All rights reserved. Terms Privacy