UK's Largest Woodland Conservation Charity - Woodland Trust Skip to main content Shop Blog Become a member icon/search Created with Sketch. icon/search Created with Sketch. icon/search Created with Sketch. icon/search Created with Sketch. MENU CLOSE Trees, woods and wildlife A-Z tree guide British trees Tree pests and diseases Trees and climate change Benefits of trees Woodland animals Woodland plants Fungi and lichens Habitats Species identification guides Nature's Calendar Ancient Tree Inventory State of UK Woods and Trees 2025 Trees and woods: at the heart of nature recovery A-Z of British trees Explore our simple A-Z identification guide to the trees of Britain, from natives to naturalised and widely planted non-native species. You'll find images, tree descriptions and information on where you're likely to find them. See the list Protecting trees and woods Threats to woods and trees Campaign with us Take action in your community Tell us about a threat Urban trees Influencing government and policymakers Ancient woodland restoration State of UK Woods and Trees 2025 Landscape-scale conservation Catch up on our campaigns Discover our recent challenges and successes and how you can help. Get the latest news Visiting woods Find a wood Things to do Foraging Nature's Calendar Ancient Tree Inventory Events Walking Children and families Woods through the seasons Virtual tours Podcasts Discover more in the woods Things to do in the woods Foraging: what to look out for each month Nature's Calendar Find a wood near you We've got thousands of woods, free for you to visit, across the UK. Plan your journey Plant trees Free trees for schools and communities Tree planting advice How to choose a tree Where to plant How to plant a tree How to care for your trees Buy trees from our shop Trees for landowners and farmers Plant trees on your land with MOREwoods Benefits of agroforestry Managing trees and woods Woodland creation guide Woodland Carbon Why plant trees? Natural regeneration UK sourced and grown trees: why buy? Free trees for schools and communities We want to make sure everyone in the UK has the chance to plant a tree. Apply for a pack now About us What we do Our strategy Where we work How we are run Our history Working with us Careers with us Volunteering Our partners Our publications Latest blogs Campaigning works: five times your support saved ancient woods and trees Jay Henderson  •  17 Dec 2025 8 great things we’ve done for nature in 2025 Charlotte Varela  •  15 Dec 2025 Christmas wildlife crossword Danielle Wesley  •  12 Dec 2025 Support us Join Become a member Collect Nectar points with Woodland Trust membership Act Campaign with us Volunteer with us Your community Your school Tree Charter Events Partner with us Give Make a donation Support an appeal Leave a gift in your will Dedicate trees or woodland Give in memory Play our raffle Carbon donations Philanthropy and major gifts Donate your Nectar points How we spend your money Fundraise As an individual As a group At work Trees, woods and wildlife Back A-Z tree guide British trees Tree pests and diseases Trees and climate change Benefits of trees Woodland animals Woodland plants Fungi and lichens Habitats Species identification guides Nature's Calendar Ancient Tree Inventory State of UK Woods and Trees 2025 Trees and woods: at the heart of nature recovery Shop Blog Protecting trees and woods Back Threats to woods and trees Campaign with us Take action in your community Tell us about a threat Urban trees Influencing government and policymakers Ancient woodland restoration State of UK Woods and Trees 2025 Landscape-scale conservation Shop Blog Visiting woods Back Find a wood Things to do Back Things to do Foraging Nature's Calendar Ancient Tree Inventory Events Walking Children and families Woods through the seasons Virtual tours Podcasts Shop Blog Shop Blog Plant trees Back Free trees for schools and communities Tree planting advice Back Tree planting advice How to choose a tree Where to plant How to plant a tree How to care for your trees Shop Blog Buy trees from our shop Trees for landowners and farmers Plant trees on your land with MOREwoods Benefits of agroforestry Managing trees and woods Woodland creation guide Woodland Carbon Why plant trees? Natural regeneration UK sourced and grown trees: why buy? Shop Blog About us Back What we do Our strategy Where we work How we are run Our history Working with us Careers with us Volunteering Our partners Our publications Shop Blog Support us Back Join Back Join Become a member Collect Nectar points with Woodland Trust membership Shop Blog Act Back Act Campaign with us Volunteer with us Your community Your school Tree Charter Events Partner with us Shop Blog Give Back Give Make a donation Support an appeal Leave a gift in your will Dedicate trees or woodland Give in memory Play our raffle Carbon donations Philanthropy and major gifts Donate your Nectar points How we spend your money Shop Blog Fundraise Back Fundraise As an individual As a group At work Shop Blog Shop Blog Become a member Shop Blog Explore winter woodland Discover a different side to the woods, with bare branches, impressive icicles, frosty landscapes and magical sunsets. Find a wood near you Credit: Maggie Sully / Alamy Stock Photo Credit: Maggie Sully / Alamy Stock Photo Woods and trees are essential. For people. For wildlife. For life. That's why we're here. About us We create We create wildlife-rich woods and plant native trees to benefit nature, climate and people now and in the future. About us We protect We fight to protect woods and trees, preventing the loss of irreplaceable habitat, nature and carbon stores for a healthier future for everyone. About us We restore We bring damaged ancient woods back to life, restoring irreplaceable ecosystems to improve landscape resilience so that nature and people can thrive. About us We care We care for over 1,000 woods, keeping them open for you to explore and enjoy. We want to inspire a love for woods and trees for generations to come. more 68.5m Planted We have planted millions of trees since we began in 1972. 1,186 Saved We have saved thousands of woods with your help since 1999. 38k Revived We are bringing thousands of hectares of ancient woodland back to life. We want a world where woods and trees thrive for people and nature. We can't achieve our vision without you. Trees woods and wildlife A-Z of British trees Explore our simple A-Z identification guide to the trees of Britain, from natives to naturalised and widely planted non-native species. You'll find images, tree descriptions and information on where you're likely to find them. See the list Start planting Plant trees Free trees for schools and communities Trees help people and nature thrive and we need more of them in the ground. That’s why we’re giving thousands away free to schools, councils, clubs and more. Blog Combat climate change at home: 6 UK native trees to plant in small gardens Becca Smith  •  07 Oct 2022 BLOG British trees to plant in your garden: 14 native tree ideas Our top UK native trees to bring colour, interest and wildlife to your garden, including size and preferred conditions. more See what you've helped us achieve Blog 8 great things we’ve done for nature in 2025 Charlotte Varela  •  15 Dec 2025 Blog Campaigning works: five times your support saved ancient woods and trees Jay Henderson  •  17 Dec 2025 Support us How your support makes a difference Your support makes a big difference. Here's what we're achieving together. more Enjoy winter woodland Blog 8 enchanting rainforests to explore in the UK Charlotte Varela  •  12 Mar 2025 Visiting woods Nature's Calendar Help monitor the effects of climate change on wildlife near you. Your records contribute to a growing body of scientific evidence on global warming. Blog Winter wildlife watching: what, where and when to spot Rory Morrow  •  13 Jan 2025 more Make a difference Support us Woodland creation appeal Donate now to support our vital work, including the creation of life-giving new woodlands. With your help, we can build healthy habitats where precious wildlife can thrive. Support us Make a donation With your support, we can ensure woods are always there, free for everyone to enjoy. Support us Dedications Be it a single tree or an acre of woodland with a personalised bench, your dedication will provide a long-lasting tribute that can be visited time after time – and support local wildlife too. more Keep in touch with the nature you love Sign up to stay connected Contact us Jobs Press and media Newsletter Publications Accessibility Cookie policy Privacy policy Terms and conditions The Woodland Trust is a charity registered in England and Wales (No. 294344) and in Scotland (No. SC038885).  A non-profit-making company limited by guarantee. Registered in England No. 1982873. Woodland Trust (Enterprises) Limited, registered in England (No. 2296645), is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Woodland Trust. Registered office: Kempton Way, Grantham, Lincolnshire, NG31 6LL. The Woodland Trust and Woodland Trust Nature Detectives logos are registered trademarks. Images © protected Woodland Trust. VAT No. GB520 6111 04. Most Woodland Trust woods are certified to FSC® standards by the Soil Association. Certificate number SA-FM/COC-001270, Licence code FSC-C009406.