Wood Mackenzie | Data & analytics solutions Skip to main content Contact us Registration Sign in Toggle subsection visibility e58215ef7718 Contact us Registration Sign in Sign in Toggle subsection visibility My WoodMac Wood Mackenzie Lens® Lens Direct Power and Renewables Trading Analytics Supply Chain Analytics platform (previously PowerAdvocate) Account and preferences management Product training Help and support About Us About Us Toggle subsection visibility About Us Our Story Our People Our Values Our Customers Our Locations Contact us WoodMac Lab - Share your feedback Working At WoodMac Your Career Life at WoodMac Our Teams Our Culture Early Careers Industries & Services Industries & Services Toggle subsection visibility Explore our portfolio Upstream Emissions & Carbon Management Energy Transition Scenarios & Technologies Power & Renewables Gas & LNG Metals & Mining Oils & Chemicals Commodity Trading Analytics Supply Chain Analytics Consulting Market Insights Market Insights Toggle subsection visibility Market Insights, Blogs, podcasts & newsletters Market Insights Horizons Blogs Podcasts The Inside Track Book - Connected Guides and featured insights Energy Transition CCUS Electric vehicles US trade policies and tariffs Material Transition Events Events Toggle subsection visibility Browse Events Wood Mackenzie Events Industry Global events Asia Africa Europe North America Online Reports Online Reports Toggle subsection visibility Browse All Reports Power and renewables Upstream oil and gas Macroeconomics, risk and global trends Oil and gas markets Midstream oil and gas LNG Downstream oil refining Coal Metals markets Metals costs Chemicals Wallmaps for sale Lens Platform Lens Platform Toggle subsection visibility Already a customer? Log-in to access Lens Power & Renewables Hydrogen Upstream Subsurface Gas & LNG Metals & Mining Carbon Emissions Energy Transition Lens Direct - API Search Close About Us Explore Our Story Our People Our Values Our Customers Our Locations Contact us WoodMac Lab - Share your feedback Working At WoodMac Explore Your Career Life at WoodMac Our Teams Our Culture Early Careers Featured Let's Share the Sun Through our partnership, we’re transforming lives by delivering clean, reliable energy to communities in need. Learn more About Us Our Story Our People Our Values Our Customers Our Locations Contact us WoodMac Lab - Share your feedback Working At WoodMac Your Career Life at WoodMac Our Teams Our Culture Early Careers Explore our portfolio Explore All Upstream Accelerate your oil and gas strategies with unrivalled real-time data, immediate insights and trusted fiscal coverage. Emissions & Carbon Management Diversify your carbon management portfolio with detailed CCUS, offset and emissions data, all on one place. Energy Transition Scenarios & Technologies Get the trusted data and insight you need to thrive in a rapidly decarbonising energy landscape. Power & Renewables Accelerate the move to clean energy with low-carbon intelligence connecting assets, markets, and companies. Gas & LNG In-depth insights, supported by robust data offerings, thorough research, and comprehensive consulting services. Metals & Mining Access reliable research and analysis within and across the metals and mining industry to make strategic, operational and investment decisions. Oils & Chemicals Understand the connections from feedstocks to end products and how each fits. Commodity Trading Analytics Access real-time data and analytics in all major commodities with innovative data points and comprehensive insights to guide strategic and trading decisions. Supply Chain Analytics Identify and execute on cost savings, performance improvement, operational efficiency, and risk management opportunities across your organisation. Consulting Bespoke strategic, market and operational improvement consulting services in energy & natural resources to suit your specific needs. Consulting Positioning you for success Navigate market complexities and business issues with our expert team of industry consultants. Explore Consulting Explore our portfolio Upstream Emissions & Carbon Management Energy Transition Scenarios & Technologies Power & Renewables Gas & LNG Metals & Mining Oils & Chemicals Commodity Trading Analytics Supply Chain Analytics Consulting Market Insights, Blogs, podcasts & newsletters Market Insights News and insights Horizons Explore the themes shaping the energy transition with our monthly thought leadership. Blogs Unique energy insight, spanning the renewables, energy and natural resources supply chain, to support strategic decision-making. Podcasts Weekly discussions on the latest news and trends in energy, cleantech and renewables. The Inside Track Our weekly round up of the lasted opinions, new, industry analysis from our global analysts. Book - Connected Data and energy insight from our thought leaders, Jason Liu and Simon Flowers, Connected the book. Guides and featured insights Energy Transition In depth analysis of the energy transition and the path to a low carbon future. CCUS Explore the future growth potential for carbon capture, utilisation and storage. Electric vehicles Explore the growth trajectory for EVs and spot any possible bumps in the road. US trade policies and tariffs A look at the global economic impacts of new US trade measures. Material Transition Explore trends around sustainability, recycling and the circular economy and their impact on materials markets. 2025/26 update Energy transition outlook Wood Mackenzie's integrated modelling of energy transition scenarios Explore Market Insights, Blogs, podcasts & newsletters Market Insights Horizons Blogs Podcasts The Inside Track Book - Connected Guides and featured insights Energy Transition CCUS Electric vehicles US trade policies and tariffs Material Transition Browse Events Browse Wood Mackenzie Events Our global events bring together influential decision-makers from the energy sector. Industry Browse Wood Mackenzie events by Industry Global events Asia Africa Europe North America Featured event Solar & Energy Storage Summit 2026 29-30 April 2026, Denver Find out more Browse Events Wood Mackenzie Events Industry Global events Asia Africa Europe North America Browse All Reports Browse Power and renewables Upstream oil and gas Macroeconomics, risk and global trends Oil and gas markets Midstream oil and gas LNG Downstream oil refining Coal Metals markets Metals costs Chemicals Wallmaps for sale Reports Browse reports Make better commercial decisions with our objective insights and analyses. Explore reports Browse All Reports Power and renewables Upstream oil and gas Macroeconomics, risk and global trends Oil and gas markets Midstream oil and gas LNG Downstream oil refining Coal Metals markets Metals costs Chemicals Wallmaps for sale Already a customer? Log-in to access Lens Log-in Power & Renewables An integrated view of global renewable and conventional power data and insights across projects, technologies and markets. Hydrogen Maximise investment opportunities across the hydrogen, ammonia and methanol value chain. Upstream Industry renowned data and analysis to build resilient, sustainable portfolios. Subsurface Identify advantaged barrels and support critical investment decisions with an integrated view of commercial and technical data. Gas & LNG The single source for exploring industry data alongside leading expertise, analyses, and modelling insights. Metals & Mining Unlock robust data and new unique perspectives across key mined commodities needed to assess the mining landscape. Carbon Analysis of CCUS and offset opportunities to shape decarbonisation strategies. Emissions Decision intelligence to simplify the complexity of emissions risk management. Energy Transition Trusted modelling capabilities to navigate the energy transition Lens Direct - API Seamlessly integrate Wood Mackenzie data into your own proprietary systems with Lens Direct API services. Product Update Lens Subsurface Modelling Combining technical and commercial data with cutting-edge AI technology to enable you to make smarter, quicker decisions about capital allocation. Find out more Already a customer? Log-in to access Lens Power & Renewables Hydrogen Upstream Subsurface Gas & LNG Metals & Mining Carbon Emissions Energy Transition Lens Direct - API Access our research platforms Sign-in to our platforms to access our extensive research, our latest insight, data and analytics and to connect to our industry experts. My WoodMac Wood Mackenzie Lens® Lens Direct Power and Renewables Trading Analytics Supply Chain Analytics platform (previously PowerAdvocate) Account and preferences management Product training Help and support Search label Search Search Intelligence connected Energy data and analytics solutions for an interconnected world — enhanced by AI and human intelligence Discover our products Get an interconnected view Find out more Think beyond the silos Think beyond the silos Break away from fragmented data to thrive in a complex world that demands an interconnected view of the entire energy and natural resources supply chain. Uncover deep relationships Uncover deep relationships Explore connections between assets, technologies and industries, and the interplay across supply chains, government policies and global economies. See with absolute clarity See with absolute clarity Understand connections between commodities and make confident investment decisions in a complex energy landscape. The future of energy data and insights Synoptic Find out more Our 2025-26 Energy Transition Outlook is out now We explore the emerging technologies that will be pivotal. How the AI data boom is straining the grid, but accelerating innovation. And why critical minerals are the next strategic battleground. We’ve also mapped out four key transition scenarios – extended to 2060 – to give a more detailed analysis of what’s really shaping the transition. Get the insights Trusted data Market experts Proprietary methodology Trusted data Access the data others wish they had Get the industry’s deepest, broadest and most accurate data. Covering the whole energy transition supply chain. Lens Subsurface Lens Metals & Mining Commodity Trading Analytics Power Trading Analytics Supply Chain Analytics Market experts Understand the stories behind the data Add 2,600+ market experts, data scientists and thought leaders to your team – with direct access to senior analysts to guide your decisions. Lens Gas & LNG Lens Power & Renewables Corporate Strategy & Analytics Service Upstream Service Proprietary methodology Value with pinpoint accuracy Get the cross-commodity insights and valuation models you need to set your course in an increasingly complex world. Lens Upstream Lens Hydrogen Lens Carbon Trusted data Access the data others wish they had Get the industry’s deepest, broadest and most accurate data. Covering the whole energy transition supply chain. Lens Subsurface Lens Metals & Mining Commodity Trading Analytics Power Trading Analytics Supply Chain Analytics Market experts Understand the stories behind the data Add 2,600+ market experts, data scientists and thought leaders to your team – with direct access to senior analysts to guide your decisions. Lens Gas & LNG Lens Power & Renewables Corporate Strategy & Analytics Service Upstream Service Proprietary methodology Value with pinpoint accuracy Get the cross-commodity insights and valuation models you need to set your course in an increasingly complex world. Lens Upstream Lens Hydrogen Lens Carbon It’s time to break the siloes Connected is a bold, global analysis of the forces shaping the energy and natural resources ever-changing landscape. Authored by two of the industry’s most trusted voices, our CEO Jason Liu and Chief Analyst, Simon Flowers, the book distils decades of insight and our unparalleled market intelligence. An unmissable guide for key decision-makers and anyone navigating the transition. Get connected Explore news and thought leadership Loading... Inspiring natural resources decisions. Get valuable updates from our team of experts right into your inbox. Sign up for weekly insights DISCOVER Power & Renewables Energy Transition Consulting Events Reports RESOURCES News & Opinion Horizons Podcasts Customer support ABOUT WOODMAC About us Media centre Careers Our locations DISCOVER Power & Renewables Energy Transition Consulting Events Reports RESOURCES News & Opinion Horizons Podcasts Customer support ABOUT WOODMAC About us Media centre Careers Our locations Terms of use Privacy Policies Cookie Policy X X LinkedIn LinkedIn Bluesky Bluesky Youtube Youtube