Wordtune — Express yourself with confidence Features Paraphrase Paraphrase articles, essays, emails and more in one click. Rewrite Instantly paraphrase emails, articles, messages and more. Read and Summarize Maximize your efficiency by summarizing any text or video. AI writing Use AI to produce original, context-based copy. Grammar checker Instantly improve your grammar and correct your spelling. Humanize AI Humanize AI content effortlessly. Plans & pricing Learn Blog Help center FAQ Sign in Get started Get started Express yourself with confidence Shape your scattered thoughts into exactly what you mean to say with a free AI writer that can paraphrase, rewrite, correct your grammar, and more. Shape your scattered thoughts into exactly what you mean to say with a free AI writer that can paraphrase, rewrite, correct your grammar, and more. Get Wordtune for free No credit card required. Get a feel for what Wordtune can do for you Write. Rewrite. Repeat. Choose from a custom list of context-based rewrite suggestions that fit your writing style to help you express your thoughts accurately and authentically. Go formal, or keep it casual. Switch between casual and formal tones with the click of a button and keep your messaging on point. Proofreading made easy. Enjoy advanced AI proofreading capabilities that will ensure that your spelling, grammar, and phrasing are all spot-on — before you hit ‘send’. Get Wordtune for free No credit card required. Authentic AI writing done right Get Wordtune for free No credit card required. Contextual suggestions Utilize Wordtune’s AI capabilities to compliment your writing and create content that perfectly matches your writing in style, tone, and subject matter. Continue writing Let Wordtune pick up where you left off, ensuring that you never get stuck or run into writer’s block again. AI you can trust Wordtune doesn’t just give you options, it gives you facts. We check at least 5 sources before deeming a fact credible to use. Authentic AI writing done right Elaborate on your answer Propose an alternate viewpoint Explain in further detail Contextual suggestions Utilize Wordtune’s AI capabilities to compliment your writing and create content that perfectly matches your writing in style, tone, and subject matter. Continue writing Continue your text Continue writing Let Wordtune pick up where you left off, ensuring that you never get stuck or run into writer’s block again. Explain Clarify your point Emphasis Strengthen your point Add a conclusion Sum up your paragraph AI you can trust Wordtune doesn’t just give you options, it gives you facts. We check at least 5 sources before deeming a fact credible to use. Take your English to the next level Get Wordtune for free No credit card required. Write like a native. Sound like a natural. Wordtune uses advanced AI translation capabilities that will make you sound like a native-English speaker with just a click. Smart Translate Supercharge your vocabulary Discover new ways to express yourself with Wordtune's Smart Synonym generator. Wordtune in numbers 10M+ Users around the world 4.7/5 Our Chrome extension rating 782M Rewrite suggestions chosen 97% Our App Store rating 10 Languages supported for translation A writing assistant you can rely on “Wordtune is my go-to app for writing and editing. It's reliable, efficient, and cost-effective. It's the perfect choice for any writer looking to streamline their workflow.” Henry Stevenson Social Media Manager “Wordtune is so easy to use! I feel confident in my writing knowing that Wordtune can correct and enhance my piece of writing within minutes.” Olly Choi Analyst “The suggestions have improved my writing so much. I would recommend Wordtune to anyone struggling with grammar!” Amanda Graham Digital Marketing Manager "Wordtune is the best in my opinion, when it comes to rewriting content." Tracy Johnson Teacher "Though my writing's pretty cogent, I'm always running it through Wordtune to find inspiration and better ways to express myself." Becky Williams Small Business Owner "It's like having 10 friends all willing to suggest alternatives to a sentence I'm writing, and I can pick the best one without hurting anyone's feelings.  :-)" Ed Bockelman Customer Support Representative “Awesome app for academic writing. The AI feature is well suited for academic writers. It is my go-to sentence editing app.” Stacey Jones Student With you, anywhere you work Whether you're on your desktop, mobile device or using your favorite apps, Wordtune Rewrite is there for you. Sign up It's free FAQ What is Wordtune? Wordtune is an AI-powered paraphrasing tool and reading and writing assistant that can correct spelling and grammar, switch between formal and casual tones, lengthen or shorten sentences, and generate text based on your writing style. Aside from writing, Wordtune can also summarize documents, articles, webpages, and even YouTube videos. How is Wordtune different from other AI Writing assistants? While most writing assistants are great for correcting grammar and catching typos, as well as rewording sentences — Wordtune is a full-suite reading and writing assistant designed to aid writers, students, and professionals in every step of their writing process - from ideation to creation. Another major difference is Wordtune’s summarizing capabilities — making it a true one-stop-shop for all. Does Wordtune only work in English? While Wordtune can only write in English, it is capable of translating text into English from a wide array of languages including: Spanish, Mandarin, Arabic, Hindi, Korean, Hebrew, Russian, German, French or Portuguese into English. What styles of writing can Wordtune help with? Wordtune is great for casual, everyday writing needs like emails or texts, as well as more professional and specialized writing tasks — such as academic writing, work communications, and content creation. Can Wordtune help with essay writing? Yes. Wordtune is an ideal essay writing tool for students, as it includes citations and sources with the information it generates, allowing you to use it without worrying about misinformation. Furthermore, Wordtune allows you to lengthen or shorten your writing to meet word count requirements, as well as to paraphrase sources in order to avoid plagiarism. Can Wordtune correct grammar? Yes. If Wordtune recognizes a grammatical error in your writing, it will flag it and suggest alternate ways for you to word your sentence Find your true voice Get Wordtune for free No credit card required. Company Careers Privacy policy Terms of service FAQ Plans AI21 Labs Learn more Blog Help center Student discount Features Paraphrasing tool Rewrite Grammar checker Summarizer AI writing Proofreading tool Get Wordtune Chrome extension Microsoft Edge extension Wordtune for iOS Wordtune for business Company Careers Privacy policy Terms of service FAQ Plans AI21 Labs Learn more Blog Help center Student discount AI content detector Features Rewrite Grammar checker Summarizer AI writing Proofreading tool Get Wordtune Chrome extension Microsoft Edge extension Wordtune for iOS Wordtune for business All Rights Reserved © AI21 Labs, 2025 We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and personalize content. Some are essential for the website to function, while others help us improve your experience. For more information, please see our updated Privacy Policy . Accept