Blog
Free Tools
Resources
Solutions
About Us
Get a Demo
Free Google Ads Grader
Stop wasting money in Google Ads
Get an instant audit of your account with the Free Google Ads Performance Grader.
Get your grade
Get a true read
on your performance
THE GOOGLE ADS PERFORMANCE GRADER

How are your Google Ads really performing? Find out with a free, instant report card, with scores in nine key areas (plus tips on how to improve!)

Wasted spend
Quality Score
Click-through rate
Impression share
Best practices
Account activity
Long-tail keywords
Mobile optimization
Grade My Account
Get ready to grow your business

LocaliQ offers technology-backed marketing solutions built to help you find, convert, and keep more customers.

142M

hours saved

275M

leads delivered

$15.9B

in revenue generated

Seize your potential

Schedule a demo today to learn how LocaliQ’s marketing platform can help you achieve your goals.

Let’s Talk
The definitive guide to Google Ads performance
NEW INDUSTRY BENCHMARKS FOR 2025

Get exclusive access to search advertising benchmarks from over 16,000 campaigns across 23 industries.

Current industry averages for key metrics
Expert analysis from leading PPC professionals
Practical optimization checklists and action items
Actionable strategies to improve your ad performance
Get My Guide
Keyword research made fast and easy
THE FREE KEYWORD TOOL

Keyword research can be a slog, but our free tool makes it a cinch to find the keywords your business needs to drive traffic through SEO and PPC. Simply enter a keyword or URL to get:

Hundreds of relevant keyword suggestions
Tailored to your industry and location
With keyword volume and cost per click data
Using the latest Google Search data
Find My Keywords
The WordStream Blog
Visit the blog
AI Brand Impact: How to Measure Value Beyond Clicks

Website traffic is no longer the true measure of SEO success. We outline what is--and how to measure it.

Keep Reading
More articles
How to Do a Social Media Competitor Analysis

Your competition has a lot to teach you. Learn how to do a social media competitor analysis to get their playbooks.

How to Get YouTube Subscribers Using Google Ads

Grow your business's YouTube channel fast with these two Google Ads strategies designed to increase your subscriber rates.

10 AI Fails & Cautionary Tales (+Tips to Avoid Them)

These AI bloopers are a blueprint for using the technology better. Learn from these mistakes.

Learn more about marketing
Explore all our free resources
2025 Google Ads Benchmarks: Competitive Data & Insights for Your Industry

Find out how your search ads compare to industry benchmarks in our 2025 guide.

6 Easy Ways to Save Money in Google Ads NOW!

Find out how you can save money in Google Ads by improving your Quality Score with these six easy tips and tricks.

The Last Guide to Google Ads Account Structure You'll Ever Need

This is the easy, visual guide to a successful Google Ads account—from campaigns and ad groups to keywords and extensions.

Free Tools
Google Ads Grader
Facebook Ads Grader
Free Keyword Tool
Website Grader
Explore Topics
Copywriting
Facebook Ads
Industry News & Insights
Instagram
Lead Generation
Marketing Ideas
Paid Search Marketing
SEO
Social Media
Websites & Online Presence
Learn
Blog
Top Blog Posts
Guides
PPC University
Marketing 101
Infographics
Social Ads 101
Marketing Tips
Google Ads Industry Benchmarks
Facebook Advertising Benchmarks
How to Create a Social Media Strategy
Guide to Google Ads Account Structure
24 Ad Copy Examples
How Much Does Google Ads Cost?
Company
About WordStream
Careers
Solutions
Digital Marketing Solutions
Agency Solutions
Multi-Location Solutions
Contact Us
855.967.3787
+1.866.971.0933
© 2025 USA TODAY Co, Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | California Notice at Collection | Security | Your Privacy Choices | Terms & Conditions | Cookie Policy | Responsible Disclosure