Workaway - the site for cultural exchange. Gap year volunteer for food and accommodation whilst travelling abroad. Skip to: Content Main navigation Footer Find hosts Favourites Travel feed Login Login as Workawayer Login as Host Join Now Join as a Workawayer Join as a host Buy a gift membership Login Login as Workawayer Login as Host Find a host Top destinations Africa Asia Central America Europe Middle East North America Oceania South America Canada Costa Rica Thailand Greece Colombia Vietnam Brazil South Africa See all opportunities Show hosts near me Top host types Families & Homestays Individual exchanges Community projects NGOs & Charities House and pet sitting Teaching projects Farmstay experiences Hostels Boating & Sailing Environmental projects Animal care Surfing Yoga Others View the full host list Find a travel buddy How it works Information for workawayers Solo travellers Travelling Couples Travelling Families Language learners Digital nomads Travel safety tips Help & Support Verify by id Insurance How it works Information for hosts NGOs & Charities Families & Homestays House and pet sitting Child protection Community feedbacks How it works Meet up & Events Plan your journey Map out your adventures from 50000+ opportunities worldwide Find a travel buddy Share your Workaway adventures with fellow travellers Workawayers nearby Meet up and connect with Workawayers around you Events nearby Find events in your area or destinations to join Travel & learn Find a language buddy Learn a new language while sharing yours with others Gain new skills and qualifications Learn, improve or share your skills while traveling Earn Badges Earn badges and showcase your achievements Generate a reference letter Showcase what you have done during your travels Our community Travel stories and advice Workaway News Travel Stories Host of the Month Workawayer of the Month Inspiration Travelling Tips Using Workaway Workaway Foodie View the workaway blog How you can get involved? Workaway Ambassadors Workaway photo gallery Workaway.tv Giving back Projects we believe in Our Mission Climate action UN development goals Contributions that we make Foundation Donations - Kiva Safety Sign up or renew and enjoy 6 extra months + our free mini-guide! (Hurry -- offer ends 23:59 CET, 31 Dec 2025) Sign up or renew by 31 Dec to get 6 extra months + a free mini-guide! Travel differently, connect globally The largest and safest community for cultural exchange, working holidays, volunteering, house & pet sitting in 170 countries. Cultural exchange, working holidays and volunteering How it works Join as a Host 140698 Trees planted Connect with travellers Planning a trip and want a friend to share your adventure? Your travel companion is just a click away. Jordan about 4 seconds ago EleniT about 22 seconds ago Päivikki about 50 seconds ago Mae about 59 seconds ago Roger about 1 minute ago Valérie about 2 minutes ago Peter about 2 minutes ago Giuseppe about 2 minutes ago Find a travel buddy Meet other Workawayers What kind of exchange are you looking for? From NGOs to house sitting, boats to farmstays - there’s a world of diverse experiences waiting for you to explore. NGO Families School House and pet sitting Animal welfare and pet sitting Communities Boat Sustainable project Farmstay View the full host list Find your perfect host Over 50,000 opportunities in more than 170 countries worldwide. Pick your first adventure now! Switzerland (15) Come and help in a smaller, alternative household on lake Thun in Sundlauenen, Switzerland Greece (19) Some gardening and home help welcomed on the island of Milos, Greece Portugal (138) Welcoming some help on our farm in Alentejo, Portugal New Zealand (112) Join our family in the stunning Ruakokoputuna River Valley, New Zealand Tanzania (42) Help us to teach through play at our daycare centre in Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania Saint	Lucia (16) Enjoy a beautiful place in the tropics in Choiseul bay, Saint Lucia Last minute Germany (116) Mindful non-profit animal and permaculture farm in Gernsbach, Germany France (9) Renovating and chocolate project help in the Pyrenees, France View the full host list Discover our top destinations Canada Costa Rica Thailand Greece Colombia Vietnam Brazil South Africa Latest from the Workaway community Catch up with hosts and fellow Workawayers around the world, and get inspired by their latest adventures. Stay updated on projects from around the world Check out the latest hosts in your next destination Take a sneak peek at what the Workaway team is up to Get inspired by our community's adventures Meet and connect with fellow workawayers or a new travel buddy Updated host Australia A host has updated their profile! Check it out here. about 40 minutes ago Join us in the garden and enjoy simple living with nature near Nimbin, Australia Australia Meet up Italian couple backpacking South America from next May. Looking for authentic experiences in the wildlife and language exchange with locals and travelers. Edoardo & Emma are looking to meet other workawayers about 4 hours ago Edoardo & Emma Italy Meet up We are interested in Nature in general and helping out on farms and just being creative! Lucy & Kitty are looking to meet other workawayers about 2 hours ago Lucy & Kitty United Kingdom Updated host Colombia A host has updated their profile! Check it out here. about 39 minutes ago Help with home DIY project in San Andrés, Colombia Colombia Meet up Hi to who's reading that 🙏🙏
Im going to Colombia the 20 of january onna open ticket and plan to spend time in the cordillera near pasto. I have a big interest about learning traditional wisdom. Julien is looking to meet other workawayers about 1 hour ago Julien Canada Blog post Blog post: Christmas Gift Ideas for Every Travel Lover! about 17 days ago Workaway Updated host Canada A host has updated their profile! Check it out here. about 46 minutes ago Dog and horse lovers welcome at our home in Bridge Lake, BC, Canada Canada Language partner Language(s) I would like to learn : English, Spanish Gaetano is looking for a language buddy about 2 hours ago Gaetano Italy Italian Photo competition Wish you a wonderful life little turtle 👋🏼 Lara & Micha submitted a photo to the competition: about 7 days ago Lara & Micha Switzerland Photo competition Am I Seeing Double? Jake & Luna submitted a photo to the competition: about 2 days ago Jake & Luna United Kingdom Explore the Travel Feed View all feedbacks As seen in Discover more about Workaway Travel tips, inspiration, and personal stories on Workawaying and hosting. 10 hacks for first time workawayers 5 budget travel & workaway myths debunked 10 ways to connect with locals How to volunteer abroad without paying ridiculous agency fees Homeschooling with workaway Visit Workaway blog Enter the Workaway photo competition Discover and share your unique Workaway experiences through your lens. Helena & Sergio from Slovakia (Slovak Republic) Winner of November 2025 Edison & Maren from Germany Winner of October 2025 Galo from Ecuador Winner of September 2025 Submit your travel photos Your membership also entitles you to: Unlimited travel possibilities, with over 50,000+ cultural exchange opportunities waiting for you! 24 hour support for members Paid members have 24 hour access to our friendly support team. Tips on how to make your profile stand out We manually review each Workawayer's profile and offer personalised advice to help you highlight your skills. Personal reference letter Give your CV a boost by showcasing the unique experiences gained through Workaway. Talk to your personal advisor via live chat Reach out to the Workaway team and receive real-time answers to your questions. See hosts and Workawayers nearby on a map Message and start connecting with like-minded members in the area. Connect with fellow travellers Find travel buddies with common plans and interests. Connect profiles to visit hosts and explore your destination together! Join and host local events Explore events with like-minded community members wherever you go. Plant a tree in your name Workaway plants a tree on every new member's behalf to support climate action. Join Now A glimpse into the world of Workaway Explore the Workaway video gallery Watch official video Visit Workaway TV Watch official video Please accept
                                    marketing-cookies to watch this video. What we do to keep Workaway safe We strive to offer useful resources and ensure the safety of our community members with effective measures. Every profile reviewed Our team manually verifies every new Workawayer and host profile before they are listed on the site. Workaway Emergency Help We offer assistance towards emergency situations when a host fails to fulfil their commitments. 24 hour support Our 24/7 email support team is here to answer your questions and offer advice to help resolve any issues. ID verification Members can securely verify their identity via official ID to inspire trust and promote safety. Community feedback Our team reviews every feedback to help us stay informed and take action when appropriate. Child protection Projects that involve children are required to establish and comply with child protection guidelines. More about safety Workaway Giving Back We’re on a mission to make a positive impact through our travels! Fighting climate change Here at Workaway, we are committed to travelling sustainably and want to take responsibility in reducing our carbon footprint. Fighting climate change Our mission Our ultimate aim is to build a community of global travellers who want to see the world whilst contributing and giving back to the places they visit. Our mission Workaway foundation We believe empowering communities at a local level is one of the most impactful ways to help them build self-sustainable livelihoods. Workaway foundation Workaway Fighting Climate Change Help us plant more trees across the globe. 42 months of climate impact 140698 Trees planted in our forest 1180.73 t of carbon reduction More about Workaway Fighting Climate Change Your next adventure begins today Join the Workaway community today to unlock unique travel experiences with over 50,000 opportunities around the globe. Join Now Workaway Find a host Information for hosts Information for Workawayers Join as a Workawayer Join as a host Gift a Workaway experience Our community Workaway Blog Workaway Photo Gallery Workaway.tv Logos and Posters Our Mission Workaway Ambassadors Careers Information Help desk Safety FAQ Insurance Host Response Guarantee Terms and conditions Data and privacy policy Language Share the Workaway idea... Workawayer Login Workawayer Login Remember me on this device LOGIN WITH FACEBOOK LOGIN WITH GOOGLE Forgotten your password? Not registered yet? Join now! Host Login Not your account? Host Login