Workleap | AI talent management system for employee engagement Products Officevibe Engagement surveys and feedback Discover Officevibe Performance Performance review management and tracking Discover Performance Compensation Compensation and total rewards management Discover Compensation Platform All Workleap products integrated in one platform Workleap AI Transforming HR with AI Integrations Connect Workleap to your HR technology Solutions Industries Financial services Empowering secure and compliant financial workflows Technology Driving innovation and digital collaboration Professional services Enhancing productivity and client engagement See all industries Resources Learning hub Resource Library Survey generator Tools Courses Ebooks Template library Webinars and events Podcasts Compare Workleap More Workleap Blog Success stories Newsletter Company About us Careers Media Webinars & Events Redefining flexible work with intention Watch now Pricing Log in Get started free Request a demo For the growing SMB You make people decisions every day. Make great ones. Workleap connects to your existing tools to surface signals and guide managers to act faster on team engagement, individual performance, and compensation. Get started free Request a demo Over 70,000 leaders worldwide choose Workleap for their talent management Made for the small but mighty Streamlined teams, lean budgets, and limited HR resources do not mean lack of ambition. That’s why Workleap connects your tools into one smart flow to help your business grow. See the signals Get a clear picture of potential issues across teams early enough to avoid them. Understand instantly Don’t just surface insights: gain deep understanding of what trends mean for your business. Act with guidance Know what to do and where to act to make a greater impact, fast. Workleap Officevibe Stop turnover with better engagement, insights and actions Surface key trends, highlights and challenges with AI summaries of engagement Spot disengagement early with pulse surveys and feedback with AI-supported recommendations Celebrate wins and keep spirits high with built-in recognition Get started free Explore Officevibe Workleap performance Make performance management fast, fair, and frequent Create smarter review flows with flexible cycles and custom templates Help managers with 360 inputs and AI summarized insights Track growth in synch with your OKRs and goals throughout the year Get started free Explore Performance Workleap Compensation Master compensation with speed, clarity, and consistency Create a consistent and equitable pay structure tailored to your organization with easy-to-manage pay bands and compensation analytics. Make fair, informed pay decisions with configurable compensation reviews. Make smarter pay decisions with embedded market data from Mercer. Request a demo Explore Compensation Unlock more ways to elevate your workplace We offer products your people actually love to use. Workleap combines intuitive interfaces with beautiful designs that stand out from other HR tech, so you can see a real impact on your business without added complexity. Workleap AI Turn insights into action with Workleap AI Every Workleap product is enhanced with AI capabilities that help you understand, predict, and act on people data. From engagement insights to performance summaries, AI amplifies your impact across all people management activities. Explore Workleap AI Integrations Supercharge your HR tech Workleap seamlessly connects to your existing HRIS to automate user provisioning, notifications, and access so every update flows quietly in the background. You get a unified, secure, and user‑friendly talent management platform that reduces manual work and accelerates adoption. Explore Integrations “The AI features have been a huge support for managers, especially young or first-time managers. ” Afiqah Mustafa Manager of People Analytics and Rewards - QS “Culture is our North Star. Our people choose to come to work every day—and this helps us build a workplace worth choosing.” Melinda Maher Head of Talent Development “Without data, employee experience is impossible to understand. With Officevibe, we moved from gut feelings to real visibility.” Serena Amante Chief Human Resources Officer “Workleap has been instrumental in taking us a step closer to really enabling and empowering our people leaders to have our people-first mindset and get to know where to focus their energy.” Sara Attree Head of People Experience "I see issues raised that probably wouldn't have been discussed, but when prompted by Workleap Officevibe, it creates the opportunity to clarify and confirm expectations on both sides." Melanie Truscott Executive Director “The Workleap platform mirrors our old process almost 1-to-1—but removes the pain of managing it manually. It’s a lifesaver.” Rebecca Pritchard People & Culture Business Partner “Workleap allows us to focus on what matters — creating an incredible place to work.” Jessie Zhang Head of Finance "Workleap is strongly advocated for by our CEO and other senior leaders, who are engaged in the platform, responding to employee feedback and creating action plans based on scores and comments.” Amanda Mitchell Director, Strategic Initiative & Analytics Let’s get your people strategy *moving* Get started free Request a demo Workleap in your inbox I agree to receive Workleap newsletter and marketing emails. Welcome to the Workleap community! 🥳 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Products Pricing Officevibe Performance Compensation Platform Workleap AI Integrations Solutions Financial services Technology Professional services All industries Resources Help center Blog Resource library Success stories Compare Workleap Company About us Careers Media Contact Newsletter Partner program © 2025 Workleap Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. Trust Center English Français