Enterprise MCP for Agentic AI | Built on the #1 iPaaS | Workato Platform Platform Platform Overview Why Workato Universal Connectivity Security & Governance Pricing Enterprise MCP + Orchestration Modern iPaaS Enterprise Skills API Management MCP Gateway Data Orchestration AI Workflows Data Hub / MDM AI Copilots B2B / EDI Low-Code Apps Intelligent Document Processing (IDP) Agentic Agent Studio Agent Orchestration Enterprise Search Embedded Enterprise MCP for SaaS Embedded iPaaS Embedded Case Studies Agents Workato Genies Marketing Sales Customer Experience Support HR & Recruiting IT Security Build your own View all Featured Genie See CX Genie in action! Solutions App Integrations Salesforce Slack Marketo NetSuite ServiceNow Workday View all By Function IT Finance Support HR Marketing Sales Revenue Operations Product (Embed) by use case Order-to-cash Employee onboarding Enterprise iPaaS Product-led sales Embedded Integrations View all by industry Manufacturing Financial services Retail Logistics Healthcare Media BPO Non-profit Resources Resources Case Studies Ebooks Whitepapers Podcast View all Events Workato Conference View all Blog The Connector Product updates USER SUCCESS Documentation Support Ask Workato Pros Academy DEVELOPERS Developer Portal Developer Sandbox MCP CLI Partners Our Network Find a Partner Become a Partner Technology Partners System Integrators Featured Content Workato available in AWS marketplace US (English) 대한민국 (한국어) 日本 (日本語) Login Europe Singapore Japan Australia Israel Get a trial Talk to sales Talk to sales Let's chat 95% of  Enterprise AI projects FAIL Join the 5% that don’t. Workato Enterprise MCP delivers the context, trust, and accuracy AI agents need to act across your enterprise. Built on the #1 iPaaS. Get a trial Talk to sales Talk to sales Give any agent platform the enterprise skills and context it needs for accurate and secure results. claude − OPENAI + CURSOR + workato genies The next generation of agents built on Enterprise MCP Our agent builder leverages Enterprise MCP to build KPI-driven agents (Genies) that are fully autonomous - combining reasoning, action, and orchestration. Learn more Every department. One platform. 7x a Leader, 2x Furthest in Vision Workato is proud to be recognized as a Leader 7x a Leader, 2x Furthest in Vision 01 01/ 06 02 01/ 06 03 01/ 06 04 01/ 06 05 01/ 06 06 01/ 06 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Integration Platform as a Service Read report see why we’re Trusted by the very best 100k+ hours saved 98% faster to process employee relocation requests Watch video “Business users have organically started using Workato. Once we identify those business users, we elevate them to be champions to empower other teams or other people, and use them to get the next wave of scale.” Mohit Rao Head of Intelligent Automation Watch video Let’s start automating Company The Workato ONE Platform Why Workato About us Pricing Customers Partners Careers Workato Cares Press Predictable Pricing Commitment Product Enterprise iPaaS Embedded integrations Agentic API Management Data Orchestration Workflow Bots Low Code Apps B2B/EDI Insights Data Hub / MDM BPM Services Resources Demo Workato Conference Documentation Training Certification Customer Success Company Blog Product Blog Integration Library Learn What is an iPaaS? Why Embed? What is API Management? Software Integration Guide What is Process Automation? Workflow Automation Guide What is a System Integrator? API Integration Guide What is an Embedded iPaaS? Data Integration Guide Cloud Integration Guide Contact Contact Sales Contact Support Office Hours User Reviews Gartner Peer Insights™ G2 TrustRadius US (English) US (English) 대한민국 (한국어) 日本 (日本語) *GARTNER is a registered trademarks and service mark, and MAGIC QUADRANT is a registered trademark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved. Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Integration Platform as a Service, Worldwide, May 19, 2025 by analysts: Andrew Humphreys, Andrew Comes, Keith Guttridge, and Allan Wilkins. GARTNER is a registered trademarks and service mark, and MAGIC QUADRANT is a registered trademark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. This graphic was published by Gartner, Inc. as part of a larger research document and should be evaluated in the context of the entire document. The Gartner document is available upon request from Workato. © Workato 2025 Privacy Cookie Settings Email preferences Legal Sitemap Contact: (844) 469-6752 The trademarks WORKATO®, WORKBOT® and WORK JAM® are registered in U.S. Patent & Trademark Office to Workato, Inc.