#1 in Employee Recognition Software | Workhuman Careers Contact Homepage Platform About us Events Resources Request a Demo Request a Demo Toggle Navigation Recognition so smart, results are guaranteed guaranteed . The only recognition platform that surfaces peak performers by measuring patterns your managers can't see. Request a Demo trusted by the world’s leading organizations JR Jessica, recognize someone today Recognize Redeem Adam Smith Customer Outstanding support yet again! Thank you! 1 hour ago AS Kevin + 30 others Innovation 2 hours ago SM KL KE +28 Nathan Spaghetti New pet 2 hours ago NS Alex YD 10 years of service Yesterday AY You've a draft waiting CN CN Teamwork · 42 mins ago Thanks for all the hardwork!! Hey guys! I just want to say thanks for all the hard work that you all put in during the past two weeks. We all did our best and what we achieved is nothing short of just amazing! Fair play to all you guys for your hard work. I'm truly blessed 🙏 2000 points - Shout out Continue draft Pause SOCIAL RECOGNITION #1 in Employee Recognition Drive engagement, productivity, and retention with the world’s smartest recognition platform, backed by the power of Human Intelligence™ and endorsed by leading industry evaluators. ​ Social Recognition Get a demo SM From insights to impact! SM Cela fait un an! SM Job well done! We’re really focused on outcomes. … And measuring who is getting recognized, the frequency of recognition, linking it to retention, linking it to turnover implications – all of that demonstrates the return on investment is significant. CC Christopher Cardarelli Executive Director of Global Diversity and Inclusion at Merck Before we implemented Workhuman, we did not have a strong recognition culture…We went live in less than six months, and it was exactly what the organization needed at the right time. KW Ken Wagner Senior Director Global HR Platforms at PepsiCo When you can find a program like this that can help you future-proof your workforce, you want to hold on to that. RB Roxanne Bisby Davis Head of People Intelligence at Cisco Recognition can be an invaluable source of motivation and subsequently inspire people to do their best work. JW Jeff Weiner Executive Chairman of LinkedIn This is the difference between recognizing those people who are already great and finding the people who didn't know somebody valued them. LS Leslie Schall Director of Employee Experience, Engagement, and Purpose at Michelin 2M recognition moments 72% of awards have been peer-to-peer 5x less flight risk for new hires are recognized within their first year 300k employees Employees across around 88 countries 3M+ recognition moments in the first 3 years #1 in the World's best Workplace four years in a row 3X reduction in turnover with frequent recognition 4.5x lower flight risk for tenured employees (1-3 years) who have robust recognition experiences 54% showed a YOY increase on performance rating when they receive 3+ awards 83% of employees received an award globally 96% 96% retention rate for all employees who receive 4+ Bravo! awards 23k+ employees 1+ recognition moments decrease attrition to close to zero 5 years of increased manager quality ratings since start of using recognition as validation of leadership coaching. YOUR SUCCESS IS OUR MISSION Good Results. Guaranteed. Workhuman’s #1-ranked employee recognition platform is so effective at driving engagement and improving employee retention, we back it up with the HR industry’s only ROI guarantee. Launch a rewards program designed for success Reach program participation and activity levels Achieve your pre-defined metrics Experience ongoing business impact Talk to Sales Opens in a new tab See the ROI Guarantee Deeply scientific. Unmistakably human. We’ve spent decades perfecting the craft of recognition – from the art of what makes a message meaningful to the mechanics that drive outcomes. Our science-led, AI-native platform teaches people how to give higher-quality recognition, and offers a new window onto human behavior, showing executives where strategy is taking hold, where their brightest stars are, and what the future looks like for their organization. That’s recognition engineered with evidence, validated by outcomes. Why Workhuman Homepage Platform Social Recognition Conversations Life Events Service Milestones Community Celebrations Expert Consulting Capabilities Human Intelligence® Global Rewards Insights & Analytics Inclusion Advisor Team Awards Integrations Admin Hub Company The Mission Our Customers Leadership Careers Security & Privacy Social Responsibility News & Press Contact Us Events Upcoming Events Workhuman Live 2026 Opens in a new tab Workhuman Forum 2025 Opens in a new tab Workhuman Live Hub Workhuman Spotlight Webinars Become a Speaker Resources Popular Resources Blog Research Case Studies Thought Leadership Podcasts Workhuman Connect Login Opens in a new tab Platform Social Recognition Conversations Life Events Service Milestones Community Celebrations Expert Consulting Capabilities Human Intelligence® Global Rewards Insights & Analytics Inclusion Advisor Team Awards Integrations Admin Hub Company The Mission Our Customers Leadership Careers Security & Privacy Social Responsibility News & Press Contact Us Events Upcoming Events Workhuman Live 2026 Opens in a new tab Workhuman Forum 2025 Opens in a new tab Workhuman Live Hub Workhuman Spotlight Webinars Become a Speaker Resources Popular Resources Blog Research Case Studies Thought Leadership Podcasts Workhuman Connect Login Opens in a new tab Privacy Policy Opens in a new tab Cookie Policy Opens in a new tab Terms of Use Opens in a new tab Safe Harbor Statement Opens in a new tab Accessibility Statement Opens in a new tab Gender Pay Gap Ireland (2025) Opens in a new tab © 2026 Workhuman. All rights reserved. Made with Love by Workhuman Facebook Opens in a new tab Instagram Opens in a new tab Twitter Opens in a new tab LinkedIn Opens in a new tab YouTube Opens in a new tab