Omnissa Access™ | Identity integration for apps Our family sites Omnissa.com Community Documentation Knowledge Base Learning Omnissa Connect Partner Program Support Tech Zone Skip to main content Contact us Omnissa.com Community Documentation Knowledge Base Learning Omnissa Connect Partner Program Support Tech Zone Omnissa logo Products Omnissa products & platform services Browse the products that transform digital work for IT teams and employees.  See how the Horizon and Workspace ONE product families work with Omnissa platform services to help teams stay productive from virtually anywhere. See All Horizon® Horizon 8 Horizon Cloud App Volumes Workspace ONE® Workspace ONE UEM Workspace ONE Experience Management Workspace ONE Mobile Threat Defense Blog The platform imperative: From chaos to consolidation Read More Solutions Solutions Verticals Use cases The Omnissa platform Support flexible work with the first AI-driven digital work platform. Explore Digital employee experience Empower productive, satisfied employees Security & compliance Manage complexity and streamline security Unified endpoint management Enhance security without sacrificing experience Virtual desktops & apps Address the evolving needs of your workforce Education Federal government Financial services Healthcare Public sector Retail Application lifecycle management Employee experience measurement Empower frontline workers Endpoint risk & remediation Mac device management Manage mobile devices Modernize Windows management Proactive IT remediation Virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) Featured customer Customer Wiewelhove boosts Pharma IT with modern VDI from Omnissa Learn More View all customers Company About Omnissa We make digital work, work—for businesses and their people. Our vision is to deliver an autonomous workspace that is smart, seamless, and highly secure. Learn More Careers Join a team that's shaping the future of digital work. Explore how you can grow your career at Omnissa. Job openings Find your next opportunity. Browse open roles across departments and locations. Blogs Stay ahead with expert insights, product tips, and thought leadership from Omnissa on digital workspaces and IT strategy. News Stay up to date with the latest announcements, product updates, and industry insights from Omnissa. Case studies See how leading organizations use Omnissa to transform IT operations and improve employee experiences. Contact us Have a question or need support? Reach out to our team—we’re here to help. Blog New Horizon Client for a consistent cross-platform experience Read More Resources Omnissa ONE The autonomous workspace starts here. Discover on-demand content highlighting the most impactful moments from Omnissa ONE. Explore now Legal Access terms, policies, and legal resources that guide your use of Omnissa products and services. Partners Explore how our partner ecosystem helps extend the value of Omnissa across industries and use cases. Privacy Learn how Omnissa protects user data and upholds privacy across our platform and services. Security Discover how Omnissa safeguards your data and ensures platform integrity. Trust center Explore resources that ensure security, compliance, and transparency across Omnissa services. User portal Explore curated resources, expert tips, and privacy-first insights to help you get the most from Omnissa products. Value center Discover tools and guidance to help your organization maximize ROI and adoption with Omnissa. Blog DEX for Horizon: Partner ecosystem and integration expansion Read More Contact us Products Omnissa products & platform services Browse the products that transform digital work for IT teams and employees.  See how the Horizon and Workspace ONE product families work with Omnissa platform services to help teams stay productive from virtually anywhere. See All Horizon® Horizon 8 Horizon Cloud App Volumes Workspace ONE® Workspace ONE UEM Workspace ONE Experience Management Workspace ONE Mobile Threat Defense Solutions The Omnissa platform Support flexible work with the first AI-driven digital work platform. Explore Solutions Digital employee experience Security & compliance Unified endpoint management Virtual desktops & apps Verticals Education Federal government Financial services Healthcare Public sector Retail Use cases Application lifecycle management Employee experience measurement Empower frontline workers Endpoint risk & remediation Mac device management Manage mobile devices Modernize Windows management Proactive IT remediation Virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) Company About Omnissa We make digital work, work—for businesses and their people. Our vision is to deliver an autonomous workspace that is smart, seamless, and highly secure. Learn More Careers Job openings Blogs News Case studies Contact us Resources Omnissa ONE The autonomous workspace starts here. Discover on-demand content highlighting the most impactful moments from Omnissa ONE. Explore now Legal Partners Privacy Security Trust center User portal Value center Contact us Home Omnissa products and platform services Omnissa Access™ | Identity integration for apps Omnissa Access Strengthen compliance and reduce exposure by enforcing access based on device posture and user identity. Read solution overview benefits Identity solutions for the digital workspace Secure your environment with conditional access Protect corporate assets with conditional access based on device posture, user behavior, and location. Balance user experience and security Give end users what they need, when they need it while tailoring access and managing risk in real time. Integrate with identity and security ecosystems Easily integrate with leading IDPs for turnkey provisioning and management. Incorporate security signals into access decision making. FEATURES Why choose Access? Access broker Integrate with leading identity providers to reduce deployment time and enable more secure access to any application. Access broker Integrate with leading identity providers to reduce deployment time and enable more secure access to any application. Adaptive Multifactor Authentication (MFA) Provide native MFA or integrate with existing MFA providers to better secure access to applications and data and deliver a low friction experience to end users. Adaptive Multifactor Authentication (MFA) Provide native MFA or integrate with existing MFA providers to better secure access to applications and data and deliver a low friction experience to end users. Single Sign-On (SSO) Deliver single sign-on to web, SaaS, mobile, and virtual applications with Workspace ONE® Intelligent Hub. Single Sign-On (SSO) Deliver single sign-on to web, SaaS, mobile, and virtual applications with Workspace ONE® Intelligent Hub. Risk-based conditional access Create and implement access policies that leverage device enrollment, network, user behavior, location, and third-party security signals and information. Risk-based conditional access Create and implement access policies that leverage device enrollment, network, user behavior, location, and third-party security signals and information. USE CASES Solve your toughest challenges Providing consistent access to apps and data without compromising security is challenging. Omnissa Access can help. Enable zero trust Balance risk and continuously validate device, user, and application context to deliver least-privilege access to corporate resources. Accelerated app deployments Provide intrinsically secure, conditional access to any app on any device. Accelerate deployment times by brokering access based on complex identity, device, and app combinations. Single sign-on Continuously verify user, device, and login context to provide highly secure single sign-on and enable employee productivity while protecting corporate assets. What our customers are saying “Thanks to Omnissa Access, we now have MFA—something our MDM simply couldn’t support—adding a critical layer of security beyond just usernames and passwords. It’s given us greater confidence in protecting both our users and the bank’s sensitive data.” Uğur Koçer Windows Applications Design and Planning Manager,  Yapi Kredi Technology View Customer Story Learn, evaluate, implement Webpage Omnissa Access technical overview Designed to provide your employees with faster access to SaaS, web and native mobile apps with multi-factor authentication, conditional access and single sign-on. Learn More Solution Security and compliance Learn More Webpage Omnissa Access architecture Learn More Webpage Omnissa Access technical overview Designed to provide your employees with faster access to SaaS, web and native mobile apps with multi-factor authentication, conditional access and single sign-on. Learn More Solution Security and compliance Learn More Webpage Omnissa Access architecture Learn More Webpage Omnissa Access technical overview Designed to provide your employees with faster access to SaaS, web and native mobile apps with multi-factor authentication, conditional access and single sign-on. Learn More Solution Security and compliance Learn More Webpage Omnissa Access architecture Learn More Ready to get started? Discover how Omnissa Access streamlines authentication and secures app access—without compromising user experience. Contact Us Trial Access You are now being redirected to an external domain . This is a temporary redirect while we build our new infrastructure
          and rebrand our legacy content. This message will disappear in 10 seconds CONTINUE Omnissa logo Follow Omnissa on LinkedIn Follow Omnissa on Facebook Follow Omnissa on YouTube Follow Omnissa on Twitter © 2025 Omnissa, LLC 590 E Middlefield Road, Mountain View CA 94043 All Rights Reserved. Offerings Omnissa platform Platform services Products Resources Blog Partners Security response Trust center User portal Glossary Data rights request Company About News Careers Contact us Trust center Legal center Privacy notice Terms & conditions Cookies / Do not sell or share my personal information