Home | The World Happiness Report Skip to Main Content Home About FAQ Data Analysis News Subscribe LinkedIn Twitter / X YouTube ☰ ✕ Featured News Meet the author teams for World Happiness Report 2026 World Happiness Report 2025 In this year’s issue, we focus on the impact of caring and sharing on people’s happiness. Like ‘mercy’ in Shakespeare’s Merchant of Venice , caring is “twice-blessed” – it blesses those who give and those who receive. In this report, we investigate both of these effects: the benefits to the recipients of caring behaviour and the benefits to those who care for others. Read the Report Chapter 1 Executive Summary Chapter 2 Caring and sharing: Global analysis of happiness and kindness Chapter 3 Sharing meals with others: How sharing meals supports happiness and social connections Chapter 4 Living with others: How household size and family bonds relate to happiness Chapter 5 Connecting with others: How social connections improve the happiness of young adults Chapter 6 Supporting others: How prosocial behaviour reduces deaths of despair Chapter 7 Trusting others: How unhappiness and social distrust explain populism Chapter 8 Giving to others: How to convert your money into greater happiness for others Download the Report Appendices & Data Country Rankings WHR 2025 The World Happiness Report is the world’s foremost publication on global wellbeing and how to improve it. We combine open-access data from over 140 countries with high-quality analysis by world-leading researchers from a wide range of academic disciplines. About us Frequently asked questions The world’s happiest countries Our global happiness ranking is based on a single question that asks people to evaluate the quality of their life on a 0–10 scale. Finland has topped the rankings since 2018. How does your country compare? Explore the data In-depth analysis Every year, we assemble a team of world-leading researchers to explore the relationship between happiness, wellbeing, and a chosen theme. The theme for our 2025 report is caring and sharing. Read our analysis Latest News Leading experts to examine the impact of social media in World Happiness Report 2026 August 20, 2025 Submit a chapter proposal for World Happiness Report 2026 June 02, 2025 World Happiness Report 2025: People are much kinder than we expect, research shows March 20, 2025 View all news Watch & Listen The State of Happiness in 2025 African Launch 2025 Latin American Launch 2025 Caring and sharing | World Happiness Report 2025 The World Happiness Report powered by the Gallup World Poll How do we measure happiness? Watch more videos Receive the latest news and analysis from the World Happiness Report Subscribe The World Happiness Report is published by the Wellbeing Research Centre at the University of Oxford, in partnership with Gallup, the UN Sustainable Development Solutions Network and an independent editorial board. Any views expressed in this report do not necessarily reflect the views of any organisation, agency, or program of the United Nations. For general inquiries, please contact [email protected] . For media inquiries, please contact [email protected] . About FAQ Data Analysis News LinkedIn Follow the WHR on LinkedIn Twitter / X Follow the WHR on X/Twitter YouTube Follow the WHR on YouTube