World - The real human network. Discover new World App updates EN Get World App Your browser does not support the video tag. The real human network Introducing World Universal proof of human, finance and connection for every human. What it means for you A priority lane for humans online. World ID ensures secure access to things only humans (not bots) should have access to, like financial services, concert ticket sales, dating apps and video games. Learn about World ID Watch the keynote Your tools World ID An anonymous proof of human for the age of AI. World App An app that provides simple and easy access to World. World Chain A blockchain designed for real humans. Why World was started World is being built so every human benefits from the age of AI. Distinguish between humans and AI online. Access universally inclusive finance. And connect with other real humans. It's free to join and designed to be owned by everyone. Get World App Get started Join millions of humans in 160 countries with World ID. World Spaces are opening across the globe. Visit one near you to verify your free World ID and learn more. Find an Orb 0 Subscribe to World newsletter Be first to know about the thinking, ideas and technology behind a more human economic system Subscribe World ID World App World Chain Ecosystem Blog Privacy Policy Get World App Find an Orb Get the Orb Become an Operator Grants Developer Docs Whitepaper Open Source Media Center Learn Center World FAQs World Support World Foundation Metrics Definitions Careers Legal Center * Since token launched on July 24, 2023, i.e., excluding activity during beta phase of project ** The content speaks only as of the date indicated and not all countries listed have active operations. Further, it is subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and so may be incorrect and may change without notice. A full disclaimer can be found in our Terms of Use and Important User Information can be found on our Risks page. *** Eligibility for Worldcoin (WLD) tokens is restricted based on geography, age, and other factors. WLD is not available for distribution via World App to people, companies or organizations who are residents of, or are located or incorporated in the State of New York or other restricted territories. World Assets, Ltd. and World Foundation are not responsible for the availability of WLD on third party platforms, such as centralized or decentralized exchanges. For details, go to: https://world.org/legal/user-terms-and-conditions . Crypto products can be highly risky. Important User Information can be found at https://world.org/risks . ™ 2026 World Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Privacy Notice Trademark Policy Data Requests User Terms Risks Community Alerts