World Travel Awards Skip to content Skip to navigation Home Vote Enter Events Winners Nominees News Gallery Videos About Contact World Travel Awards serves to acknowledge, reward and celebrate excellence across all sectors of the global travel and tourism industry. 33 rd annual World Travel Awards open for submissions Entries are now open for the World Travel Awards 2026 programme. We invite travel and tourism organisations to put themselves forward for a chance to be recognised with the industry's most prestigious accolade. Enter Now World Travel Awards honours global innovators in the Kingdom of Bahrain Tourism royalty from across the globe convened in the Kingdom of Bahrain for the World Travel Awards Grand Final Gala Ceremony 2025 to recognise the travel organisations pushing the boundaries of excellence and innovation. Read More Event Details Winners Europe winners unveiled at star-studded Sardinia ceremony The finest travel brands from across Europe have been honoured at the World Travel Awards in Sardinia, Italy. The industry elite gathered at Forte Village Resort on the idyllic Mediterranean island for the WTA Europe Gala Ceremony 2025 to discover who among them had been crowned the best of the best. Read More Event Details Winners Photos Video Interviews Asia and Oceania's travel elite honoured in Hong Kong Asia and Oceania’s elite travel brands were in the spotlight at the World Travel Awards in Hong Kong. The stars of the industry convened for the World Travel Awards Asia & Oceania Gala Ceremony 2025 to find out who had won the most prestigious and highly sought-after honours in global tourism. Read More Event Details Winners Photos Video Interviews Winners unveiled at star-studded Saint Lucia ceremony The finest travel brands from across the Caribbean and North America have been honoured at the World Travel Awards in Saint Lucia. The industry elite gathered on the paradise island for the Caribbean & North America Gala Ceremony 2025 to discover who amongst them had been crowned the best of the best. Read More Event Details Winners Photos Video Interviews Latin America's travel and tourism elite celebrate at VIP reception in Cancún Tourism and hospitality dignitaries from across Latin America convened in Cancún, México for the second leg of World Travel Awards 2025 to honour the organisations pushing the boundaries of excellence and innovation across the region. Read More Event Details Winners Photos Video Interviews Africa and Indian Ocean's travel and tourism elite honoured at VIP reception in Tanzania Tourism and hospitality dignitaries from across Africa and the Indian Ocean convened in Tanzania for the opening leg of World Travel Awards 2025 to honour the organisations pushing the boundaries of excellence and innovation across the region. Read More Event Details Winners Photos Video Interviews Best in Travel Magazine – Meet the 2025 Winners This special series of Best in Travel magazine reveals the 2025 regional winners and promotes the award-winning credentials of the leading travel brands and tourism products to a readership of 120,000+ luxury travel consumers. Upcoming Events Middle East & Indian Ocean Gala Ceremony 2026 Dubai, UAE Sunday, 3 May 2026 More events Voting Dates Region Status Dates* Indian Ocean Closed Opens 9 Feb Middle East Closed Opens 9 Feb Africa Closed Opens 30 Mar Asia Closed Opens 30 Mar Caribbean Closed Opens 30 Mar Central America Closed Opens 30 Mar Europe Closed Opens 30 Mar North America Closed Opens 30 Mar Oceania Closed Opens 30 Mar South America Closed Opens 30 Mar * dates subject to change. Vote Winners Area Congratulations to all our winners! Visit our Winners Area to find out how you can further promote your success and excellence as a World Travel Awards winner. WINNERS AREA Nominees Area NOMINEES AREA Latest Photos Grand Final 2025 Middle East 2025 Europe 2025 Asia & Oceania 2025 Caribbean & North America 2025 Latin America 2025 More Photos Latest Videos Grandeur - VIP Services, Greece - Angelina Kaliptsidi, Chief Operating Officer Zulal Wellness Resort by Chiva Som, Qatar - Ammar Samad, General Manager Waldorf Astoria Cairo Heliopolis, Egypt - Andreas Jersabeck, General Manager More Videos In The News International Airport Review : Hong Kong International Airport recognised globally for customer experience innovation and seamless passenger services 26 December 2025 Travelmole : Peru reinforces its tourism leadership at the World Travel Awards 2025 with 5 wins 18 December 2025 Karryon : Revealed: All 308 of the World Travel Awards 2025 Grand Final winners 12 December 2025 Travel Daily News : World Travel Awards honours global innovators at 2025 Grand Final in Bahrain 8 December 2025 Turismo de Portugal : World Travel Awards 2025 honours Portugal with 12 awards 8 December 2025 More In The News Search Translate Find us on Social Media Newsletter Subscribe to the World Travel Awards newsletter to keep up to date with our latest news. Subscribe Our Portfolio About Us Contact Us Media How It Works Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy World Travel Awards™ Copyright © 1993 - 2026 All rights reserved