World Casino Directory - Casino Guide and Gambling Forums The best gambling news source! Subscribe to get weekly updates: Subscribe *By subscribing you are certifying that you are 18+ and accept our Privacy Policy Please confirm that you are not a robot. Subscribe World Casinos Continents North America South America Central America Caribbean West Europe East Europe Africa East Asia Central Asia Oceania Middle East Cruiseships Countries South Korea United States Macau, China France Philippines Singapore Netherlands United Kingdom Canada Argentina Germany Estonia Peru Russia Industry related features Casinos for Sale Casino Statistics Employment Casinos by operator MACAU High rollers, luxury casinos and hotels plus a rich heritage make Macau one of the world's premiere gaming destinations. LAS VEGAS Las Vegas casino resorts have been long known for their entertaining shows, endless casino action and bright lights. COTAI STRIP Biggest casinos in the world + newest casinos in Macau; Cotai Strip threatens mainland Macau for top gambling destination. ENTERTAINMENT CITY Sleeping giant of Asian casinos is the Philippines. Casino tour? Multiple multi-billion dollar casinos are operating here. ATLANTIC CITY Play in Atlantic City's wide variety of casinos and poker rooms. This is the place that inspired the board game Monopoly . Online Casinos Top Online Casinos T&C's Apply Casinos by category Full Directory New Live Dealer By Country By Software By Currency By Language Gamification Rogue More Info Casino bonuses Payment methods Gaming jurisdictions No deposit casino bonuses Cashback bonuses Live Dealer bonuses Non-sticky bonuses No Deposit Codes Affiliate programs Telegram Casinos Social Casinos Sweepstakes Casinos Online Casinos by Country South Korea United States United Kingdom Australia South Africa Canada France Philippines Nigeria Malaysia Singapore India Finland Germany China Ukraine Hong Kong Cyprus Turkey Greece Netherlands Sweden Mexico Poland News News Categories Casino Openings Casino Closings Gaming Law & Legislation Macau United States Las Vegas Atlantic City United Kingdom Russian German For Sale Games and Rules Games Video poker Blackjack Baccarat Roulette Poker Keno Craps Fixed Odds Slots Online Newest Progressive Free games All Video Slots Roulette Blackjack Craps Classic Slots Video Poker Keno Baccarat Scratch Unique Poker Top Online Poker T&C's Apply Play online Online poker rooms Online poker games News and tournaments Poker news Reference Free poker games Poker odds calculators Ranking poker hands Poker rules and variation How to play Texas Hold'em Poker dictionary History of poker History of Texas Hold'em Bingo Top Online Bingo T&C's Apply Sports Top Online Sportsbooks T&C's Apply Sports Betting 101 The basics of sports betting Different types of sports bets Tips for selecting a sportsbook Understanding and evaluating odds Betting on sports futures, props and lay bets Daily Fantasy Sports Daily fantasy sports eSports eSports Racing Top Online Racebooks Horse Racing Horse Racing Types of horse races Greyhound Racetracks Lottery Top World Lotteries Tickets World lottery results USA lottery results Canadian lottery results UK lottery results German lottery results Ireland lottery results New Zealand lottery results Puerto Rico lottery results EuroMillions lottery results State of Illinois Online Lottery Login / Register Loading... Gaming law Tribal gaming Major Casino News Casino proposals Casino project updates Casino openings Casino expansion projects Casino closings Gaming news by region Asia North America Central & South America Caribbean Europe Oceania Open Menu World Casinos SHOW ALL WORLD CASINOS Continets North America South America Central America Caribbean West Europe East Europe Africa East Asia Central Asia Oceania Middle East Cruiseships Countries United States Macau, China France Philippines Singapore Netherlands United Kingdom Canada Argentina Germany Estonia Peru Russia Industry related features Casinos for Sale Casino Statistics Employment Casinos by operator Online Casinos SHOW ALL ONLINE CASINOS Casinos by category Online casino directory New online casinos Live dealer casinos Casinos by country Casino software Casinos by currency Casinos by language Rogue Casinos Online slots Casino bonuses Payment methods Gaming jurisdictions No deposit casino bonuses Affiliate programs Telegram Casinos Social Casinos Sweepstakes Casinos Online Casinos by Country United States United Kingdom Australia South Africa Canada France Philippines Nigeria Malaysia Singapore India Finland Germany China Ukraine Hong Kong Cyprus Turkey Greece News SHOW ALL ONLINE NEWS Categories Casino Openings Casino Closings Gaming Law & Legislation Macau casino news United States casino news Las Vegas casino news Atlantic City casino news U.K. casino news Russian casino news German casino news Casinos for sale Games and Rules SHOW ALL GAMES AND RULES Games Video poker Blackjack Baccarat Roulette Poker Keno Craps Fixed Odds Slots Newest slots Video slots Progressive slots Reel slots Free games Free casino games Free video slots Free roulette Free blackjack Free craps Free classic slots Free video poker Free keno games Free baccarat games Free scratch games Free unique games Poker SHOW ALL POKER... Play online Online poker rooms Online poker games News and tournaments Poker news Reference Free poker games Poker odds calculators Ranking poker hands Poker rules and variations How to play Texas Hold'em Poker dictionary History of poker History of Texas Hold'em Bingo SHOW ALL BINGO... Bingo guide Bingo news How to play bingo History of bingo Sports SHOW ALL SPORT... Sports Betting 101 The basics of sports betting Different types of sports bets Tips for selecting a sportsbook Understanding and evaluating odds Betting on sports futures, props and lay bets Daily Fantasy Sports Daily fantasy sports eSports eSports Racing SHOW ALL RACING... Horse Racing Horse Racing Types of horse races Greyhound Racetracks Lottery SHOW ALL LOTTERY... World lottery results USA lottery results Canadian lottery results UK lottery results German lottery results Ireland lottery results New Zealand lottery results Puerto Rico lottery results EuroMillions lottery results State of Illinois Online Lottery Home / World Casinos World Gambling Guide - Casinos, Poker and Horse Racing - We Cover It All Continents East Asia North America Central
            America Caribbean South America Casino
            Cruiseships Africa Eastern
            Europe Western
            Europe Middle East Central Asia East Asia Oceania Countries South Korea Bangladesh Bhutan British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Cambodia China Hong Kong Indonesia Japan Laos Macau Malaysia Maldives Mongolia Myanmar Nepal North Korea Philippines Singapore South Korea Taiwan Thailand Vietnam Aland Islands Andorra Austria Belgium Denmark Faroe Islands Finland France Germany Gibraltar Guernsey Iceland Ireland Italy Jersey Liechtenstein Luxembourg Malta Monaco Netherlands Norway Portugal San Marino Slovakia Spain Svalbard and Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom Vatican Canada Greenland Mexico Saint Pierre and Miquelon United States Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Ecuador Falkland Islands French Guiana Guyana Paraguay Peru Suriname Uruguay Venezuela American Samoa Australia Christmas Island Cocos Islands Cook Islands East Timor Fiji French Polynesia Guam Kiribati Marshall Islands Micronesia Nauru New Caledonia New Zealand Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Palau Papua New Guinea Pitcairn Samoa Solomon Islands Tokelau Tonga Tuvalu United States Minor Outlying Islands Vanuatu Wallis and Futuna Algeria Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad Comoros Democratic Republic of the Congo Djibouti Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Ivory Coast Kenya Lesotho Liberia Libya Madagascar Malawi Mali Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Morocco Mozambique Namibia Niger Nigeria Republic of the Congo Reunion Rwanda Saint Helena Sao Tome and Principe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa South Sudan Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Togo Tunisia Uganda Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe Afghanistan Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia India Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Pakistan Sri Lanka Tajikistan Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Panama AS Tallink Grupp Big M Gaming LLC Carnival Cruise Line Celebrity Cruises Costa Cruises Crystal Cruises Cunard Cruise Line Delta Corp Limited Diamond Cruise International Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines Ltd. Genting Hong Kong, LTD Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. Holland America Line New Century Cruise Line Norwegian Cruise Line Oceania Cruises P&O Cruises Princess Cruises Regent Seven Seas Cruises Royal Caribbean Cruises Seabourn Cruise Line Silversea Cruises Three Affiliated Tribes of the Fort Berthold Reservation Victory Casino Cruises Windstar Cruises Albania Belarus Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Estonia Greece Hungary Kosovo Latvia Lithuania Macedonia Moldova Montenegro Poland Romania Russia Serbia Slovenia Ukraine Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Israel Jordan Kuwait Lebanon Oman Palestinian Territory Qatar Saudi Arabia Syria Turkey United Arab Emirates Yemen Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Aruba Bahamas Barbados Bermuda Bonaire British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Cuba Curaçao Dominica Dominican Republic Grenada Guadeloupe Haiti Jamaica Martinique Montserrat Netherlands Antilles Puerto Rico Saint Barthélemy Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Sint Maarten Trinidad and Tobago Turks and Caicos U.S. Virgin Islands Cruise Ships Seafaring gamblers in the Nordic region, especially the northern parts of the Baltic Sea, have been enjoying the gambling services of Paf on Tallink and Silja line cruises for over three decades. The Åland-based service provider's contract is up for renewal at five year periods with 2023 on the horizon fore or aft. Onboard games include popular slots, bingo, poker, table and card games, lotteries, and sports betting. Departure points for gambling cruises include Stockholm in Sweden along with Helsinki and Turku in Finland. The Baltic Princess sails out of Stockholm twice each day and offers full family entertainment and escape with a well-staffed Siljaland playroom for the kids. It's one of the newest ships on the Baltic and offers no-limit Texas Hold'em tournaments and daily live entertainment. Cruise ferry Galaxy offers 927 cabins over 12 decks, several restaurants and bars, as well as a kids zone. The onboard casino has slots, roulette, and blackjack tables. This vessel is often used for business meetings as the modern 450 conference center attracts the business class as well as weddings and family parties and gatherings. The sauna department is highly rated. The Silja Symphony departs from Stockholm and is an older ship launched in 1991. A favorite of many seeking a break, this is a unique vessel. The heart of the ship features a pedestrian streetwalk down the Promenade with top-tier restaurants, cafes, and a variety of shops on either side. The casino is located in the bow of the ship on Deck 7 where you'll find roulette, poker and slot machines. Silja Serenade Cruise Ship sails out of Helsinki and is perhaps the premier gambling ship in the fleet. There are ten classes of cabins and suites from the special cabins designed to accommodate people with special needs and those who are traveling with a pet or have allergies to the Executive Suite on Deck 11 with 75m2 of luxurious space and featuring its own sauna. Paf has recently upgraded the manual payment system in its casinos on the Tallink & Silja Line, replacing coins with tickets - adding another level of convenience and comfort for adventurers. AS Tallink Grupp services nearly 10 million passengers each year on its 14 consumer vessels. Paf also operates the casino aboard Casino Sunborn in Gibraltar , a 5-star superyacht, and the Paf Casino on Åland with more than 1,500 slot machines and 55 gaming tables in operation. Big M Gaming LLC operates two gambling cruise ships out of Little River, SC in the United States; Big "M" Casino Ship I and Big "M" Casino Ship II . The seaside of Little River is better known as Myrtle Beach. It is situated next to the South/North Carolina border and has been continuously inhabited since the first trading post was established in the 1700's. Big M offers 5-hour gambling cruises with a set-price all you can eat buffet and is very popular in the region. There are no land casinos in the state. The closest terrestrial casino is Harrah's Cherokee nearly 6 hours away in North Carolina. Due to strict gambling laws in the state, the only way to play blackjack or slots legally is to go out to sea. Gaming is only allowed after you are at least 3 miles away from shore but the ships may travel as far as 15 miles out. It takes about 45 minutes to reach international waters. The minimum age to board either ship is 21. Smoking is only allowed on the main deck casino during gaming hours. Both ships also offer smoke-free gaming decks with slot machines. Both ships offer Las Vegas-style gambling. Only Ship I has Texas Hold ’em poker. Both casinos host slots, roulette, craps, Let it Ride, 3-card poker and other specialty games. Both ships are well maintained and kept clean, although we wouldn't go so far as to refer to them as ' luxury yachts ' as the company does, they are nicely appointed and there is plenty of room to move around. The ships are rarely, if ever, out to sea at the same time so if you have a preference (outer deck smoking, prime rib or seafood buffets, etc.), it's always a good idea to call ahead or visit the website for a schedule and current prices. The water can get a bit rough any time of the year and the outings occur every month. Some people will choose to eat on the way out, others on the way back to port, and others may not eat at all. The price of the buffet is not included in boarding fees. The buffet deck is not handicap accessible but staff will gladly bring food to the main deck and set up a comfortable dining space for those who can't reach the restaurant. Sandwiches are available on the top deck throughout the cruise. BUffet prices are reasonable. Beer, wine, and well drinks are about the same price as you'll find in the town of Little River . Carnival Cruise Line offers casino gaming on over two dozen ships departing from the U.S. and other ports from Honolulu, Hawaii, and Miami, to Barcelona, Spain .  While the gaming centers may have different names from vessel to vessel, most are fairly generic capitalizing on formulas the cruise giant has developed over the years. Your Sail & Sign card also doubles as Carnival Players Club card at all of the casinos. The Ocean Players Club covers you on any Carnival Casino cruise, Ibero Cruceros, P&O Cruises, Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, Holland America, Cunard, Seabourn, and Princess Cruises. Carnival ships are family ships, so there's always a safe and healthy place for the kids to play while mom and dad head out for a little Las Vegas-style action during their escape to sea. Most Carnival casinos allow passengers 18 years of age and older to enter and play in the casinos. Common among most of the gaming decks are optional casino tournaments featuring slots, poker, and blackjack . The cost of tournaments change from time to time, ship to ship, and game to game but the payouts for winning on sheer luck can pay for the trip and more. Slots are the biggest draw with games from top developers and providers such as Aruze, Bally, and IGT. The Sphinx 3D™ by IGT gives players all the thrills they would ever expect in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. But if you want a dealer or croupier to get to know you by name you'll have to go to the table. Most of the blackjack tables have low buy-ins but if enough high rollers want a game your Carnival casino host will probably accommodate the request. You're not likely to find single-deck action but there are plenty of variations on the basic theme to keep most players happy including Face-Up 21, Fun 21, and classic blackjack. Most ships offer poker tournaments or at least a table or two for poker players. The electronic PokerPro tables might take some players a couple of minutes to get used to - just cup your hands around the display of face-down cards to see them revealed. If you're a poker junky and on a vessel with  Ocean Medallion technology, you can play 24/7 on your mobile device even if the tables floor tables are closed. Slots , bingo, and roulette are also available on some cruises. Players won't find free drinks coming around every few minutes like they do in Las Vegas, and you'll have to be at least 21 to order a partake, but Carnival offers double the comps for gameplay compared to other cruise lines. This means that your casino points add up to free beer, wine, and cocktails or even non-alcoholic drinks if you prefer. For the not-so-serious gamblers, there are also prize games - some require skill, and all require luck. Win a stack of greenbacks on the Cash Cube or try your hand at picking up pricey electronics and other prizes on a claw machine. Celebrity Cruises offer a single brand of casino experience across the fleet of gaming equipped vessels. Every Celebrity cruise ship except the Expedition has a Fortune Casino onboard. All ships offer blackjack, roulette, poker, craps, and a wide range of slot machines.  For guests on the Celebrity Solstice sailing out of Sydney, and several other cruises, baccarat (punto banco) is also available upon request. Since the casinos don't open for play until the cruise is in international waters, most gambling laws do not apply. Guests only need to be 18 years old to play, except for the Alaska Cruise which requires guests to be 21 or older.  No matter where the ship is, you need to be 21 to drink. Smoking is not allowed in any Fortunes Casino but all ships have designated outdoor smoking areas. Celebrity Cruises belongs to the International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) and adheres to council guidelines on gambling entertainment. All facilities and equipment meet regulatory standards equal to Nevada or other licensed jurisdictions for payback percentages ad internal software; abide by rules of play equal to Nevada, New Jersey or England, and all gambling operations are audited by Celebrity's internal audit department on a regular basis, among other controls. Fortunes Casino partners with MGM, so if you remember to use your player's club card you can earn comps and perks at land-based casinos while you are out at sea! All loyalty tiers can redeem points for free casino play. There are 5 tiers and players in the top 3 tiers receive anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars in free play each time they sail. There are now more than 20 perks and benefits associated with Blue Chip Club membership. Passengers will always find excellent dining and lounge options on Celebrity casino cruises as well as entertainment. Among the best-outfitted vessels for casino gaming players will find about 275 slot machines. Celebrity Millenium sailing out of Hong Kong, Infinity, Summit, and Constellation offer around 190 machines each, about a dozen mixed Las Vegas-style table games, and 1 electronic Pokermate Texas Hold 'Em table. Celebrity Reflection sailing out of Chile and Brazil, Equinox, Eclipse, Silhouette, and  Solstice each have more than a dozen tables with 2 poker tables each and baccarat upon request. All Fortune Casinos offer at least one single-deck blackjack table. Slots start at $0.01, they include reel slots and video bonus games. Video poker machines are included in the slot machines count. People who take the seas to gamble in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe know the Costa Cruises experience, or as the line is called in its native Italy, Costa Crociere. Vessels with onboard casinos include those sailing out of Marina Bay, Singapore ; Tianjin, China; Dubai, UAE; Port Louis, Mauritius; Mumbai, India and Savona, Italy . Starting out with cargo ships in 1854, the company started commercial activities from about 1924 until the first passenger services were begun in 1947 with regular services to South America. The then family-owned company eventually converted their fleet to cruising and became one of the largest operators in Europe before selling to Carnival in the year 2000. The Carnival family of companies now comprises  Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Crociere, Cunard Line, Holland America, Seabourn Cruise Lines, and Windstar Cruises with Costa accounting for about 16% of the parent company's revenue. Costa Cruises brand currently operates six casino ships and 8 vessels without gaming facilities. All sail under the Italian flag in the waters of the Caribbean, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia, and South America. None of the casino spaces are huge by international standards but all are well appointed and offer tables and slots. The Mediterranea , sailing out of Savona in Italy, offers the most slots with over 140 machines, while the Atlantica , departing from Tianjin, China offers the most table games with a count of 21. The table game selection varies by ship but you will usually find blackjack, roulette, and poker, as well as craps on some vessels. All of the vessels offer fine dining, recreation, entertainment, shopping, sport, and wellness facilities including spas. Some of the ships without casino feature 4D Cinema as part of the kids' package of family fun. Some of the amenities found on Costa Cruises Fortuna, sailing out of Port Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates include a theater, library, art gallery, cognac bar and a cigar bar. Dining ranges from casual to fine dining on all vessels with 7-Michelin starred chef's tending to your needs on some. For those who smoke and those who prefer not to be exposed, all cabins and public rooms are smoke-free. There are designated spaces on open decks for smokers and you can smoke on your private cabin balcony - and of course, in the Cigar Bar. e-cigarettes are in your cabin as well. neoClassica and neoRomantica sail out of Mumbai, India and Port Louis, Mauritius respectively and offer a good variety of gaming. Crystal Cruises is an American luxury liner with two casino outfitted ships as of 2018. Formerly owned and operated by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) with Caesars Casinos onboard, the line was sold to Genting Hong Kong in 2015. The casinos were rebranded as Resorts World casinos after Genting's other land-based casino brand. The subsidiary was also renamed to Crystal, Ltd and maintains headquarters in Los Angeles, California, and Miami, Florida. Additional luxury brands in service or under development include Crystal River Cruises, Crystal Yacht Expedition Cruises, Crystal Luxury Air and Crystal AirCruises. Crystal Cruises is currently the only division to offer full-service onboard casino amenities. Both the Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity were scheduled for major makeovers upon acquisition. In October 2017 the Symphony emerged from a multimillion-dollar renovation with luxury suites and penthouses in addition to more standard accommodations. The 50,000-ton vessel formerly accommodated 1,000 passengers but now offers more space and luxury to just 848 guests over eight decks. The new deck configuration for Serenity unveiled in November 2018. The Serenity offers 9 decks including the uppermost Sun Deck with elevator service. In addition to a large social area, vacationers will find paddle tennis courts, a sliding glass roof that can retract and let air as well as light into the Trident area, a weight room, spa, and salon. Like the Symphony, the 4,500 sq ft casino is found on the second level Tiffany Deck. Games offered include Blackjack , Roulette, Slot machines, Bingo, Mini-Baccarat, Texas Hold'em, and Three Card Poker. In addition to open floor casino space and VIP rooms, a luxury showroom and stage is fore - with an atrium, retail outlets, a Hollywood Theater, bistro, photo gallery, nightclub, connoisseur club (smoking lounge), saloon, and dance club with a stage - all aft of the casino. Look for Umi Uma & Sushi Bar on Serenity from November 2018 - Chef Nobu Matsuhisa's only Nobu at sea. All chefs have been personally trained by the master himself. Additional fine dining sees Prego bring the flavors of Italy to the Serenity. Every day dining is also available in the Crystal Dining Room with signature menus focused on two choices - one classic, the other, modern. Crystal Cove is a luxury cognac bar featuring Rémy Martin Louis XIII at the top end as well as wines, liqueurs, tequila, and grappa. The Penthouse Suites at 982 square feet (91.23 sqm) offer verandahs as do some staterooms, Other staterooms feature large picture windows. Elevator service is provided to all decks. The ships' ports of call are Philipsburg, Sint Maarten and the Port of Anchorage in Anchorage, Alaska. Cunard Line has been operated by Carnival since 1998, but the company has a rich and illustrious history dating back to 1839. Starting out with Britain's first transatlantic steamship mail contract, there are now three vessels in operation offering Northern European, Mediterranean, Transatlantic, Caribbean, and World Cruises. The fleet currently consists of the ocean liner Queen Mary 2 , and cruise ships Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria . A 4th vessel is slated for operation n 2022. There is a casino on board each Cunard ship. However, not all cruises offer gambling as the Empire Casinos do not open during voyages without foreign ports of call on the itinerary. Vessels stopping in Dublin, Cobh, St Peters Port and all foreign country ports will sail outside of UK territorial waters (12 miles/45 minutes) and the casinos will be opened while outside of the UKGC's jurisdiction. Queen Mary 2 offers Roulette, Blackjack, Three card poker, and Heads up Texas Hold'em - a house-banked casino game played against the dealer - as well as about 100 slot machines. There are 9 gaming tables in total aboard QM2. As mention, the casino opens about 45 minutes after leaving port. Once out to sea, slots machines are available for play beginning at 10am. Tables are open from 11am until 5pm, and then again from 7:30pm until close. Closing time is at the discretion of the casino manager. Queen Elizabeth offers about 45 slot machines and 5 gaming tables. Available table games include Roulette, Blackjack, Three Card Poker, and Fun 21. Queen Victoria features about 45 slots and the same mix of games spread over 5 tables as are found on Queen Elizabeth. Table limits on all ships vary from $3 - $25 minimums with maximum bets ranging from $100 - $500. Reels slots, video slots, and video poker machines are multi-denominational with 'coin' sizes ranging from a penny to $5. All machines are coinless. Deposits are accepted in notes or via cruise cards. Cashouts are done to your card. Cash and cards are accepted at the tables to purchase chips. A credit card must be registered at the front desk in order to use your cruise card for gambling. "Onboard spending money" is not accepted for chip purchases. Complimentary gaming lessons are available during the day for those who may not be familiar with the rules or practices of certain games. Glory Sea is the first cruise ship launched by Diamond Cruise International Co. The ship is a luxury liner with an ever-changing itinerary that has included short cruises sailing from China's Shanghai port 2016-2017, and a 10-month charter with roundtrip cruises from Sokcho, South Korea which began in November 2017. Some destinations included Japan and Vladivostok , Russia, Vietnam’s Ha Long Bay from China’s “Coconut City,” Haikou, along with Da Nang and Nha Trang, as well as Manila and Boracay in the Philippines. Upon launch, the onboard VIP casino was operated by Century Casinos, Inc. , which also operates casinos aboard ships owned by TUI Cruises, Thomson Cruises, and Windstar Cruises. Immediately prior to its acquisition by Diamond Cruise parent company, Suzhou Taihu International Travel Agency, the vessel was known as Celestyal Odyssey and help a slightly smaller casino on the 6th deck. After the 2016 refurbishment, the Century casino offered 16 table games with a VIP room, and 40 gaming machines. Games offered include blackjack, roulette, 3 Card Poker, Sic Bo, baccarat and video slots. Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines is owned by a Norwegian company, Bonheur and Ganger Rolf, part of the Fred. Olsen Group. Company headquarters are located in Ipswich, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom. The company was started in 1848 by three brothers who embarked on a business of international shipping. Still, a family company, five generations of Olsens have participated in the venture as well as several other sectors from shipbuilding to electronics. There are five ships in the current fleet including the Brabant, Fred Olsens's first river cruise. All of the ships offer gaming opportunities, but the voyages are not usually undertaken with a primary focus on gambling. Each vessel has two gaming tables - one for blackjack and another for roulette. Many experienced passengers report that the tables are not open on every voyage. However, gambling is an advertised service and a croupier will most likely open a table upon request if it is not already in action. Guests will need to be at least 18 years of age to play. Only cash (Pounds Sterling) is accepted at the tables and bets cannot be charged to your room account. The Oceangoing ships are Black Watch ,  Braemar, Boudicca , and Balmoral. Onboard, passengers will find restaurants and fine dining, bars and lounges, relaxation and fitness and plenty of entertainment and fun activities which vary from sailing to sailing. Be sure to ask about the Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs), a great way to explore! The Genting Hongkong is a Corosration who owns and operate one of the leading global leisure, entertainment and other businesses. One of the major businesses of Genting Hongkong are Resorts World Manila whom opened last August 29, 2009 together with three big luxurious Hotels such us Maxims Hotel, Remington Hotel and Mariott Hotel . Another Property of Genting are Star Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Line whos offering cruise shipping to over 200 destinations all over the world and with 39,000 lower berths approximately. Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. operates the Emerald Princess Casino out of Brunswick, Georgia in the United States. The departure and return location is about halfway between Savannah, GA, and Jacksonville, FL. Out to sea, are St. Simons Island, Sea Island, Jekyll Island, Little St. Simons Island. The ship is rather small at 200 feet so passengers who have issues with motion sickness may want to use an appropriate medication or another method to deal with it. Two of the ship's four decks are devoted to gambling. Smoking is allowed on both levels but never on the third level Bistro Deck. The fourth deck is an open-air observation deck. Guests must be 18 or older to board and gamble and must be at least 21 years of age to drink alcohol. Gambling opportunities are few and far between for many people in the state, so the cruise operator is highly appreciated by most. Holland America Line was founded in the late 1800s as the Netherlands-America Steamship Company. The company's first vacation cruise was offered in 1895. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA, since 1989, it is now part of Carnival Corporation . The line currently comprises about 15 ships, all with casinos onboard. One of the company's greatest legacies is their part in helping to settle America by transporting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to the New World. The fleet consists of mid-sized ships with the smallest, an 'elegant explorer', the Prinsendam slated for retirement in 2019 and new vessels being commissioned in the Pinnacle Class like the MS Koningsdam, Nieuw Statendam , and Nieuw Ryndam with 12 decks and passenger complements of 2,650. Nieuw Ryndam is expected to be brought into service before the end of 2021. Casino hours vary from ship to ship. The minimum gambling age in international waters is 18 with the exception of Alaska Cruises where guests must be 21 or older. Blackjack, roulette, three card poker, and slots are found on most ships. Craps are available on some ships. The casinos are all well arranged and well maintained. Roulette can be found with $1 minimums in some cases, otherwise, most table games start at $5. Slots denominations range from a penny to $5 machines, Be sure to check the video poker paytables before getting too carried away. Depending on the cruise, bingo prizes can range from $2,000 to $100,000. All feature slots and blackjack tournaments. Whether you are sailing out of a US eastern or western port, Kowloon , Saint George's or Sydney , HAL offers a great gaming experience along with a stately cruise full of entertainment possibilities. Restaurants and fine dining, nightly entertainment, bars and lounges, diverse onboard activities like cooking workshops, wine tasting, and BBC Earth Experiences on board are just the tip of the mountain of fun that awaits on a Holland America Line cruise anywhere in the world. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD. was first known as Norwegian Caribbean Line when launched in 1966. Through a series of mergers, decouplings, acquisitions and investments the NYSE-listed company based in Florida is now owned in the minority by private equity companies as well as Genting Group which holds an 11.1% stake. The NCL holding company also owns Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises through a 2014 acquisition of parent company, Prestige Cruises International, Inc. Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL) offers informal casino cruises with no structured time for meals and some other activities and no need to dress formally at mealtime. For family travelers, Norwegian Escape, Breakaway, Getaway, and Epic offer the most 'kid friendly' cruises. All 15 of the ships, including Pride of America, the only US-flagged vessel in the fleet, offer gambling once the ships leave territorial waters. Game variety varies from ship to ship but a sampling of available games includes slots, blackjack and 21 variants, craps, roulette, three card poker, let it ride, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, baccarat, Pai Gow poker, and Texas Hold'em poker. Some of the blackjack variants include a Lucky Ladies side bet with a $5,000 jackpot. Lucky Ladies is available on all ships. All ships except Epic, Breakaway, and Getaway offer a Wheel of Madness side bet on the game. The optional bet can range from $1 to $10. When a player with a stake on the wheel is dealt a natural Blackjack they'll get a spin on the wheel to determine their side bet multiplier. The top prize is $5,000. For those who enjoy sailing on small city-size ships, Norwegian has added a third vessel to its Breakaway-Plus series with the launch of the 168,028-ton, 1,082-foot-long,  20-deck, 4,004 passenger Norwegian Bliss in 2018. She joins Escape and Joy in the class. Those ships launched in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cruise line is very popular and consistently adds to its fleet. There are 7 new additions to the fleet slated for release between 2019 and 2027. The five most recent debuts include Norwegian Bliss (2018), Joy (2017) Escape (2015), Getaway (2014), and Breakaway (2013). So far, Norwegian Bliss is the most innovative casino ship in the fleet with over 300 pokies (slots and video poker) and 25 gaming tables. Across the fleet, poker players register well ahead of time for the Norwegian Cruise Line Poker Challenge (NCLPC). The field is expected to surpass 400 participants soon. Oceania Cruises launched their first ship in 2002 and currently has a fleet of six ships. All of them offer gambling facilities. Founded by a team of cruise industry veterans, the company was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD in 2014 along with a sister company, Regent Seven Seas Cruises . Norwegian (NCL) is headquartered in Florida. All of Oceania's vessels fly the flag of the Marshall Islands. There are 4 ships in the Regatta class, all were built in 1998, 1999, or 2000. The MS Regatta was launched in 2003 and last refurbished in 2014. The most recent launch in the class was the 30,277 ton, 343 cabin, MS Sirena . The former Ocean Princess underwent a $40 million refurbishment in France and launched in 2016. Two brand new Oceania class ships were commissioned from Italian builder Fincantieri and are the first two new builds for the company. MS Marina , at 66,084 tons can hold 1,250 passengers and 580 of the 625 suites and cabins have private verandas. Marina launched in 2011. Her sister ship, which launched in 2012, is the MS Riviera . Two-week-long cruises are the norm for Oceania but they are most well known for much longer tours such as "Around the World in 180 Days" voyages and others lasting up to 195 days. The 6-month world cruises began in 2015. Bookings for the 180-Day World Cruises are taken up to two years in advance. The casinos are rather small in relation to the overall ship size on some vessels, mainly due to the extended times at sea. However, they are also a favorite attraction of many oceanfarers. The gambling spaces are well designed and stylish and offer table limits for all levels of players. The gaming machines include reel and video slots and video poker machines. Key card wagering makes the slots cashless. Casino credit is available to qualified guests and should be arranged one-month prior to departure. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check is required when you board the vessel in order to activate a credit line. All gaming is in USD and Euros can be exchanged on board. All play is tracked and rewarded through the Casinos at Sea rewards program which has 5 tiers. Points can be transfered from ship to ship and slot players can redeem rewards at any time onscreen while playing any game. P&O Cruises is the oldest cruise line in the world. The original company was founded in 1837 and the first passenger cruises from Southampton were offered in 1844. A series of de-mergers and mergers beginning in 2000 culminated in a merger with Carnival Corporation in 2003. The company operates seven cruise ships including Britannia which launched in early 2015. Two more large vessels are planned for launch in 2020 and 2020. All ships offer casino gaming once entering international waters. Table games, slot machines, bingo, scratch cards, and video horse racing are all offered. Roulette, blackjack, and three card poker are offered on all ships. Three of the casinos also offer Fun 21. If you don't see the game when aboard the Arcadia and there is an empty blackjack table, ask your host to flip the table as the Fun 21 felt is just underneath. Purchase your chips from the dealer with cash or your cruise card. All winnings are cashed out onto your cruise card. Slot machines all operate on a coinless system. To play, simply insert your cruise card or cash notes. Bingo offers five cash prizes each full day out to sea. There's also a jackpot that grows with nearly every game and must be won by the conclusion of the cruise. Scratch cards have prizes up to £20,000 and can be purchased at the casino desk. Video horse racing is presented on big screens. Arcadia features 4 tables and a variety of slots on the F deck. Aurora's casino is located on the Prom deck and features 4 tables and slots. Head to the F deck on Azura to find five tables offering three card poker, blackjack, roulette x2, and Fun 21. The casino on Britannia is deck 6 with 2 tables each offering blackjack, roulette, and three card poker. Oceana has five tables on D deck - Oriana offers 23 tables on the Prom deck, and there are five tables on F deck of Ventura. On sea days slots are open on all ships from 10 am until late with tables opening at noon. On port days, gaming doesn't start until the ship reaches international waters, which usually takes about 45 minutes. Opening times can vary by jurisdiction, but the demarcation point is usually 12 miles outside of port limits. Be sure to cash in your chips before leaving the ship. If you happen to forget, you can bring them along for your next voyage but may meet delays while the chips are authenticated. Princess Cruises launched their first Mexican Riviera cruise in 1965 but didn't become a household name known to people who vacation at sea until about a decade later when the company was acquired by P&O, who at the time was the world's largest oceanic shipper with more 300 vessels in operation. Baby boomers may recall Island Princess and Pacific Princess as the ships featured in the 1970s television series, The Love Boat. P&O spun off its passenger division in 2000, and it merged with Carnival in 2003. The combined company then featured 11 different brands of cruise ship companies. Princess, Carnival, and Holland America stopped requisitioning new ships during the 2008 economic downturn but added three new 3,600 passenger ships beginning with Royal Princess in 2013 and Regal Princess which entered service in 2014. A third Fincantieri-built ship, Majestic Princess launched in 2017. The entire current fleet flies the flag of Bermuda except for Royal, Majestic, Golden, Diamond, and Sapphire Princess which ships call the UK home. Three additional Bermuda-flagged Royal Class vessels are slated for launch in 2019, 2020, and 2022. Departure points for Princess Cruises include Vancouver, Canada , Brisbane, Rozelle, and Melbourne in Australia; Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and San Francisco in the US, as well as Marina Bay, Singapore ; Rome, Italy, and Piraeus in Greece. USA Today has awarded Princess the accolade of "Best cruise lines for Gamblers" and slots fans are frequently offered high return tournaments like the $200,000 Monopoly Cruise for Cash tournament. There are tournaments on every cruise so blackjack players and slots spinners have a chance to compete against their shipmates for cash prizes. Games vary from ship to ship but most voyagers will find traditional, video, and progressive jackpot slot machines as well as video poker. Table games can include heads-up Texas Hold ‘Em poker, and casino games like Caribbean Stud Poker, Three Card Poker and Let it Ride. Blackjack, dice, roulette, and other table games are available on most ships and you can even play bingo with ticket packages ranging from $10 to $30. A fairly new "class" of ships was introduced in 2017, known as the Ocean Medallion Class. These are 'the internet of things' ships with omnichannel connectivity to guests accounts from a medallion wristband. On ships appointed with the amenity, guests have access to the PlayOcean Casino and PlayOcean Everywhere so they can play real money games anywhere on the ship. Regent Seven Seas Cruises [(RSSC) formerly Radisson SSC] was founded in 1990. It is a luxury cruise line company offering an all-inclusive experience. Regent was a sister company of Oceania Cruises . The parent company, Prestige Cruise Holdings was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Lines in 2014. Regent Seven Seas Cruises' current fleet comprises 4 ships ranging from 28,550 gross tons to 54,000 GT. The largest ship to date is Seven Seas Explorer built in 2016 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri of Sestri Ponente, Genova.  Fincantieri has also been commissioned to delivers the 55k GT Seven Seas Splendor in early 2020. All vessels are currently Bahamian-flagged. The fleet's casino ships sail out of Sydney, Australia; the Port of Miami in the US, and Kavala, Greece. In early 2017 the parent company announced that a new Port of Miami terminal was under development for completion prior to 2020. All of the casinos in the fleet share in the Norwegian Cruise Lines Casinos At Sea rewards program. The rewards program has five tiers with the top three sharing a host of benefits including cruise suite discounts and convenience fee waivers. First-tier and all other players will enjoy promotional offers, pint redemtions for free play, and the ability t transfer points from ship to ship. Second tier members also receive special birthday offers. Point redemption for free play is easy. Slots and video poker players can cash in right at the machine they are playing at any time or do as table players do and redeem points at the casino cage. Casino credit is available to all players with an existing reservation. Please make arrangements at least 30 days in advance of your voyage. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check will be required on board to activate the line. The Casino on Seven Seas Mariner sailing out of Greece is located on Deck 7. The gaming facilities are open daily when territorial border limits do not restrict operations.  Blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and slot machines are available for play. Adult Entertainment beyond the casino floor includes a show lounge in the style of a Parisian cabaret with musical productions staged by experienced Broadway pros. The Connoisseur Club is a special hideaway where fine cognac and imported cigars are enjoyed by shipmates engaging in friendly conversation while they enjoy the finer things in life. Royal Caribbean International is a Miami-based cruise line brand owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. The company was founded in Norway in 1968 and has over 20 ships in operation as well as a future fleet that will bring that number to 30. You might be wondering: "How many of the oceangoing vessels have casinos?" Good news for seafaring gamblers! Royal Caribbean has outfitted their entire current fleet with onboard casinos! Some are a little bigger than others, and some have more game variety, but they all have lots of slots and plenty of table game action. Sailing out of England? Consider booking the Navigator of the Seas ; From Barcelona, Vision; Shanghai? Quantum of the Seas ; Hong Kong, Voyager. Most of the other cruises depart from the U.S . and Puerto Rico . All of the casinos offer thousands of square feet of Vegas-style action under the lights with video slots, video poker, table games, and tournaments. Some of the table games you can expect to find on your Royal Caribbean cruise are: Single Deck Blackjack Roulette Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'Em Let It Ride Three Card Poker Blackjack with Side Bets like Lucky Ladies Walking up to a high stakes blackjack table and sitting down with a stack of chips in front of you can seem intimidating to casual players and those who may need to brush up a little on their game. Royal Caribbean has you covered! During the day, your hosts will be glad to teach you the ins and outs of any game from roulette to baccarat. Once you get your "sea legs" for the game you can join a tournament where everyone has a chance to progress to the grand finale without risking stacks of your hard earned cash along the way. If you want to win big prizes with more help from Lady Luck than your own gambling experience, try a Slot Tournament. Simply go to the Casino Cash Desk when the casino is open to enroll in a qualifying tournament. Even Beginner's Luck can help you grab a chunk of the $50,000 prize pool! This might seem crazy: Poker players can qualify for the Royal Poker Tournament throughout the year. Winners are eligible for entry into the finals with a chance to win part of the $100,000 Royal Poker Prize Pool! Don't forget, you may be eligible for a free cruise vacation for two along the way. What Else Can I Look Forward To? Visit the Royal Caribbean Casino Cruise Experience to learn more about... Casino Promotions Club Royal Events Casino Rewards Program Casino Credit Win/Loss Statements Wire Transfer Instructions If you have questions now you can contact the Casino Call Center at (888) 561-2234. Seabourn Cruise Line offers casino gaming on all five of its luxury liner cruise ships. The company was founded in 1986 in Norway. Carnival Corp began purchasing shares in 1991 and completed ownership in 2001. The company moved its Miami headquarters to Seattle, Washington in 2011 to join Holland America Line . With home ports in the U.S., Argentina, and Singapore the company's five luxury casino cruise ships are... Seabourn Ovation Seabourn Encore Seabourn Quest Seabourn Odyssey Seabourn Sojourn You might be asking yourself: Should I book a Seabourn Cruise for gambling? The answer to that is simple. It depends on what you are looking for in a casino cruise... 1) How long do I want to be on the ship? 2) How much time will I spend in the casino? 3) Do I want a Las Vegas on the seas experience? 4) Would I be happy with a few slot machines and occasional table action? 5) Can I afford a Seabourn casino cruise? We'll help you answer those questions and more by sharing some things we know about the Seabourn Difference . Seabourn offers Caribbean cruises as short as seven days. They also offer mid-length ventures and journeys up to 100 days. Shore excursions are available on some cruises. The casinos onboard the ships are all on Deck 5 near the aft deck. They are small by most land casino standards with less than two dozen slots and video poker machines and 3 or 4 gaming tables. The gaming areas are located fore of The Club and near the Club Bar. Men and women's restrooms are adjacent to the gaming areas. The gaming areas are well appointed and well kept. They simply aren't large enough to provide a Las Vegas-style experience when you aren't actually gambling. Table games include Blackjack , Roulette , and Poker . Seabourn is a luxury cruise liner... Expect to pay top price for your cruise Formal nights are optional so you could save on wardrobe costs Prices are all-inclusive so your drinks are paid for Gourmands will especially appreciate Restaurant 2 Now that you know more about gambling at sea with Seabourn, you can sign up for special offers or explore the video gallery and choose a destination in the Caribbean, Mediterranian, Asia, or plan a Transatlantic cruise ! Expect to meet others onboard who are: Older, financially secure, well-dressed. Silversea Cruises is a mid-level luxury cruise line established in 1994 by the Lefebvre family of Rome, Italy. The company is headquartered in Monaco and owned in the majority (67%) by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd . The company's current fleet comprises nine vessels. The largest and newest ship is Silver Muse at 40,700 gross tons and capacity for nearly 600 passengers. Six of the ships are over sixteen tons and three are clippers in the company's Expedition fleet. Seafaring gamblers will find casinos aboard: Silver Cloud Silver Wind Silver Shadow Silver Whisper Silver Spirit (Refurbished/expanded March 2018) Silver Muse (Launched 2017) There are no gaming facilities on the smaller expedition class ships. You might be wondering... What are the best cruises for gambling? Really, any cruise anywhere in the world under 7 days is best. Why? The longer cruises tend to attract older vacationers who go to bed early. If you like the casino all to yourself, a longer cruise may be best. All of the ships with gaming offer Blackjack, Roulette, and slots. The two newer and larger ships have roomier, more opulent casino gaming areas with plenty of action. The smallest casino is on Silversea Wind with nine gaming machines and four tables. You can click the following link to view the casino aboard Silver Shadow . True luxury at mid-class prices: All inclusive pricing makes a Silverseas cruise an easy decision. You'll find most of your cruise mates are couples and the younger more upwardly mobile families have opted for a Carnival or Royal Caribbean cruise. Enjoy: All-Inclusive experience (gratuities included in fare) Fine dining (diverse cuisine, open seating, 24 hours) Private veranda (855 of suites) Very personalized service (Butler service in every suite) Champagne, wine, and spirits (anywhere on the ship including in-suite) Entertainment Complimentary transportation (in most port towns) Spa and fitness facilities If I run out of cash can I get an advance for the casino or shore excursions? Cash advances are limited to $1,000 per voyage per suite. Onboard cash advance services incur a 2% fee. Onboard credit cannot be used in the casino. Can I gamble online? Silversea offers unlimited free Wi-Fi. There are no known restrictions on personal usage. Your suite status will determine a premium or standard Wi-Fi package. If unsure of local laws, please wait until you are 12 miles out to sea before you gambling online . Where can I find out more? You can check out the individual casino cruises by clicking a link below. Contact information is also available on the profile pages. You can also visit SILVERSEA to find exclusive offers, request a quote or brochure, or book your cruise vacation now! Victory Casino Cruises has been running out of Port Canaveral, Florida since 2011. If you are looking for a 'cruise to nowhere' this might be your best bet. The Victory I first set sail in 1972 and was refurbished before Victory launched their casino cruise. If you've ever been on a gambling ship, as opposed to a luxury cruise liner with a casino... You might ask: "I thought gambling was a monopoly in Florida. How do they do it?" Yes, most of the slots and table games are in the Seminole Tribe's Hard Rock casinos . You can find poker and a few other games like poker at Florida racetracks and jai alai frontons. Once the ship enters international waters, Florida gambling laws no longer apply. The 3-mile journey usually takes about 30 minutes - then the games are on! #1 Florida Casino Cruise? Judging by the reviews on TripAdvisor , most people are extremely satisfied with their Victory Casino Cruise experiences. Those who weren't might not have known what to expect. This is a gambling ship You'll be out to sea for 5-6 hours People smoke outside, so you might smell it You might say: "Okay, I get it. But what about the casino... is it a real casino?" Oh yeah! It's a real casino alright. There are over 600 slots so there should always be some open. On a busy cruise, they'll open up to 100 gaming tables. That puts it on par with most Downtown Las Vegas properties and quite a few on the Strip. Here's what you can play... Slots Blackjack $5-$500 - dealer stands all 17's - BJ pays 3:2 Craps Roulette EZ Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'em Mississippi Stud Three Card Poker Let It Ride Bingo Only Legal Sportsbook in Florida!!! Read on for more about the boat and what's on it... Four decks are available on the 2,137 GT, 368-foot gambling ship built at the Bellinger Shipyard, Jacksonville FL in 1972. Deck 1 - Sportsbook Lounge, Atlantic Cafe Deck 2 - High-limit slots, Table games Deck 3 - Slots atrium Deck 4 - Big Norm's Club V, Outside deck Dolphin Bar Big Norm's Club V is open 7 days a week. On weekends it turns into more of a nightclub with DJ's, internationally and locally renowned musicians. Where to learn more about Victory Casino Cruise Location Captain's Weather Blog Transportation Windstar Cruises is a luxury cruise line established in 1984. Based in Seattle, Washington the company's fleet comprises 6 yachts with capacities ranging from 148 to 310 guests. The line is owned by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Inc., whose parent company is The Anschutz Corporation. Former owners include Holland America Line . All six ships offer casino gambling . So... Other than offering luxury yachts, what sets Windstar apart? For the answer to that, let's look at the company's flagship vessel, The Wind Star . In service since 1986, the Wind Star features a spa, a Signature shop, library, veranda, watersports platform, whirlpool, pool bar, gourmet restaurant/lounge, a casino, and Windstar's Open Bridge Policy. When the weather is good... The Captain will welcome you to the bridge No reservations needed Shop with the chefs at foreign markets Sample the local fare and help pick out: produce spices herbs local treats Enjoy the next moveable feast onboard! Watersports Platform snorkeling paddle boarding swimming sailing water skiing windsurfing kayaking The Rest of the Fleet Wind Spirit (most popular casino ship) Wind Surf (the largest, formerly Club Med 1) Star Pride (formerly Seabourn Pride) Star Breeze (formerly Seabourn Breeze) Star Legend (formerly Seabourn Legend) Okay, now, some gambling details Age to Play: 21 While we're talking about age... This line is not recommended for families with children except for older teens. Very few organized activities. Sightseeing and adult socializing are key cruise features. Games: Blackjack, roulette, slots , poker The ships have a mix of gaming opportunities. Expect all on larger ships like Wind Surf. Table Minimum : $5 Slots: Multidenominational Onboard Credit: Arrange prior to departure for best success Smoking: Not allowed in the casino - only  in designated smoking areas on outside decks Learn more about what makes Windstar different Learn more about Windstar Policies - Read the FAQ Additional gambling opportunities on a Windstar Cruise If you want to take a shore excursion and include a casino night... Choose a destination or cruise with a layover to Monte Carlo ! Please keep in mind that all casinos in Monaco require men to wear a jacket and tie. Top Destinations: Asia Caribbean Costa Rica/Panama Cana Mediterranean Mexico How do I get there? Visit Windstar Cruises to find a cruise, plan your journey, look for specials, or dream about the yachts ! Seafaring gamblers in the Nordic region, especially the northern parts of the Baltic Sea, have been enjoying the gambling services of Paf on Tallink and Silja line cruises for over three decades. The Åland-based service provider's contract is up for renewal at five year periods with 2023 on the horizon fore or aft. Onboard games include popular slots, bingo, poker, table and card games, lotteries, and sports betting. Departure points for gambling cruises include Stockholm in Sweden along with Helsinki and Turku in Finland. The Baltic Princess sails out of Stockholm twice each day and offers full family entertainment and escape with a well-staffed Siljaland playroom for the kids. It's one of the newest ships on the Baltic and offers no-limit Texas Hold'em tournaments and daily live entertainment. Cruise ferry Galaxy offers 927 cabins over 12 decks, several restaurants and bars, as well as a kids zone. The onboard casino has slots, roulette, and blackjack tables. This vessel is often used for business meetings as the modern 450 conference center attracts the business class as well as weddings and family parties and gatherings. The sauna department is highly rated. The Silja Symphony departs from Stockholm and is an older ship launched in 1991. A favorite of many seeking a break, this is a unique vessel. The heart of the ship features a pedestrian streetwalk down the Promenade with top-tier restaurants, cafes, and a variety of shops on either side. The casino is located in the bow of the ship on Deck 7 where you'll find roulette, poker and slot machines. Silja Serenade Cruise Ship sails out of Helsinki and is perhaps the premier gambling ship in the fleet. There are ten classes of cabins and suites from the special cabins designed to accommodate people with special needs and those who are traveling with a pet or have allergies to the Executive Suite on Deck 11 with 75m2 of luxurious space and featuring its own sauna. Paf has recently upgraded the manual payment system in its casinos on the Tallink & Silja Line, replacing coins with tickets - adding another level of convenience and comfort for adventurers. AS Tallink Grupp services nearly 10 million passengers each year on its 14 consumer vessels. Paf also operates the casino aboard Casino Sunborn in Gibraltar , a 5-star superyacht, and the Paf Casino on Åland with more than 1,500 slot machines and 55 gaming tables in operation. Big M Gaming LLC operates two gambling cruise ships out of Little River, SC in the United States; Big "M" Casino Ship I and Big "M" Casino Ship II . The seaside of Little River is better known as Myrtle Beach. It is situated next to the South/North Carolina border and has been continuously inhabited since the first trading post was established in the 1700's. Big M offers 5-hour gambling cruises with a set-price all you can eat buffet and is very popular in the region. There are no land casinos in the state. The closest terrestrial casino is Harrah's Cherokee nearly 6 hours away in North Carolina. Due to strict gambling laws in the state, the only way to play blackjack or slots legally is to go out to sea. Gaming is only allowed after you are at least 3 miles away from shore but the ships may travel as far as 15 miles out. It takes about 45 minutes to reach international waters. The minimum age to board either ship is 21. Smoking is only allowed on the main deck casino during gaming hours. Both ships also offer smoke-free gaming decks with slot machines. Both ships offer Las Vegas-style gambling. Only Ship I has Texas Hold ’em poker. Both casinos host slots, roulette, craps, Let it Ride, 3-card poker and other specialty games. Both ships are well maintained and kept clean, although we wouldn't go so far as to refer to them as ' luxury yachts ' as the company does, they are nicely appointed and there is plenty of room to move around. The ships are rarely, if ever, out to sea at the same time so if you have a preference (outer deck smoking, prime rib or seafood buffets, etc.), it's always a good idea to call ahead or visit the website for a schedule and current prices. The water can get a bit rough any time of the year and the outings occur every month. Some people will choose to eat on the way out, others on the way back to port, and others may not eat at all. The price of the buffet is not included in boarding fees. The buffet deck is not handicap accessible but staff will gladly bring food to the main deck and set up a comfortable dining space for those who can't reach the restaurant. Sandwiches are available on the top deck throughout the cruise. BUffet prices are reasonable. Beer, wine, and well drinks are about the same price as you'll find in the town of Little River . Carnival Cruise Line offers casino gaming on over two dozen ships departing from the U.S. and other ports from Honolulu, Hawaii, and Miami, to Barcelona, Spain .  While the gaming centers may have different names from vessel to vessel, most are fairly generic capitalizing on formulas the cruise giant has developed over the years. Your Sail & Sign card also doubles as Carnival Players Club card at all of the casinos. The Ocean Players Club covers you on any Carnival Casino cruise, Ibero Cruceros, P&O Cruises, Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, Holland America, Cunard, Seabourn, and Princess Cruises. Carnival ships are family ships, so there's always a safe and healthy place for the kids to play while mom and dad head out for a little Las Vegas-style action during their escape to sea. Most Carnival casinos allow passengers 18 years of age and older to enter and play in the casinos. Common among most of the gaming decks are optional casino tournaments featuring slots, poker, and blackjack . The cost of tournaments change from time to time, ship to ship, and game to game but the payouts for winning on sheer luck can pay for the trip and more. Slots are the biggest draw with games from top developers and providers such as Aruze, Bally, and IGT. The Sphinx 3D™ by IGT gives players all the thrills they would ever expect in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. But if you want a dealer or croupier to get to know you by name you'll have to go to the table. Most of the blackjack tables have low buy-ins but if enough high rollers want a game your Carnival casino host will probably accommodate the request. You're not likely to find single-deck action but there are plenty of variations on the basic theme to keep most players happy including Face-Up 21, Fun 21, and classic blackjack. Most ships offer poker tournaments or at least a table or two for poker players. The electronic PokerPro tables might take some players a couple of minutes to get used to - just cup your hands around the display of face-down cards to see them revealed. If you're a poker junky and on a vessel with  Ocean Medallion technology, you can play 24/7 on your mobile device even if the tables floor tables are closed. Slots , bingo, and roulette are also available on some cruises. Players won't find free drinks coming around every few minutes like they do in Las Vegas, and you'll have to be at least 21 to order a partake, but Carnival offers double the comps for gameplay compared to other cruise lines. This means that your casino points add up to free beer, wine, and cocktails or even non-alcoholic drinks if you prefer. For the not-so-serious gamblers, there are also prize games - some require skill, and all require luck. Win a stack of greenbacks on the Cash Cube or try your hand at picking up pricey electronics and other prizes on a claw machine. Celebrity Cruises offer a single brand of casino experience across the fleet of gaming equipped vessels. Every Celebrity cruise ship except the Expedition has a Fortune Casino onboard. All ships offer blackjack, roulette, poker, craps, and a wide range of slot machines.  For guests on the Celebrity Solstice sailing out of Sydney, and several other cruises, baccarat (punto banco) is also available upon request. Since the casinos don't open for play until the cruise is in international waters, most gambling laws do not apply. Guests only need to be 18 years old to play, except for the Alaska Cruise which requires guests to be 21 or older.  No matter where the ship is, you need to be 21 to drink. Smoking is not allowed in any Fortunes Casino but all ships have designated outdoor smoking areas. Celebrity Cruises belongs to the International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) and adheres to council guidelines on gambling entertainment. All facilities and equipment meet regulatory standards equal to Nevada or other licensed jurisdictions for payback percentages ad internal software; abide by rules of play equal to Nevada, New Jersey or England, and all gambling operations are audited by Celebrity's internal audit department on a regular basis, among other controls. Fortunes Casino partners with MGM, so if you remember to use your player's club card you can earn comps and perks at land-based casinos while you are out at sea! All loyalty tiers can redeem points for free casino play. There are 5 tiers and players in the top 3 tiers receive anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars in free play each time they sail. There are now more than 20 perks and benefits associated with Blue Chip Club membership. Passengers will always find excellent dining and lounge options on Celebrity casino cruises as well as entertainment. Among the best-outfitted vessels for casino gaming players will find about 275 slot machines. Celebrity Millenium sailing out of Hong Kong, Infinity, Summit, and Constellation offer around 190 machines each, about a dozen mixed Las Vegas-style table games, and 1 electronic Pokermate Texas Hold 'Em table. Celebrity Reflection sailing out of Chile and Brazil, Equinox, Eclipse, Silhouette, and  Solstice each have more than a dozen tables with 2 poker tables each and baccarat upon request. All Fortune Casinos offer at least one single-deck blackjack table. Slots start at $0.01, they include reel slots and video bonus games. Video poker machines are included in the slot machines count. People who take the seas to gamble in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe know the Costa Cruises experience, or as the line is called in its native Italy, Costa Crociere. Vessels with onboard casinos include those sailing out of Marina Bay, Singapore ; Tianjin, China; Dubai, UAE; Port Louis, Mauritius; Mumbai, India and Savona, Italy . Starting out with cargo ships in 1854, the company started commercial activities from about 1924 until the first passenger services were begun in 1947 with regular services to South America. The then family-owned company eventually converted their fleet to cruising and became one of the largest operators in Europe before selling to Carnival in the year 2000. The Carnival family of companies now comprises  Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Crociere, Cunard Line, Holland America, Seabourn Cruise Lines, and Windstar Cruises with Costa accounting for about 16% of the parent company's revenue. Costa Cruises brand currently operates six casino ships and 8 vessels without gaming facilities. All sail under the Italian flag in the waters of the Caribbean, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia, and South America. None of the casino spaces are huge by international standards but all are well appointed and offer tables and slots. The Mediterranea , sailing out of Savona in Italy, offers the most slots with over 140 machines, while the Atlantica , departing from Tianjin, China offers the most table games with a count of 21. The table game selection varies by ship but you will usually find blackjack, roulette, and poker, as well as craps on some vessels. All of the vessels offer fine dining, recreation, entertainment, shopping, sport, and wellness facilities including spas. Some of the ships without casino feature 4D Cinema as part of the kids' package of family fun. Some of the amenities found on Costa Cruises Fortuna, sailing out of Port Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates include a theater, library, art gallery, cognac bar and a cigar bar. Dining ranges from casual to fine dining on all vessels with 7-Michelin starred chef's tending to your needs on some. For those who smoke and those who prefer not to be exposed, all cabins and public rooms are smoke-free. There are designated spaces on open decks for smokers and you can smoke on your private cabin balcony - and of course, in the Cigar Bar. e-cigarettes are in your cabin as well. neoClassica and neoRomantica sail out of Mumbai, India and Port Louis, Mauritius respectively and offer a good variety of gaming. Crystal Cruises is an American luxury liner with two casino outfitted ships as of 2018. Formerly owned and operated by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) with Caesars Casinos onboard, the line was sold to Genting Hong Kong in 2015. The casinos were rebranded as Resorts World casinos after Genting's other land-based casino brand. The subsidiary was also renamed to Crystal, Ltd and maintains headquarters in Los Angeles, California, and Miami, Florida. Additional luxury brands in service or under development include Crystal River Cruises, Crystal Yacht Expedition Cruises, Crystal Luxury Air and Crystal AirCruises. Crystal Cruises is currently the only division to offer full-service onboard casino amenities. Both the Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity were scheduled for major makeovers upon acquisition. In October 2017 the Symphony emerged from a multimillion-dollar renovation with luxury suites and penthouses in addition to more standard accommodations. The 50,000-ton vessel formerly accommodated 1,000 passengers but now offers more space and luxury to just 848 guests over eight decks. The new deck configuration for Serenity unveiled in November 2018. The Serenity offers 9 decks including the uppermost Sun Deck with elevator service. In addition to a large social area, vacationers will find paddle tennis courts, a sliding glass roof that can retract and let air as well as light into the Trident area, a weight room, spa, and salon. Like the Symphony, the 4,500 sq ft casino is found on the second level Tiffany Deck. Games offered include Blackjack , Roulette, Slot machines, Bingo, Mini-Baccarat, Texas Hold'em, and Three Card Poker. In addition to open floor casino space and VIP rooms, a luxury showroom and stage is fore - with an atrium, retail outlets, a Hollywood Theater, bistro, photo gallery, nightclub, connoisseur club (smoking lounge), saloon, and dance club with a stage - all aft of the casino. Look for Umi Uma & Sushi Bar on Serenity from November 2018 - Chef Nobu Matsuhisa's only Nobu at sea. All chefs have been personally trained by the master himself. Additional fine dining sees Prego bring the flavors of Italy to the Serenity. Every day dining is also available in the Crystal Dining Room with signature menus focused on two choices - one classic, the other, modern. Crystal Cove is a luxury cognac bar featuring Rémy Martin Louis XIII at the top end as well as wines, liqueurs, tequila, and grappa. The Penthouse Suites at 982 square feet (91.23 sqm) offer verandahs as do some staterooms, Other staterooms feature large picture windows. Elevator service is provided to all decks. The ships' ports of call are Philipsburg, Sint Maarten and the Port of Anchorage in Anchorage, Alaska. Cunard Line has been operated by Carnival since 1998, but the company has a rich and illustrious history dating back to 1839. Starting out with Britain's first transatlantic steamship mail contract, there are now three vessels in operation offering Northern European, Mediterranean, Transatlantic, Caribbean, and World Cruises. The fleet currently consists of the ocean liner Queen Mary 2 , and cruise ships Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria . A 4th vessel is slated for operation n 2022. There is a casino on board each Cunard ship. However, not all cruises offer gambling as the Empire Casinos do not open during voyages without foreign ports of call on the itinerary. Vessels stopping in Dublin, Cobh, St Peters Port and all foreign country ports will sail outside of UK territorial waters (12 miles/45 minutes) and the casinos will be opened while outside of the UKGC's jurisdiction. Queen Mary 2 offers Roulette, Blackjack, Three card poker, and Heads up Texas Hold'em - a house-banked casino game played against the dealer - as well as about 100 slot machines. There are 9 gaming tables in total aboard QM2. As mention, the casino opens about 45 minutes after leaving port. Once out to sea, slots machines are available for play beginning at 10am. Tables are open from 11am until 5pm, and then again from 7:30pm until close. Closing time is at the discretion of the casino manager. Queen Elizabeth offers about 45 slot machines and 5 gaming tables. Available table games include Roulette, Blackjack, Three Card Poker, and Fun 21. Queen Victoria features about 45 slots and the same mix of games spread over 5 tables as are found on Queen Elizabeth. Table limits on all ships vary from $3 - $25 minimums with maximum bets ranging from $100 - $500. Reels slots, video slots, and video poker machines are multi-denominational with 'coin' sizes ranging from a penny to $5. All machines are coinless. Deposits are accepted in notes or via cruise cards. Cashouts are done to your card. Cash and cards are accepted at the tables to purchase chips. A credit card must be registered at the front desk in order to use your cruise card for gambling. "Onboard spending money" is not accepted for chip purchases. Complimentary gaming lessons are available during the day for those who may not be familiar with the rules or practices of certain games. Glory Sea is the first cruise ship launched by Diamond Cruise International Co. The ship is a luxury liner with an ever-changing itinerary that has included short cruises sailing from China's Shanghai port 2016-2017, and a 10-month charter with roundtrip cruises from Sokcho, South Korea which began in November 2017. Some destinations included Japan and Vladivostok , Russia, Vietnam’s Ha Long Bay from China’s “Coconut City,” Haikou, along with Da Nang and Nha Trang, as well as Manila and Boracay in the Philippines. Upon launch, the onboard VIP casino was operated by Century Casinos, Inc. , which also operates casinos aboard ships owned by TUI Cruises, Thomson Cruises, and Windstar Cruises. Immediately prior to its acquisition by Diamond Cruise parent company, Suzhou Taihu International Travel Agency, the vessel was known as Celestyal Odyssey and help a slightly smaller casino on the 6th deck. After the 2016 refurbishment, the Century casino offered 16 table games with a VIP room, and 40 gaming machines. Games offered include blackjack, roulette, 3 Card Poker, Sic Bo, baccarat and video slots. Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines is owned by a Norwegian company, Bonheur and Ganger Rolf, part of the Fred. Olsen Group. Company headquarters are located in Ipswich, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom. The company was started in 1848 by three brothers who embarked on a business of international shipping. Still, a family company, five generations of Olsens have participated in the venture as well as several other sectors from shipbuilding to electronics. There are five ships in the current fleet including the Brabant, Fred Olsens's first river cruise. All of the ships offer gaming opportunities, but the voyages are not usually undertaken with a primary focus on gambling. Each vessel has two gaming tables - one for blackjack and another for roulette. Many experienced passengers report that the tables are not open on every voyage. However, gambling is an advertised service and a croupier will most likely open a table upon request if it is not already in action. Guests will need to be at least 18 years of age to play. Only cash (Pounds Sterling) is accepted at the tables and bets cannot be charged to your room account. The Oceangoing ships are Black Watch ,  Braemar, Boudicca , and Balmoral. Onboard, passengers will find restaurants and fine dining, bars and lounges, relaxation and fitness and plenty of entertainment and fun activities which vary from sailing to sailing. Be sure to ask about the Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs), a great way to explore! The Genting Hongkong is a Corosration who owns and operate one of the leading global leisure, entertainment and other businesses. One of the major businesses of Genting Hongkong are Resorts World Manila whom opened last August 29, 2009 together with three big luxurious Hotels such us Maxims Hotel, Remington Hotel and Mariott Hotel . Another Property of Genting are Star Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Line whos offering cruise shipping to over 200 destinations all over the world and with 39,000 lower berths approximately. Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. operates the Emerald Princess Casino out of Brunswick, Georgia in the United States. The departure and return location is about halfway between Savannah, GA, and Jacksonville, FL. Out to sea, are St. Simons Island, Sea Island, Jekyll Island, Little St. Simons Island. The ship is rather small at 200 feet so passengers who have issues with motion sickness may want to use an appropriate medication or another method to deal with it. Two of the ship's four decks are devoted to gambling. Smoking is allowed on both levels but never on the third level Bistro Deck. The fourth deck is an open-air observation deck. Guests must be 18 or older to board and gamble and must be at least 21 years of age to drink alcohol. Gambling opportunities are few and far between for many people in the state, so the cruise operator is highly appreciated by most. Holland America Line was founded in the late 1800s as the Netherlands-America Steamship Company. The company's first vacation cruise was offered in 1895. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA, since 1989, it is now part of Carnival Corporation . The line currently comprises about 15 ships, all with casinos onboard. One of the company's greatest legacies is their part in helping to settle America by transporting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to the New World. The fleet consists of mid-sized ships with the smallest, an 'elegant explorer', the Prinsendam slated for retirement in 2019 and new vessels being commissioned in the Pinnacle Class like the MS Koningsdam, Nieuw Statendam , and Nieuw Ryndam with 12 decks and passenger complements of 2,650. Nieuw Ryndam is expected to be brought into service before the end of 2021. Casino hours vary from ship to ship. The minimum gambling age in international waters is 18 with the exception of Alaska Cruises where guests must be 21 or older. Blackjack, roulette, three card poker, and slots are found on most ships. Craps are available on some ships. The casinos are all well arranged and well maintained. Roulette can be found with $1 minimums in some cases, otherwise, most table games start at $5. Slots denominations range from a penny to $5 machines, Be sure to check the video poker paytables before getting too carried away. Depending on the cruise, bingo prizes can range from $2,000 to $100,000. All feature slots and blackjack tournaments. Whether you are sailing out of a US eastern or western port, Kowloon , Saint George's or Sydney , HAL offers a great gaming experience along with a stately cruise full of entertainment possibilities. Restaurants and fine dining, nightly entertainment, bars and lounges, diverse onboard activities like cooking workshops, wine tasting, and BBC Earth Experiences on board are just the tip of the mountain of fun that awaits on a Holland America Line cruise anywhere in the world. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD. was first known as Norwegian Caribbean Line when launched in 1966. Through a series of mergers, decouplings, acquisitions and investments the NYSE-listed company based in Florida is now owned in the minority by private equity companies as well as Genting Group which holds an 11.1% stake. The NCL holding company also owns Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises through a 2014 acquisition of parent company, Prestige Cruises International, Inc. Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL) offers informal casino cruises with no structured time for meals and some other activities and no need to dress formally at mealtime. For family travelers, Norwegian Escape, Breakaway, Getaway, and Epic offer the most 'kid friendly' cruises. All 15 of the ships, including Pride of America, the only US-flagged vessel in the fleet, offer gambling once the ships leave territorial waters. Game variety varies from ship to ship but a sampling of available games includes slots, blackjack and 21 variants, craps, roulette, three card poker, let it ride, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, baccarat, Pai Gow poker, and Texas Hold'em poker. Some of the blackjack variants include a Lucky Ladies side bet with a $5,000 jackpot. Lucky Ladies is available on all ships. All ships except Epic, Breakaway, and Getaway offer a Wheel of Madness side bet on the game. The optional bet can range from $1 to $10. When a player with a stake on the wheel is dealt a natural Blackjack they'll get a spin on the wheel to determine their side bet multiplier. The top prize is $5,000. For those who enjoy sailing on small city-size ships, Norwegian has added a third vessel to its Breakaway-Plus series with the launch of the 168,028-ton, 1,082-foot-long,  20-deck, 4,004 passenger Norwegian Bliss in 2018. She joins Escape and Joy in the class. Those ships launched in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cruise line is very popular and consistently adds to its fleet. There are 7 new additions to the fleet slated for release between 2019 and 2027. The five most recent debuts include Norwegian Bliss (2018), Joy (2017) Escape (2015), Getaway (2014), and Breakaway (2013). So far, Norwegian Bliss is the most innovative casino ship in the fleet with over 300 pokies (slots and video poker) and 25 gaming tables. Across the fleet, poker players register well ahead of time for the Norwegian Cruise Line Poker Challenge (NCLPC). The field is expected to surpass 400 participants soon. Oceania Cruises launched their first ship in 2002 and currently has a fleet of six ships. All of them offer gambling facilities. Founded by a team of cruise industry veterans, the company was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD in 2014 along with a sister company, Regent Seven Seas Cruises . Norwegian (NCL) is headquartered in Florida. All of Oceania's vessels fly the flag of the Marshall Islands. There are 4 ships in the Regatta class, all were built in 1998, 1999, or 2000. The MS Regatta was launched in 2003 and last refurbished in 2014. The most recent launch in the class was the 30,277 ton, 343 cabin, MS Sirena . The former Ocean Princess underwent a $40 million refurbishment in France and launched in 2016. Two brand new Oceania class ships were commissioned from Italian builder Fincantieri and are the first two new builds for the company. MS Marina , at 66,084 tons can hold 1,250 passengers and 580 of the 625 suites and cabins have private verandas. Marina launched in 2011. Her sister ship, which launched in 2012, is the MS Riviera . Two-week-long cruises are the norm for Oceania but they are most well known for much longer tours such as "Around the World in 180 Days" voyages and others lasting up to 195 days. The 6-month world cruises began in 2015. Bookings for the 180-Day World Cruises are taken up to two years in advance. The casinos are rather small in relation to the overall ship size on some vessels, mainly due to the extended times at sea. However, they are also a favorite attraction of many oceanfarers. The gambling spaces are well designed and stylish and offer table limits for all levels of players. The gaming machines include reel and video slots and video poker machines. Key card wagering makes the slots cashless. Casino credit is available to qualified guests and should be arranged one-month prior to departure. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check is required when you board the vessel in order to activate a credit line. All gaming is in USD and Euros can be exchanged on board. All play is tracked and rewarded through the Casinos at Sea rewards program which has 5 tiers. Points can be transfered from ship to ship and slot players can redeem rewards at any time onscreen while playing any game. P&O Cruises is the oldest cruise line in the world. The original company was founded in 1837 and the first passenger cruises from Southampton were offered in 1844. A series of de-mergers and mergers beginning in 2000 culminated in a merger with Carnival Corporation in 2003. The company operates seven cruise ships including Britannia which launched in early 2015. Two more large vessels are planned for launch in 2020 and 2020. All ships offer casino gaming once entering international waters. Table games, slot machines, bingo, scratch cards, and video horse racing are all offered. Roulette, blackjack, and three card poker are offered on all ships. Three of the casinos also offer Fun 21. If you don't see the game when aboard the Arcadia and there is an empty blackjack table, ask your host to flip the table as the Fun 21 felt is just underneath. Purchase your chips from the dealer with cash or your cruise card. All winnings are cashed out onto your cruise card. Slot machines all operate on a coinless system. To play, simply insert your cruise card or cash notes. Bingo offers five cash prizes each full day out to sea. There's also a jackpot that grows with nearly every game and must be won by the conclusion of the cruise. Scratch cards have prizes up to £20,000 and can be purchased at the casino desk. Video horse racing is presented on big screens. Arcadia features 4 tables and a variety of slots on the F deck. Aurora's casino is located on the Prom deck and features 4 tables and slots. Head to the F deck on Azura to find five tables offering three card poker, blackjack, roulette x2, and Fun 21. The casino on Britannia is deck 6 with 2 tables each offering blackjack, roulette, and three card poker. Oceana has five tables on D deck - Oriana offers 23 tables on the Prom deck, and there are five tables on F deck of Ventura. On sea days slots are open on all ships from 10 am until late with tables opening at noon. On port days, gaming doesn't start until the ship reaches international waters, which usually takes about 45 minutes. Opening times can vary by jurisdiction, but the demarcation point is usually 12 miles outside of port limits. Be sure to cash in your chips before leaving the ship. If you happen to forget, you can bring them along for your next voyage but may meet delays while the chips are authenticated. Princess Cruises launched their first Mexican Riviera cruise in 1965 but didn't become a household name known to people who vacation at sea until about a decade later when the company was acquired by P&O, who at the time was the world's largest oceanic shipper with more 300 vessels in operation. Baby boomers may recall Island Princess and Pacific Princess as the ships featured in the 1970s television series, The Love Boat. P&O spun off its passenger division in 2000, and it merged with Carnival in 2003. The combined company then featured 11 different brands of cruise ship companies. Princess, Carnival, and Holland America stopped requisitioning new ships during the 2008 economic downturn but added three new 3,600 passenger ships beginning with Royal Princess in 2013 and Regal Princess which entered service in 2014. A third Fincantieri-built ship, Majestic Princess launched in 2017. The entire current fleet flies the flag of Bermuda except for Royal, Majestic, Golden, Diamond, and Sapphire Princess which ships call the UK home. Three additional Bermuda-flagged Royal Class vessels are slated for launch in 2019, 2020, and 2022. Departure points for Princess Cruises include Vancouver, Canada , Brisbane, Rozelle, and Melbourne in Australia; Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and San Francisco in the US, as well as Marina Bay, Singapore ; Rome, Italy, and Piraeus in Greece. USA Today has awarded Princess the accolade of "Best cruise lines for Gamblers" and slots fans are frequently offered high return tournaments like the $200,000 Monopoly Cruise for Cash tournament. There are tournaments on every cruise so blackjack players and slots spinners have a chance to compete against their shipmates for cash prizes. Games vary from ship to ship but most voyagers will find traditional, video, and progressive jackpot slot machines as well as video poker. Table games can include heads-up Texas Hold ‘Em poker, and casino games like Caribbean Stud Poker, Three Card Poker and Let it Ride. Blackjack, dice, roulette, and other table games are available on most ships and you can even play bingo with ticket packages ranging from $10 to $30. A fairly new "class" of ships was introduced in 2017, known as the Ocean Medallion Class. These are 'the internet of things' ships with omnichannel connectivity to guests accounts from a medallion wristband. On ships appointed with the amenity, guests have access to the PlayOcean Casino and PlayOcean Everywhere so they can play real money games anywhere on the ship. Regent Seven Seas Cruises [(RSSC) formerly Radisson SSC] was founded in 1990. It is a luxury cruise line company offering an all-inclusive experience. Regent was a sister company of Oceania Cruises . The parent company, Prestige Cruise Holdings was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Lines in 2014. Regent Seven Seas Cruises' current fleet comprises 4 ships ranging from 28,550 gross tons to 54,000 GT. The largest ship to date is Seven Seas Explorer built in 2016 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri of Sestri Ponente, Genova.  Fincantieri has also been commissioned to delivers the 55k GT Seven Seas Splendor in early 2020. All vessels are currently Bahamian-flagged. The fleet's casino ships sail out of Sydney, Australia; the Port of Miami in the US, and Kavala, Greece. In early 2017 the parent company announced that a new Port of Miami terminal was under development for completion prior to 2020. All of the casinos in the fleet share in the Norwegian Cruise Lines Casinos At Sea rewards program. The rewards program has five tiers with the top three sharing a host of benefits including cruise suite discounts and convenience fee waivers. First-tier and all other players will enjoy promotional offers, pint redemtions for free play, and the ability t transfer points from ship to ship. Second tier members also receive special birthday offers. Point redemption for free play is easy. Slots and video poker players can cash in right at the machine they are playing at any time or do as table players do and redeem points at the casino cage. Casino credit is available to all players with an existing reservation. Please make arrangements at least 30 days in advance of your voyage. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check will be required on board to activate the line. The Casino on Seven Seas Mariner sailing out of Greece is located on Deck 7. The gaming facilities are open daily when territorial border limits do not restrict operations.  Blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and slot machines are available for play. Adult Entertainment beyond the casino floor includes a show lounge in the style of a Parisian cabaret with musical productions staged by experienced Broadway pros. The Connoisseur Club is a special hideaway where fine cognac and imported cigars are enjoyed by shipmates engaging in friendly conversation while they enjoy the finer things in life. Royal Caribbean International is a Miami-based cruise line brand owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. The company was founded in Norway in 1968 and has over 20 ships in operation as well as a future fleet that will bring that number to 30. You might be wondering: "How many of the oceangoing vessels have casinos?" Good news for seafaring gamblers! Royal Caribbean has outfitted their entire current fleet with onboard casinos! Some are a little bigger than others, and some have more game variety, but they all have lots of slots and plenty of table game action. Sailing out of England? Consider booking the Navigator of the Seas ; From Barcelona, Vision; Shanghai? Quantum of the Seas ; Hong Kong, Voyager. Most of the other cruises depart from the U.S . and Puerto Rico . All of the casinos offer thousands of square feet of Vegas-style action under the lights with video slots, video poker, table games, and tournaments. Some of the table games you can expect to find on your Royal Caribbean cruise are: Single Deck Blackjack Roulette Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'Em Let It Ride Three Card Poker Blackjack with Side Bets like Lucky Ladies Walking up to a high stakes blackjack table and sitting down with a stack of chips in front of you can seem intimidating to casual players and those who may need to brush up a little on their game. Royal Caribbean has you covered! During the day, your hosts will be glad to teach you the ins and outs of any game from roulette to baccarat. Once you get your "sea legs" for the game you can join a tournament where everyone has a chance to progress to the grand finale without risking stacks of your hard earned cash along the way. If you want to win big prizes with more help from Lady Luck than your own gambling experience, try a Slot Tournament. Simply go to the Casino Cash Desk when the casino is open to enroll in a qualifying tournament. Even Beginner's Luck can help you grab a chunk of the $50,000 prize pool! This might seem crazy: Poker players can qualify for the Royal Poker Tournament throughout the year. Winners are eligible for entry into the finals with a chance to win part of the $100,000 Royal Poker Prize Pool! Don't forget, you may be eligible for a free cruise vacation for two along the way. What Else Can I Look Forward To? Visit the Royal Caribbean Casino Cruise Experience to learn more about... Casino Promotions Club Royal Events Casino Rewards Program Casino Credit Win/Loss Statements Wire Transfer Instructions If you have questions now you can contact the Casino Call Center at (888) 561-2234. Seabourn Cruise Line offers casino gaming on all five of its luxury liner cruise ships. The company was founded in 1986 in Norway. Carnival Corp began purchasing shares in 1991 and completed ownership in 2001. The company moved its Miami headquarters to Seattle, Washington in 2011 to join Holland America Line . With home ports in the U.S., Argentina, and Singapore the company's five luxury casino cruise ships are... Seabourn Ovation Seabourn Encore Seabourn Quest Seabourn Odyssey Seabourn Sojourn You might be asking yourself: Should I book a Seabourn Cruise for gambling? The answer to that is simple. It depends on what you are looking for in a casino cruise... 1) How long do I want to be on the ship? 2) How much time will I spend in the casino? 3) Do I want a Las Vegas on the seas experience? 4) Would I be happy with a few slot machines and occasional table action? 5) Can I afford a Seabourn casino cruise? We'll help you answer those questions and more by sharing some things we know about the Seabourn Difference . Seabourn offers Caribbean cruises as short as seven days. They also offer mid-length ventures and journeys up to 100 days. Shore excursions are available on some cruises. The casinos onboard the ships are all on Deck 5 near the aft deck. They are small by most land casino standards with less than two dozen slots and video poker machines and 3 or 4 gaming tables. The gaming areas are located fore of The Club and near the Club Bar. Men and women's restrooms are adjacent to the gaming areas. The gaming areas are well appointed and well kept. They simply aren't large enough to provide a Las Vegas-style experience when you aren't actually gambling. Table games include Blackjack , Roulette , and Poker . Seabourn is a luxury cruise liner... Expect to pay top price for your cruise Formal nights are optional so you could save on wardrobe costs Prices are all-inclusive so your drinks are paid for Gourmands will especially appreciate Restaurant 2 Now that you know more about gambling at sea with Seabourn, you can sign up for special offers or explore the video gallery and choose a destination in the Caribbean, Mediterranian, Asia, or plan a Transatlantic cruise ! Expect to meet others onboard who are: Older, financially secure, well-dressed. Silversea Cruises is a mid-level luxury cruise line established in 1994 by the Lefebvre family of Rome, Italy. The company is headquartered in Monaco and owned in the majority (67%) by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd . The company's current fleet comprises nine vessels. The largest and newest ship is Silver Muse at 40,700 gross tons and capacity for nearly 600 passengers. Six of the ships are over sixteen tons and three are clippers in the company's Expedition fleet. Seafaring gamblers will find casinos aboard: Silver Cloud Silver Wind Silver Shadow Silver Whisper Silver Spirit (Refurbished/expanded March 2018) Silver Muse (Launched 2017) There are no gaming facilities on the smaller expedition class ships. You might be wondering... What are the best cruises for gambling? Really, any cruise anywhere in the world under 7 days is best. Why? The longer cruises tend to attract older vacationers who go to bed early. If you like the casino all to yourself, a longer cruise may be best. All of the ships with gaming offer Blackjack, Roulette, and slots. The two newer and larger ships have roomier, more opulent casino gaming areas with plenty of action. The smallest casino is on Silversea Wind with nine gaming machines and four tables. You can click the following link to view the casino aboard Silver Shadow . True luxury at mid-class prices: All inclusive pricing makes a Silverseas cruise an easy decision. You'll find most of your cruise mates are couples and the younger more upwardly mobile families have opted for a Carnival or Royal Caribbean cruise. Enjoy: All-Inclusive experience (gratuities included in fare) Fine dining (diverse cuisine, open seating, 24 hours) Private veranda (855 of suites) Very personalized service (Butler service in every suite) Champagne, wine, and spirits (anywhere on the ship including in-suite) Entertainment Complimentary transportation (in most port towns) Spa and fitness facilities If I run out of cash can I get an advance for the casino or shore excursions? Cash advances are limited to $1,000 per voyage per suite. Onboard cash advance services incur a 2% fee. Onboard credit cannot be used in the casino. Can I gamble online? Silversea offers unlimited free Wi-Fi. There are no known restrictions on personal usage. Your suite status will determine a premium or standard Wi-Fi package. If unsure of local laws, please wait until you are 12 miles out to sea before you gambling online . Where can I find out more? You can check out the individual casino cruises by clicking a link below. Contact information is also available on the profile pages. You can also visit SILVERSEA to find exclusive offers, request a quote or brochure, or book your cruise vacation now! Victory Casino Cruises has been running out of Port Canaveral, Florida since 2011. If you are looking for a 'cruise to nowhere' this might be your best bet. The Victory I first set sail in 1972 and was refurbished before Victory launched their casino cruise. If you've ever been on a gambling ship, as opposed to a luxury cruise liner with a casino... You might ask: "I thought gambling was a monopoly in Florida. How do they do it?" Yes, most of the slots and table games are in the Seminole Tribe's Hard Rock casinos . You can find poker and a few other games like poker at Florida racetracks and jai alai frontons. Once the ship enters international waters, Florida gambling laws no longer apply. The 3-mile journey usually takes about 30 minutes - then the games are on! #1 Florida Casino Cruise? Judging by the reviews on TripAdvisor , most people are extremely satisfied with their Victory Casino Cruise experiences. Those who weren't might not have known what to expect. This is a gambling ship You'll be out to sea for 5-6 hours People smoke outside, so you might smell it You might say: "Okay, I get it. But what about the casino... is it a real casino?" Oh yeah! It's a real casino alright. There are over 600 slots so there should always be some open. On a busy cruise, they'll open up to 100 gaming tables. That puts it on par with most Downtown Las Vegas properties and quite a few on the Strip. Here's what you can play... Slots Blackjack $5-$500 - dealer stands all 17's - BJ pays 3:2 Craps Roulette EZ Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'em Mississippi Stud Three Card Poker Let It Ride Bingo Only Legal Sportsbook in Florida!!! Read on for more about the boat and what's on it... Four decks are available on the 2,137 GT, 368-foot gambling ship built at the Bellinger Shipyard, Jacksonville FL in 1972. Deck 1 - Sportsbook Lounge, Atlantic Cafe Deck 2 - High-limit slots, Table games Deck 3 - Slots atrium Deck 4 - Big Norm's Club V, Outside deck Dolphin Bar Big Norm's Club V is open 7 days a week. On weekends it turns into more of a nightclub with DJ's, internationally and locally renowned musicians. Where to learn more about Victory Casino Cruise Location Captain's Weather Blog Transportation Windstar Cruises is a luxury cruise line established in 1984. Based in Seattle, Washington the company's fleet comprises 6 yachts with capacities ranging from 148 to 310 guests. The line is owned by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Inc., whose parent company is The Anschutz Corporation. Former owners include Holland America Line . All six ships offer casino gambling . So... Other than offering luxury yachts, what sets Windstar apart? For the answer to that, let's look at the company's flagship vessel, The Wind Star . In service since 1986, the Wind Star features a spa, a Signature shop, library, veranda, watersports platform, whirlpool, pool bar, gourmet restaurant/lounge, a casino, and Windstar's Open Bridge Policy. When the weather is good... The Captain will welcome you to the bridge No reservations needed Shop with the chefs at foreign markets Sample the local fare and help pick out: produce spices herbs local treats Enjoy the next moveable feast onboard! Watersports Platform snorkeling paddle boarding swimming sailing water skiing windsurfing kayaking The Rest of the Fleet Wind Spirit (most popular casino ship) Wind Surf (the largest, formerly Club Med 1) Star Pride (formerly Seabourn Pride) Star Breeze (formerly Seabourn Breeze) Star Legend (formerly Seabourn Legend) Okay, now, some gambling details Age to Play: 21 While we're talking about age... This line is not recommended for families with children except for older teens. Very few organized activities. Sightseeing and adult socializing are key cruise features. Games: Blackjack, roulette, slots , poker The ships have a mix of gaming opportunities. Expect all on larger ships like Wind Surf. Table Minimum : $5 Slots: Multidenominational Onboard Credit: Arrange prior to departure for best success Smoking: Not allowed in the casino - only  in designated smoking areas on outside decks Learn more about what makes Windstar different Learn more about Windstar Policies - Read the FAQ Additional gambling opportunities on a Windstar Cruise If you want to take a shore excursion and include a casino night... Choose a destination or cruise with a layover to Monte Carlo ! Please keep in mind that all casinos in Monaco require men to wear a jacket and tie. Top Destinations: Asia Caribbean Costa Rica/Panama Cana Mediterranean Mexico How do I get there? Visit Windstar Cruises to find a cruise, plan your journey, look for specials, or dream about the yachts ! Seafaring gamblers in the Nordic region, especially the northern parts of the Baltic Sea, have been enjoying the gambling services of Paf on Tallink and Silja line cruises for over three decades. The Åland-based service provider's contract is up for renewal at five year periods with 2023 on the horizon fore or aft. Onboard games include popular slots, bingo, poker, table and card games, lotteries, and sports betting. Departure points for gambling cruises include Stockholm in Sweden along with Helsinki and Turku in Finland. The Baltic Princess sails out of Stockholm twice each day and offers full family entertainment and escape with a well-staffed Siljaland playroom for the kids. It's one of the newest ships on the Baltic and offers no-limit Texas Hold'em tournaments and daily live entertainment. Cruise ferry Galaxy offers 927 cabins over 12 decks, several restaurants and bars, as well as a kids zone. The onboard casino has slots, roulette, and blackjack tables. This vessel is often used for business meetings as the modern 450 conference center attracts the business class as well as weddings and family parties and gatherings. The sauna department is highly rated. The Silja Symphony departs from Stockholm and is an older ship launched in 1991. A favorite of many seeking a break, this is a unique vessel. The heart of the ship features a pedestrian streetwalk down the Promenade with top-tier restaurants, cafes, and a variety of shops on either side. The casino is located in the bow of the ship on Deck 7 where you'll find roulette, poker and slot machines. Silja Serenade Cruise Ship sails out of Helsinki and is perhaps the premier gambling ship in the fleet. There are ten classes of cabins and suites from the special cabins designed to accommodate people with special needs and those who are traveling with a pet or have allergies to the Executive Suite on Deck 11 with 75m2 of luxurious space and featuring its own sauna. Paf has recently upgraded the manual payment system in its casinos on the Tallink & Silja Line, replacing coins with tickets - adding another level of convenience and comfort for adventurers. AS Tallink Grupp services nearly 10 million passengers each year on its 14 consumer vessels. Paf also operates the casino aboard Casino Sunborn in Gibraltar , a 5-star superyacht, and the Paf Casino on Åland with more than 1,500 slot machines and 55 gaming tables in operation. Big M Gaming LLC operates two gambling cruise ships out of Little River, SC in the United States; Big "M" Casino Ship I and Big "M" Casino Ship II . The seaside of Little River is better known as Myrtle Beach. It is situated next to the South/North Carolina border and has been continuously inhabited since the first trading post was established in the 1700's. Big M offers 5-hour gambling cruises with a set-price all you can eat buffet and is very popular in the region. There are no land casinos in the state. The closest terrestrial casino is Harrah's Cherokee nearly 6 hours away in North Carolina. Due to strict gambling laws in the state, the only way to play blackjack or slots legally is to go out to sea. Gaming is only allowed after you are at least 3 miles away from shore but the ships may travel as far as 15 miles out. It takes about 45 minutes to reach international waters. The minimum age to board either ship is 21. Smoking is only allowed on the main deck casino during gaming hours. Both ships also offer smoke-free gaming decks with slot machines. Both ships offer Las Vegas-style gambling. Only Ship I has Texas Hold ’em poker. Both casinos host slots, roulette, craps, Let it Ride, 3-card poker and other specialty games. Both ships are well maintained and kept clean, although we wouldn't go so far as to refer to them as ' luxury yachts ' as the company does, they are nicely appointed and there is plenty of room to move around. The ships are rarely, if ever, out to sea at the same time so if you have a preference (outer deck smoking, prime rib or seafood buffets, etc.), it's always a good idea to call ahead or visit the website for a schedule and current prices. The water can get a bit rough any time of the year and the outings occur every month. Some people will choose to eat on the way out, others on the way back to port, and others may not eat at all. The price of the buffet is not included in boarding fees. The buffet deck is not handicap accessible but staff will gladly bring food to the main deck and set up a comfortable dining space for those who can't reach the restaurant. Sandwiches are available on the top deck throughout the cruise. BUffet prices are reasonable. Beer, wine, and well drinks are about the same price as you'll find in the town of Little River . Carnival Cruise Line offers casino gaming on over two dozen ships departing from the U.S. and other ports from Honolulu, Hawaii, and Miami, to Barcelona, Spain .  While the gaming centers may have different names from vessel to vessel, most are fairly generic capitalizing on formulas the cruise giant has developed over the years. Your Sail & Sign card also doubles as Carnival Players Club card at all of the casinos. The Ocean Players Club covers you on any Carnival Casino cruise, Ibero Cruceros, P&O Cruises, Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, Holland America, Cunard, Seabourn, and Princess Cruises. Carnival ships are family ships, so there's always a safe and healthy place for the kids to play while mom and dad head out for a little Las Vegas-style action during their escape to sea. Most Carnival casinos allow passengers 18 years of age and older to enter and play in the casinos. Common among most of the gaming decks are optional casino tournaments featuring slots, poker, and blackjack . The cost of tournaments change from time to time, ship to ship, and game to game but the payouts for winning on sheer luck can pay for the trip and more. Slots are the biggest draw with games from top developers and providers such as Aruze, Bally, and IGT. The Sphinx 3D™ by IGT gives players all the thrills they would ever expect in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. But if you want a dealer or croupier to get to know you by name you'll have to go to the table. Most of the blackjack tables have low buy-ins but if enough high rollers want a game your Carnival casino host will probably accommodate the request. You're not likely to find single-deck action but there are plenty of variations on the basic theme to keep most players happy including Face-Up 21, Fun 21, and classic blackjack. Most ships offer poker tournaments or at least a table or two for poker players. The electronic PokerPro tables might take some players a couple of minutes to get used to - just cup your hands around the display of face-down cards to see them revealed. If you're a poker junky and on a vessel with  Ocean Medallion technology, you can play 24/7 on your mobile device even if the tables floor tables are closed. Slots , bingo, and roulette are also available on some cruises. Players won't find free drinks coming around every few minutes like they do in Las Vegas, and you'll have to be at least 21 to order a partake, but Carnival offers double the comps for gameplay compared to other cruise lines. This means that your casino points add up to free beer, wine, and cocktails or even non-alcoholic drinks if you prefer. For the not-so-serious gamblers, there are also prize games - some require skill, and all require luck. Win a stack of greenbacks on the Cash Cube or try your hand at picking up pricey electronics and other prizes on a claw machine. Celebrity Cruises offer a single brand of casino experience across the fleet of gaming equipped vessels. Every Celebrity cruise ship except the Expedition has a Fortune Casino onboard. All ships offer blackjack, roulette, poker, craps, and a wide range of slot machines.  For guests on the Celebrity Solstice sailing out of Sydney, and several other cruises, baccarat (punto banco) is also available upon request. Since the casinos don't open for play until the cruise is in international waters, most gambling laws do not apply. Guests only need to be 18 years old to play, except for the Alaska Cruise which requires guests to be 21 or older.  No matter where the ship is, you need to be 21 to drink. Smoking is not allowed in any Fortunes Casino but all ships have designated outdoor smoking areas. Celebrity Cruises belongs to the International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) and adheres to council guidelines on gambling entertainment. All facilities and equipment meet regulatory standards equal to Nevada or other licensed jurisdictions for payback percentages ad internal software; abide by rules of play equal to Nevada, New Jersey or England, and all gambling operations are audited by Celebrity's internal audit department on a regular basis, among other controls. Fortunes Casino partners with MGM, so if you remember to use your player's club card you can earn comps and perks at land-based casinos while you are out at sea! All loyalty tiers can redeem points for free casino play. There are 5 tiers and players in the top 3 tiers receive anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars in free play each time they sail. There are now more than 20 perks and benefits associated with Blue Chip Club membership. Passengers will always find excellent dining and lounge options on Celebrity casino cruises as well as entertainment. Among the best-outfitted vessels for casino gaming players will find about 275 slot machines. Celebrity Millenium sailing out of Hong Kong, Infinity, Summit, and Constellation offer around 190 machines each, about a dozen mixed Las Vegas-style table games, and 1 electronic Pokermate Texas Hold 'Em table. Celebrity Reflection sailing out of Chile and Brazil, Equinox, Eclipse, Silhouette, and  Solstice each have more than a dozen tables with 2 poker tables each and baccarat upon request. All Fortune Casinos offer at least one single-deck blackjack table. Slots start at $0.01, they include reel slots and video bonus games. Video poker machines are included in the slot machines count. People who take the seas to gamble in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe know the Costa Cruises experience, or as the line is called in its native Italy, Costa Crociere. Vessels with onboard casinos include those sailing out of Marina Bay, Singapore ; Tianjin, China; Dubai, UAE; Port Louis, Mauritius; Mumbai, India and Savona, Italy . Starting out with cargo ships in 1854, the company started commercial activities from about 1924 until the first passenger services were begun in 1947 with regular services to South America. The then family-owned company eventually converted their fleet to cruising and became one of the largest operators in Europe before selling to Carnival in the year 2000. The Carnival family of companies now comprises  Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Crociere, Cunard Line, Holland America, Seabourn Cruise Lines, and Windstar Cruises with Costa accounting for about 16% of the parent company's revenue. Costa Cruises brand currently operates six casino ships and 8 vessels without gaming facilities. All sail under the Italian flag in the waters of the Caribbean, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia, and South America. None of the casino spaces are huge by international standards but all are well appointed and offer tables and slots. The Mediterranea , sailing out of Savona in Italy, offers the most slots with over 140 machines, while the Atlantica , departing from Tianjin, China offers the most table games with a count of 21. The table game selection varies by ship but you will usually find blackjack, roulette, and poker, as well as craps on some vessels. All of the vessels offer fine dining, recreation, entertainment, shopping, sport, and wellness facilities including spas. Some of the ships without casino feature 4D Cinema as part of the kids' package of family fun. Some of the amenities found on Costa Cruises Fortuna, sailing out of Port Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates include a theater, library, art gallery, cognac bar and a cigar bar. Dining ranges from casual to fine dining on all vessels with 7-Michelin starred chef's tending to your needs on some. For those who smoke and those who prefer not to be exposed, all cabins and public rooms are smoke-free. There are designated spaces on open decks for smokers and you can smoke on your private cabin balcony - and of course, in the Cigar Bar. e-cigarettes are in your cabin as well. neoClassica and neoRomantica sail out of Mumbai, India and Port Louis, Mauritius respectively and offer a good variety of gaming. Crystal Cruises is an American luxury liner with two casino outfitted ships as of 2018. Formerly owned and operated by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) with Caesars Casinos onboard, the line was sold to Genting Hong Kong in 2015. The casinos were rebranded as Resorts World casinos after Genting's other land-based casino brand. The subsidiary was also renamed to Crystal, Ltd and maintains headquarters in Los Angeles, California, and Miami, Florida. Additional luxury brands in service or under development include Crystal River Cruises, Crystal Yacht Expedition Cruises, Crystal Luxury Air and Crystal AirCruises. Crystal Cruises is currently the only division to offer full-service onboard casino amenities. Both the Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity were scheduled for major makeovers upon acquisition. In October 2017 the Symphony emerged from a multimillion-dollar renovation with luxury suites and penthouses in addition to more standard accommodations. The 50,000-ton vessel formerly accommodated 1,000 passengers but now offers more space and luxury to just 848 guests over eight decks. The new deck configuration for Serenity unveiled in November 2018. The Serenity offers 9 decks including the uppermost Sun Deck with elevator service. In addition to a large social area, vacationers will find paddle tennis courts, a sliding glass roof that can retract and let air as well as light into the Trident area, a weight room, spa, and salon. Like the Symphony, the 4,500 sq ft casino is found on the second level Tiffany Deck. Games offered include Blackjack , Roulette, Slot machines, Bingo, Mini-Baccarat, Texas Hold'em, and Three Card Poker. In addition to open floor casino space and VIP rooms, a luxury showroom and stage is fore - with an atrium, retail outlets, a Hollywood Theater, bistro, photo gallery, nightclub, connoisseur club (smoking lounge), saloon, and dance club with a stage - all aft of the casino. Look for Umi Uma & Sushi Bar on Serenity from November 2018 - Chef Nobu Matsuhisa's only Nobu at sea. All chefs have been personally trained by the master himself. Additional fine dining sees Prego bring the flavors of Italy to the Serenity. Every day dining is also available in the Crystal Dining Room with signature menus focused on two choices - one classic, the other, modern. Crystal Cove is a luxury cognac bar featuring Rémy Martin Louis XIII at the top end as well as wines, liqueurs, tequila, and grappa. The Penthouse Suites at 982 square feet (91.23 sqm) offer verandahs as do some staterooms, Other staterooms feature large picture windows. Elevator service is provided to all decks. The ships' ports of call are Philipsburg, Sint Maarten and the Port of Anchorage in Anchorage, Alaska. Cunard Line has been operated by Carnival since 1998, but the company has a rich and illustrious history dating back to 1839. Starting out with Britain's first transatlantic steamship mail contract, there are now three vessels in operation offering Northern European, Mediterranean, Transatlantic, Caribbean, and World Cruises. The fleet currently consists of the ocean liner Queen Mary 2 , and cruise ships Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria . A 4th vessel is slated for operation n 2022. There is a casino on board each Cunard ship. However, not all cruises offer gambling as the Empire Casinos do not open during voyages without foreign ports of call on the itinerary. Vessels stopping in Dublin, Cobh, St Peters Port and all foreign country ports will sail outside of UK territorial waters (12 miles/45 minutes) and the casinos will be opened while outside of the UKGC's jurisdiction. Queen Mary 2 offers Roulette, Blackjack, Three card poker, and Heads up Texas Hold'em - a house-banked casino game played against the dealer - as well as about 100 slot machines. There are 9 gaming tables in total aboard QM2. As mention, the casino opens about 45 minutes after leaving port. Once out to sea, slots machines are available for play beginning at 10am. Tables are open from 11am until 5pm, and then again from 7:30pm until close. Closing time is at the discretion of the casino manager. Queen Elizabeth offers about 45 slot machines and 5 gaming tables. Available table games include Roulette, Blackjack, Three Card Poker, and Fun 21. Queen Victoria features about 45 slots and the same mix of games spread over 5 tables as are found on Queen Elizabeth. Table limits on all ships vary from $3 - $25 minimums with maximum bets ranging from $100 - $500. Reels slots, video slots, and video poker machines are multi-denominational with 'coin' sizes ranging from a penny to $5. All machines are coinless. Deposits are accepted in notes or via cruise cards. Cashouts are done to your card. Cash and cards are accepted at the tables to purchase chips. A credit card must be registered at the front desk in order to use your cruise card for gambling. "Onboard spending money" is not accepted for chip purchases. Complimentary gaming lessons are available during the day for those who may not be familiar with the rules or practices of certain games. Glory Sea is the first cruise ship launched by Diamond Cruise International Co. The ship is a luxury liner with an ever-changing itinerary that has included short cruises sailing from China's Shanghai port 2016-2017, and a 10-month charter with roundtrip cruises from Sokcho, South Korea which began in November 2017. Some destinations included Japan and Vladivostok , Russia, Vietnam’s Ha Long Bay from China’s “Coconut City,” Haikou, along with Da Nang and Nha Trang, as well as Manila and Boracay in the Philippines. Upon launch, the onboard VIP casino was operated by Century Casinos, Inc. , which also operates casinos aboard ships owned by TUI Cruises, Thomson Cruises, and Windstar Cruises. Immediately prior to its acquisition by Diamond Cruise parent company, Suzhou Taihu International Travel Agency, the vessel was known as Celestyal Odyssey and help a slightly smaller casino on the 6th deck. After the 2016 refurbishment, the Century casino offered 16 table games with a VIP room, and 40 gaming machines. Games offered include blackjack, roulette, 3 Card Poker, Sic Bo, baccarat and video slots. Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines is owned by a Norwegian company, Bonheur and Ganger Rolf, part of the Fred. Olsen Group. Company headquarters are located in Ipswich, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom. The company was started in 1848 by three brothers who embarked on a business of international shipping. Still, a family company, five generations of Olsens have participated in the venture as well as several other sectors from shipbuilding to electronics. There are five ships in the current fleet including the Brabant, Fred Olsens's first river cruise. All of the ships offer gaming opportunities, but the voyages are not usually undertaken with a primary focus on gambling. Each vessel has two gaming tables - one for blackjack and another for roulette. Many experienced passengers report that the tables are not open on every voyage. However, gambling is an advertised service and a croupier will most likely open a table upon request if it is not already in action. Guests will need to be at least 18 years of age to play. Only cash (Pounds Sterling) is accepted at the tables and bets cannot be charged to your room account. The Oceangoing ships are Black Watch ,  Braemar, Boudicca , and Balmoral. Onboard, passengers will find restaurants and fine dining, bars and lounges, relaxation and fitness and plenty of entertainment and fun activities which vary from sailing to sailing. Be sure to ask about the Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs), a great way to explore! The Genting Hongkong is a Corosration who owns and operate one of the leading global leisure, entertainment and other businesses. One of the major businesses of Genting Hongkong are Resorts World Manila whom opened last August 29, 2009 together with three big luxurious Hotels such us Maxims Hotel, Remington Hotel and Mariott Hotel . Another Property of Genting are Star Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Line whos offering cruise shipping to over 200 destinations all over the world and with 39,000 lower berths approximately. Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. operates the Emerald Princess Casino out of Brunswick, Georgia in the United States. The departure and return location is about halfway between Savannah, GA, and Jacksonville, FL. Out to sea, are St. Simons Island, Sea Island, Jekyll Island, Little St. Simons Island. The ship is rather small at 200 feet so passengers who have issues with motion sickness may want to use an appropriate medication or another method to deal with it. Two of the ship's four decks are devoted to gambling. Smoking is allowed on both levels but never on the third level Bistro Deck. The fourth deck is an open-air observation deck. Guests must be 18 or older to board and gamble and must be at least 21 years of age to drink alcohol. Gambling opportunities are few and far between for many people in the state, so the cruise operator is highly appreciated by most. Holland America Line was founded in the late 1800s as the Netherlands-America Steamship Company. The company's first vacation cruise was offered in 1895. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA, since 1989, it is now part of Carnival Corporation . The line currently comprises about 15 ships, all with casinos onboard. One of the company's greatest legacies is their part in helping to settle America by transporting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to the New World. The fleet consists of mid-sized ships with the smallest, an 'elegant explorer', the Prinsendam slated for retirement in 2019 and new vessels being commissioned in the Pinnacle Class like the MS Koningsdam, Nieuw Statendam , and Nieuw Ryndam with 12 decks and passenger complements of 2,650. Nieuw Ryndam is expected to be brought into service before the end of 2021. Casino hours vary from ship to ship. The minimum gambling age in international waters is 18 with the exception of Alaska Cruises where guests must be 21 or older. Blackjack, roulette, three card poker, and slots are found on most ships. Craps are available on some ships. The casinos are all well arranged and well maintained. Roulette can be found with $1 minimums in some cases, otherwise, most table games start at $5. Slots denominations range from a penny to $5 machines, Be sure to check the video poker paytables before getting too carried away. Depending on the cruise, bingo prizes can range from $2,000 to $100,000. All feature slots and blackjack tournaments. Whether you are sailing out of a US eastern or western port, Kowloon , Saint George's or Sydney , HAL offers a great gaming experience along with a stately cruise full of entertainment possibilities. Restaurants and fine dining, nightly entertainment, bars and lounges, diverse onboard activities like cooking workshops, wine tasting, and BBC Earth Experiences on board are just the tip of the mountain of fun that awaits on a Holland America Line cruise anywhere in the world. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD. was first known as Norwegian Caribbean Line when launched in 1966. Through a series of mergers, decouplings, acquisitions and investments the NYSE-listed company based in Florida is now owned in the minority by private equity companies as well as Genting Group which holds an 11.1% stake. The NCL holding company also owns Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises through a 2014 acquisition of parent company, Prestige Cruises International, Inc. Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL) offers informal casino cruises with no structured time for meals and some other activities and no need to dress formally at mealtime. For family travelers, Norwegian Escape, Breakaway, Getaway, and Epic offer the most 'kid friendly' cruises. All 15 of the ships, including Pride of America, the only US-flagged vessel in the fleet, offer gambling once the ships leave territorial waters. Game variety varies from ship to ship but a sampling of available games includes slots, blackjack and 21 variants, craps, roulette, three card poker, let it ride, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, baccarat, Pai Gow poker, and Texas Hold'em poker. Some of the blackjack variants include a Lucky Ladies side bet with a $5,000 jackpot. Lucky Ladies is available on all ships. All ships except Epic, Breakaway, and Getaway offer a Wheel of Madness side bet on the game. The optional bet can range from $1 to $10. When a player with a stake on the wheel is dealt a natural Blackjack they'll get a spin on the wheel to determine their side bet multiplier. The top prize is $5,000. For those who enjoy sailing on small city-size ships, Norwegian has added a third vessel to its Breakaway-Plus series with the launch of the 168,028-ton, 1,082-foot-long,  20-deck, 4,004 passenger Norwegian Bliss in 2018. She joins Escape and Joy in the class. Those ships launched in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cruise line is very popular and consistently adds to its fleet. There are 7 new additions to the fleet slated for release between 2019 and 2027. The five most recent debuts include Norwegian Bliss (2018), Joy (2017) Escape (2015), Getaway (2014), and Breakaway (2013). So far, Norwegian Bliss is the most innovative casino ship in the fleet with over 300 pokies (slots and video poker) and 25 gaming tables. Across the fleet, poker players register well ahead of time for the Norwegian Cruise Line Poker Challenge (NCLPC). The field is expected to surpass 400 participants soon. Oceania Cruises launched their first ship in 2002 and currently has a fleet of six ships. All of them offer gambling facilities. Founded by a team of cruise industry veterans, the company was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD in 2014 along with a sister company, Regent Seven Seas Cruises . Norwegian (NCL) is headquartered in Florida. All of Oceania's vessels fly the flag of the Marshall Islands. There are 4 ships in the Regatta class, all were built in 1998, 1999, or 2000. The MS Regatta was launched in 2003 and last refurbished in 2014. The most recent launch in the class was the 30,277 ton, 343 cabin, MS Sirena . The former Ocean Princess underwent a $40 million refurbishment in France and launched in 2016. Two brand new Oceania class ships were commissioned from Italian builder Fincantieri and are the first two new builds for the company. MS Marina , at 66,084 tons can hold 1,250 passengers and 580 of the 625 suites and cabins have private verandas. Marina launched in 2011. Her sister ship, which launched in 2012, is the MS Riviera . Two-week-long cruises are the norm for Oceania but they are most well known for much longer tours such as "Around the World in 180 Days" voyages and others lasting up to 195 days. The 6-month world cruises began in 2015. Bookings for the 180-Day World Cruises are taken up to two years in advance. The casinos are rather small in relation to the overall ship size on some vessels, mainly due to the extended times at sea. However, they are also a favorite attraction of many oceanfarers. The gambling spaces are well designed and stylish and offer table limits for all levels of players. The gaming machines include reel and video slots and video poker machines. Key card wagering makes the slots cashless. Casino credit is available to qualified guests and should be arranged one-month prior to departure. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check is required when you board the vessel in order to activate a credit line. All gaming is in USD and Euros can be exchanged on board. All play is tracked and rewarded through the Casinos at Sea rewards program which has 5 tiers. Points can be transfered from ship to ship and slot players can redeem rewards at any time onscreen while playing any game. P&O Cruises is the oldest cruise line in the world. The original company was founded in 1837 and the first passenger cruises from Southampton were offered in 1844. A series of de-mergers and mergers beginning in 2000 culminated in a merger with Carnival Corporation in 2003. The company operates seven cruise ships including Britannia which launched in early 2015. Two more large vessels are planned for launch in 2020 and 2020. All ships offer casino gaming once entering international waters. Table games, slot machines, bingo, scratch cards, and video horse racing are all offered. Roulette, blackjack, and three card poker are offered on all ships. Three of the casinos also offer Fun 21. If you don't see the game when aboard the Arcadia and there is an empty blackjack table, ask your host to flip the table as the Fun 21 felt is just underneath. Purchase your chips from the dealer with cash or your cruise card. All winnings are cashed out onto your cruise card. Slot machines all operate on a coinless system. To play, simply insert your cruise card or cash notes. Bingo offers five cash prizes each full day out to sea. There's also a jackpot that grows with nearly every game and must be won by the conclusion of the cruise. Scratch cards have prizes up to £20,000 and can be purchased at the casino desk. Video horse racing is presented on big screens. Arcadia features 4 tables and a variety of slots on the F deck. Aurora's casino is located on the Prom deck and features 4 tables and slots. Head to the F deck on Azura to find five tables offering three card poker, blackjack, roulette x2, and Fun 21. The casino on Britannia is deck 6 with 2 tables each offering blackjack, roulette, and three card poker. Oceana has five tables on D deck - Oriana offers 23 tables on the Prom deck, and there are five tables on F deck of Ventura. On sea days slots are open on all ships from 10 am until late with tables opening at noon. On port days, gaming doesn't start until the ship reaches international waters, which usually takes about 45 minutes. Opening times can vary by jurisdiction, but the demarcation point is usually 12 miles outside of port limits. Be sure to cash in your chips before leaving the ship. If you happen to forget, you can bring them along for your next voyage but may meet delays while the chips are authenticated. Princess Cruises launched their first Mexican Riviera cruise in 1965 but didn't become a household name known to people who vacation at sea until about a decade later when the company was acquired by P&O, who at the time was the world's largest oceanic shipper with more 300 vessels in operation. Baby boomers may recall Island Princess and Pacific Princess as the ships featured in the 1970s television series, The Love Boat. P&O spun off its passenger division in 2000, and it merged with Carnival in 2003. The combined company then featured 11 different brands of cruise ship companies. Princess, Carnival, and Holland America stopped requisitioning new ships during the 2008 economic downturn but added three new 3,600 passenger ships beginning with Royal Princess in 2013 and Regal Princess which entered service in 2014. A third Fincantieri-built ship, Majestic Princess launched in 2017. The entire current fleet flies the flag of Bermuda except for Royal, Majestic, Golden, Diamond, and Sapphire Princess which ships call the UK home. Three additional Bermuda-flagged Royal Class vessels are slated for launch in 2019, 2020, and 2022. Departure points for Princess Cruises include Vancouver, Canada , Brisbane, Rozelle, and Melbourne in Australia; Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and San Francisco in the US, as well as Marina Bay, Singapore ; Rome, Italy, and Piraeus in Greece. USA Today has awarded Princess the accolade of "Best cruise lines for Gamblers" and slots fans are frequently offered high return tournaments like the $200,000 Monopoly Cruise for Cash tournament. There are tournaments on every cruise so blackjack players and slots spinners have a chance to compete against their shipmates for cash prizes. Games vary from ship to ship but most voyagers will find traditional, video, and progressive jackpot slot machines as well as video poker. Table games can include heads-up Texas Hold ‘Em poker, and casino games like Caribbean Stud Poker, Three Card Poker and Let it Ride. Blackjack, dice, roulette, and other table games are available on most ships and you can even play bingo with ticket packages ranging from $10 to $30. A fairly new "class" of ships was introduced in 2017, known as the Ocean Medallion Class. These are 'the internet of things' ships with omnichannel connectivity to guests accounts from a medallion wristband. On ships appointed with the amenity, guests have access to the PlayOcean Casino and PlayOcean Everywhere so they can play real money games anywhere on the ship. Regent Seven Seas Cruises [(RSSC) formerly Radisson SSC] was founded in 1990. It is a luxury cruise line company offering an all-inclusive experience. Regent was a sister company of Oceania Cruises . The parent company, Prestige Cruise Holdings was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Lines in 2014. Regent Seven Seas Cruises' current fleet comprises 4 ships ranging from 28,550 gross tons to 54,000 GT. The largest ship to date is Seven Seas Explorer built in 2016 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri of Sestri Ponente, Genova.  Fincantieri has also been commissioned to delivers the 55k GT Seven Seas Splendor in early 2020. All vessels are currently Bahamian-flagged. The fleet's casino ships sail out of Sydney, Australia; the Port of Miami in the US, and Kavala, Greece. In early 2017 the parent company announced that a new Port of Miami terminal was under development for completion prior to 2020. All of the casinos in the fleet share in the Norwegian Cruise Lines Casinos At Sea rewards program. The rewards program has five tiers with the top three sharing a host of benefits including cruise suite discounts and convenience fee waivers. First-tier and all other players will enjoy promotional offers, pint redemtions for free play, and the ability t transfer points from ship to ship. Second tier members also receive special birthday offers. Point redemption for free play is easy. Slots and video poker players can cash in right at the machine they are playing at any time or do as table players do and redeem points at the casino cage. Casino credit is available to all players with an existing reservation. Please make arrangements at least 30 days in advance of your voyage. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check will be required on board to activate the line. The Casino on Seven Seas Mariner sailing out of Greece is located on Deck 7. The gaming facilities are open daily when territorial border limits do not restrict operations.  Blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and slot machines are available for play. Adult Entertainment beyond the casino floor includes a show lounge in the style of a Parisian cabaret with musical productions staged by experienced Broadway pros. The Connoisseur Club is a special hideaway where fine cognac and imported cigars are enjoyed by shipmates engaging in friendly conversation while they enjoy the finer things in life. Royal Caribbean International is a Miami-based cruise line brand owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. The company was founded in Norway in 1968 and has over 20 ships in operation as well as a future fleet that will bring that number to 30. You might be wondering: "How many of the oceangoing vessels have casinos?" Good news for seafaring gamblers! Royal Caribbean has outfitted their entire current fleet with onboard casinos! Some are a little bigger than others, and some have more game variety, but they all have lots of slots and plenty of table game action. Sailing out of England? Consider booking the Navigator of the Seas ; From Barcelona, Vision; Shanghai? Quantum of the Seas ; Hong Kong, Voyager. Most of the other cruises depart from the U.S . and Puerto Rico . All of the casinos offer thousands of square feet of Vegas-style action under the lights with video slots, video poker, table games, and tournaments. Some of the table games you can expect to find on your Royal Caribbean cruise are: Single Deck Blackjack Roulette Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'Em Let It Ride Three Card Poker Blackjack with Side Bets like Lucky Ladies Walking up to a high stakes blackjack table and sitting down with a stack of chips in front of you can seem intimidating to casual players and those who may need to brush up a little on their game. Royal Caribbean has you covered! During the day, your hosts will be glad to teach you the ins and outs of any game from roulette to baccarat. Once you get your "sea legs" for the game you can join a tournament where everyone has a chance to progress to the grand finale without risking stacks of your hard earned cash along the way. If you want to win big prizes with more help from Lady Luck than your own gambling experience, try a Slot Tournament. Simply go to the Casino Cash Desk when the casino is open to enroll in a qualifying tournament. Even Beginner's Luck can help you grab a chunk of the $50,000 prize pool! This might seem crazy: Poker players can qualify for the Royal Poker Tournament throughout the year. Winners are eligible for entry into the finals with a chance to win part of the $100,000 Royal Poker Prize Pool! Don't forget, you may be eligible for a free cruise vacation for two along the way. What Else Can I Look Forward To? Visit the Royal Caribbean Casino Cruise Experience to learn more about... Casino Promotions Club Royal Events Casino Rewards Program Casino Credit Win/Loss Statements Wire Transfer Instructions If you have questions now you can contact the Casino Call Center at (888) 561-2234. Seabourn Cruise Line offers casino gaming on all five of its luxury liner cruise ships. The company was founded in 1986 in Norway. Carnival Corp began purchasing shares in 1991 and completed ownership in 2001. The company moved its Miami headquarters to Seattle, Washington in 2011 to join Holland America Line . With home ports in the U.S., Argentina, and Singapore the company's five luxury casino cruise ships are... Seabourn Ovation Seabourn Encore Seabourn Quest Seabourn Odyssey Seabourn Sojourn You might be asking yourself: Should I book a Seabourn Cruise for gambling? The answer to that is simple. It depends on what you are looking for in a casino cruise... 1) How long do I want to be on the ship? 2) How much time will I spend in the casino? 3) Do I want a Las Vegas on the seas experience? 4) Would I be happy with a few slot machines and occasional table action? 5) Can I afford a Seabourn casino cruise? We'll help you answer those questions and more by sharing some things we know about the Seabourn Difference . Seabourn offers Caribbean cruises as short as seven days. They also offer mid-length ventures and journeys up to 100 days. Shore excursions are available on some cruises. The casinos onboard the ships are all on Deck 5 near the aft deck. They are small by most land casino standards with less than two dozen slots and video poker machines and 3 or 4 gaming tables. The gaming areas are located fore of The Club and near the Club Bar. Men and women's restrooms are adjacent to the gaming areas. The gaming areas are well appointed and well kept. They simply aren't large enough to provide a Las Vegas-style experience when you aren't actually gambling. Table games include Blackjack , Roulette , and Poker . Seabourn is a luxury cruise liner... Expect to pay top price for your cruise Formal nights are optional so you could save on wardrobe costs Prices are all-inclusive so your drinks are paid for Gourmands will especially appreciate Restaurant 2 Now that you know more about gambling at sea with Seabourn, you can sign up for special offers or explore the video gallery and choose a destination in the Caribbean, Mediterranian, Asia, or plan a Transatlantic cruise ! Expect to meet others onboard who are: Older, financially secure, well-dressed. Silversea Cruises is a mid-level luxury cruise line established in 1994 by the Lefebvre family of Rome, Italy. The company is headquartered in Monaco and owned in the majority (67%) by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd . The company's current fleet comprises nine vessels. The largest and newest ship is Silver Muse at 40,700 gross tons and capacity for nearly 600 passengers. Six of the ships are over sixteen tons and three are clippers in the company's Expedition fleet. Seafaring gamblers will find casinos aboard: Silver Cloud Silver Wind Silver Shadow Silver Whisper Silver Spirit (Refurbished/expanded March 2018) Silver Muse (Launched 2017) There are no gaming facilities on the smaller expedition class ships. You might be wondering... What are the best cruises for gambling? Really, any cruise anywhere in the world under 7 days is best. Why? The longer cruises tend to attract older vacationers who go to bed early. If you like the casino all to yourself, a longer cruise may be best. All of the ships with gaming offer Blackjack, Roulette, and slots. The two newer and larger ships have roomier, more opulent casino gaming areas with plenty of action. The smallest casino is on Silversea Wind with nine gaming machines and four tables. You can click the following link to view the casino aboard Silver Shadow . True luxury at mid-class prices: All inclusive pricing makes a Silverseas cruise an easy decision. You'll find most of your cruise mates are couples and the younger more upwardly mobile families have opted for a Carnival or Royal Caribbean cruise. Enjoy: All-Inclusive experience (gratuities included in fare) Fine dining (diverse cuisine, open seating, 24 hours) Private veranda (855 of suites) Very personalized service (Butler service in every suite) Champagne, wine, and spirits (anywhere on the ship including in-suite) Entertainment Complimentary transportation (in most port towns) Spa and fitness facilities If I run out of cash can I get an advance for the casino or shore excursions? Cash advances are limited to $1,000 per voyage per suite. Onboard cash advance services incur a 2% fee. Onboard credit cannot be used in the casino. Can I gamble online? Silversea offers unlimited free Wi-Fi. There are no known restrictions on personal usage. Your suite status will determine a premium or standard Wi-Fi package. If unsure of local laws, please wait until you are 12 miles out to sea before you gambling online . Where can I find out more? You can check out the individual casino cruises by clicking a link below. Contact information is also available on the profile pages. You can also visit SILVERSEA to find exclusive offers, request a quote or brochure, or book your cruise vacation now! Victory Casino Cruises has been running out of Port Canaveral, Florida since 2011. If you are looking for a 'cruise to nowhere' this might be your best bet. The Victory I first set sail in 1972 and was refurbished before Victory launched their casino cruise. If you've ever been on a gambling ship, as opposed to a luxury cruise liner with a casino... You might ask: "I thought gambling was a monopoly in Florida. How do they do it?" Yes, most of the slots and table games are in the Seminole Tribe's Hard Rock casinos . You can find poker and a few other games like poker at Florida racetracks and jai alai frontons. Once the ship enters international waters, Florida gambling laws no longer apply. The 3-mile journey usually takes about 30 minutes - then the games are on! #1 Florida Casino Cruise? Judging by the reviews on TripAdvisor , most people are extremely satisfied with their Victory Casino Cruise experiences. Those who weren't might not have known what to expect. This is a gambling ship You'll be out to sea for 5-6 hours People smoke outside, so you might smell it You might say: "Okay, I get it. But what about the casino... is it a real casino?" Oh yeah! It's a real casino alright. There are over 600 slots so there should always be some open. On a busy cruise, they'll open up to 100 gaming tables. That puts it on par with most Downtown Las Vegas properties and quite a few on the Strip. Here's what you can play... Slots Blackjack $5-$500 - dealer stands all 17's - BJ pays 3:2 Craps Roulette EZ Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'em Mississippi Stud Three Card Poker Let It Ride Bingo Only Legal Sportsbook in Florida!!! Read on for more about the boat and what's on it... Four decks are available on the 2,137 GT, 368-foot gambling ship built at the Bellinger Shipyard, Jacksonville FL in 1972. Deck 1 - Sportsbook Lounge, Atlantic Cafe Deck 2 - High-limit slots, Table games Deck 3 - Slots atrium Deck 4 - Big Norm's Club V, Outside deck Dolphin Bar Big Norm's Club V is open 7 days a week. On weekends it turns into more of a nightclub with DJ's, internationally and locally renowned musicians. Where to learn more about Victory Casino Cruise Location Captain's Weather Blog Transportation Windstar Cruises is a luxury cruise line established in 1984. Based in Seattle, Washington the company's fleet comprises 6 yachts with capacities ranging from 148 to 310 guests. The line is owned by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Inc., whose parent company is The Anschutz Corporation. Former owners include Holland America Line . All six ships offer casino gambling . So... Other than offering luxury yachts, what sets Windstar apart? For the answer to that, let's look at the company's flagship vessel, The Wind Star . In service since 1986, the Wind Star features a spa, a Signature shop, library, veranda, watersports platform, whirlpool, pool bar, gourmet restaurant/lounge, a casino, and Windstar's Open Bridge Policy. When the weather is good... The Captain will welcome you to the bridge No reservations needed Shop with the chefs at foreign markets Sample the local fare and help pick out: produce spices herbs local treats Enjoy the next moveable feast onboard! Watersports Platform snorkeling paddle boarding swimming sailing water skiing windsurfing kayaking The Rest of the Fleet Wind Spirit (most popular casino ship) Wind Surf (the largest, formerly Club Med 1) Star Pride (formerly Seabourn Pride) Star Breeze (formerly Seabourn Breeze) Star Legend (formerly Seabourn Legend) Okay, now, some gambling details Age to Play: 21 While we're talking about age... This line is not recommended for families with children except for older teens. Very few organized activities. Sightseeing and adult socializing are key cruise features. Games: Blackjack, roulette, slots , poker The ships have a mix of gaming opportunities. Expect all on larger ships like Wind Surf. Table Minimum : $5 Slots: Multidenominational Onboard Credit: Arrange prior to departure for best success Smoking: Not allowed in the casino - only  in designated smoking areas on outside decks Learn more about what makes Windstar different Learn more about Windstar Policies - Read the FAQ Additional gambling opportunities on a Windstar Cruise If you want to take a shore excursion and include a casino night... Choose a destination or cruise with a layover to Monte Carlo ! Please keep in mind that all casinos in Monaco require men to wear a jacket and tie. Top Destinations: Asia Caribbean Costa Rica/Panama Cana Mediterranean Mexico How do I get there? Visit Windstar Cruises to find a cruise, plan your journey, look for specials, or dream about the yachts ! Seafaring gamblers in the Nordic region, especially the northern parts of the Baltic Sea, have been enjoying the gambling services of Paf on Tallink and Silja line cruises for over three decades. The Åland-based service provider's contract is up for renewal at five year periods with 2023 on the horizon fore or aft. Onboard games include popular slots, bingo, poker, table and card games, lotteries, and sports betting. Departure points for gambling cruises include Stockholm in Sweden along with Helsinki and Turku in Finland. The Baltic Princess sails out of Stockholm twice each day and offers full family entertainment and escape with a well-staffed Siljaland playroom for the kids. It's one of the newest ships on the Baltic and offers no-limit Texas Hold'em tournaments and daily live entertainment. Cruise ferry Galaxy offers 927 cabins over 12 decks, several restaurants and bars, as well as a kids zone. The onboard casino has slots, roulette, and blackjack tables. This vessel is often used for business meetings as the modern 450 conference center attracts the business class as well as weddings and family parties and gatherings. The sauna department is highly rated. The Silja Symphony departs from Stockholm and is an older ship launched in 1991. A favorite of many seeking a break, this is a unique vessel. The heart of the ship features a pedestrian streetwalk down the Promenade with top-tier restaurants, cafes, and a variety of shops on either side. The casino is located in the bow of the ship on Deck 7 where you'll find roulette, poker and slot machines. Silja Serenade Cruise Ship sails out of Helsinki and is perhaps the premier gambling ship in the fleet. There are ten classes of cabins and suites from the special cabins designed to accommodate people with special needs and those who are traveling with a pet or have allergies to the Executive Suite on Deck 11 with 75m2 of luxurious space and featuring its own sauna. Paf has recently upgraded the manual payment system in its casinos on the Tallink & Silja Line, replacing coins with tickets - adding another level of convenience and comfort for adventurers. AS Tallink Grupp services nearly 10 million passengers each year on its 14 consumer vessels. Paf also operates the casino aboard Casino Sunborn in Gibraltar , a 5-star superyacht, and the Paf Casino on Åland with more than 1,500 slot machines and 55 gaming tables in operation. Big M Gaming LLC operates two gambling cruise ships out of Little River, SC in the United States; Big "M" Casino Ship I and Big "M" Casino Ship II . The seaside of Little River is better known as Myrtle Beach. It is situated next to the South/North Carolina border and has been continuously inhabited since the first trading post was established in the 1700's. Big M offers 5-hour gambling cruises with a set-price all you can eat buffet and is very popular in the region. There are no land casinos in the state. The closest terrestrial casino is Harrah's Cherokee nearly 6 hours away in North Carolina. Due to strict gambling laws in the state, the only way to play blackjack or slots legally is to go out to sea. Gaming is only allowed after you are at least 3 miles away from shore but the ships may travel as far as 15 miles out. It takes about 45 minutes to reach international waters. The minimum age to board either ship is 21. Smoking is only allowed on the main deck casino during gaming hours. Both ships also offer smoke-free gaming decks with slot machines. Both ships offer Las Vegas-style gambling. Only Ship I has Texas Hold ’em poker. Both casinos host slots, roulette, craps, Let it Ride, 3-card poker and other specialty games. Both ships are well maintained and kept clean, although we wouldn't go so far as to refer to them as ' luxury yachts ' as the company does, they are nicely appointed and there is plenty of room to move around. The ships are rarely, if ever, out to sea at the same time so if you have a preference (outer deck smoking, prime rib or seafood buffets, etc.), it's always a good idea to call ahead or visit the website for a schedule and current prices. The water can get a bit rough any time of the year and the outings occur every month. Some people will choose to eat on the way out, others on the way back to port, and others may not eat at all. The price of the buffet is not included in boarding fees. The buffet deck is not handicap accessible but staff will gladly bring food to the main deck and set up a comfortable dining space for those who can't reach the restaurant. Sandwiches are available on the top deck throughout the cruise. BUffet prices are reasonable. Beer, wine, and well drinks are about the same price as you'll find in the town of Little River . Carnival Cruise Line offers casino gaming on over two dozen ships departing from the U.S. and other ports from Honolulu, Hawaii, and Miami, to Barcelona, Spain .  While the gaming centers may have different names from vessel to vessel, most are fairly generic capitalizing on formulas the cruise giant has developed over the years. Your Sail & Sign card also doubles as Carnival Players Club card at all of the casinos. The Ocean Players Club covers you on any Carnival Casino cruise, Ibero Cruceros, P&O Cruises, Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, Holland America, Cunard, Seabourn, and Princess Cruises. Carnival ships are family ships, so there's always a safe and healthy place for the kids to play while mom and dad head out for a little Las Vegas-style action during their escape to sea. Most Carnival casinos allow passengers 18 years of age and older to enter and play in the casinos. Common among most of the gaming decks are optional casino tournaments featuring slots, poker, and blackjack . The cost of tournaments change from time to time, ship to ship, and game to game but the payouts for winning on sheer luck can pay for the trip and more. Slots are the biggest draw with games from top developers and providers such as Aruze, Bally, and IGT. The Sphinx 3D™ by IGT gives players all the thrills they would ever expect in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. But if you want a dealer or croupier to get to know you by name you'll have to go to the table. Most of the blackjack tables have low buy-ins but if enough high rollers want a game your Carnival casino host will probably accommodate the request. You're not likely to find single-deck action but there are plenty of variations on the basic theme to keep most players happy including Face-Up 21, Fun 21, and classic blackjack. Most ships offer poker tournaments or at least a table or two for poker players. The electronic PokerPro tables might take some players a couple of minutes to get used to - just cup your hands around the display of face-down cards to see them revealed. If you're a poker junky and on a vessel with  Ocean Medallion technology, you can play 24/7 on your mobile device even if the tables floor tables are closed. Slots , bingo, and roulette are also available on some cruises. Players won't find free drinks coming around every few minutes like they do in Las Vegas, and you'll have to be at least 21 to order a partake, but Carnival offers double the comps for gameplay compared to other cruise lines. This means that your casino points add up to free beer, wine, and cocktails or even non-alcoholic drinks if you prefer. For the not-so-serious gamblers, there are also prize games - some require skill, and all require luck. Win a stack of greenbacks on the Cash Cube or try your hand at picking up pricey electronics and other prizes on a claw machine. Celebrity Cruises offer a single brand of casino experience across the fleet of gaming equipped vessels. Every Celebrity cruise ship except the Expedition has a Fortune Casino onboard. All ships offer blackjack, roulette, poker, craps, and a wide range of slot machines.  For guests on the Celebrity Solstice sailing out of Sydney, and several other cruises, baccarat (punto banco) is also available upon request. Since the casinos don't open for play until the cruise is in international waters, most gambling laws do not apply. Guests only need to be 18 years old to play, except for the Alaska Cruise which requires guests to be 21 or older.  No matter where the ship is, you need to be 21 to drink. Smoking is not allowed in any Fortunes Casino but all ships have designated outdoor smoking areas. Celebrity Cruises belongs to the International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) and adheres to council guidelines on gambling entertainment. All facilities and equipment meet regulatory standards equal to Nevada or other licensed jurisdictions for payback percentages ad internal software; abide by rules of play equal to Nevada, New Jersey or England, and all gambling operations are audited by Celebrity's internal audit department on a regular basis, among other controls. Fortunes Casino partners with MGM, so if you remember to use your player's club card you can earn comps and perks at land-based casinos while you are out at sea! All loyalty tiers can redeem points for free casino play. There are 5 tiers and players in the top 3 tiers receive anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars in free play each time they sail. There are now more than 20 perks and benefits associated with Blue Chip Club membership. Passengers will always find excellent dining and lounge options on Celebrity casino cruises as well as entertainment. Among the best-outfitted vessels for casino gaming players will find about 275 slot machines. Celebrity Millenium sailing out of Hong Kong, Infinity, Summit, and Constellation offer around 190 machines each, about a dozen mixed Las Vegas-style table games, and 1 electronic Pokermate Texas Hold 'Em table. Celebrity Reflection sailing out of Chile and Brazil, Equinox, Eclipse, Silhouette, and  Solstice each have more than a dozen tables with 2 poker tables each and baccarat upon request. All Fortune Casinos offer at least one single-deck blackjack table. Slots start at $0.01, they include reel slots and video bonus games. Video poker machines are included in the slot machines count. People who take the seas to gamble in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe know the Costa Cruises experience, or as the line is called in its native Italy, Costa Crociere. Vessels with onboard casinos include those sailing out of Marina Bay, Singapore ; Tianjin, China; Dubai, UAE; Port Louis, Mauritius; Mumbai, India and Savona, Italy . Starting out with cargo ships in 1854, the company started commercial activities from about 1924 until the first passenger services were begun in 1947 with regular services to South America. The then family-owned company eventually converted their fleet to cruising and became one of the largest operators in Europe before selling to Carnival in the year 2000. The Carnival family of companies now comprises  Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Crociere, Cunard Line, Holland America, Seabourn Cruise Lines, and Windstar Cruises with Costa accounting for about 16% of the parent company's revenue. Costa Cruises brand currently operates six casino ships and 8 vessels without gaming facilities. All sail under the Italian flag in the waters of the Caribbean, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia, and South America. None of the casino spaces are huge by international standards but all are well appointed and offer tables and slots. The Mediterranea , sailing out of Savona in Italy, offers the most slots with over 140 machines, while the Atlantica , departing from Tianjin, China offers the most table games with a count of 21. The table game selection varies by ship but you will usually find blackjack, roulette, and poker, as well as craps on some vessels. All of the vessels offer fine dining, recreation, entertainment, shopping, sport, and wellness facilities including spas. Some of the ships without casino feature 4D Cinema as part of the kids' package of family fun. Some of the amenities found on Costa Cruises Fortuna, sailing out of Port Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates include a theater, library, art gallery, cognac bar and a cigar bar. Dining ranges from casual to fine dining on all vessels with 7-Michelin starred chef's tending to your needs on some. For those who smoke and those who prefer not to be exposed, all cabins and public rooms are smoke-free. There are designated spaces on open decks for smokers and you can smoke on your private cabin balcony - and of course, in the Cigar Bar. e-cigarettes are in your cabin as well. neoClassica and neoRomantica sail out of Mumbai, India and Port Louis, Mauritius respectively and offer a good variety of gaming. Crystal Cruises is an American luxury liner with two casino outfitted ships as of 2018. Formerly owned and operated by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) with Caesars Casinos onboard, the line was sold to Genting Hong Kong in 2015. The casinos were rebranded as Resorts World casinos after Genting's other land-based casino brand. The subsidiary was also renamed to Crystal, Ltd and maintains headquarters in Los Angeles, California, and Miami, Florida. Additional luxury brands in service or under development include Crystal River Cruises, Crystal Yacht Expedition Cruises, Crystal Luxury Air and Crystal AirCruises. Crystal Cruises is currently the only division to offer full-service onboard casino amenities. Both the Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity were scheduled for major makeovers upon acquisition. In October 2017 the Symphony emerged from a multimillion-dollar renovation with luxury suites and penthouses in addition to more standard accommodations. The 50,000-ton vessel formerly accommodated 1,000 passengers but now offers more space and luxury to just 848 guests over eight decks. The new deck configuration for Serenity unveiled in November 2018. The Serenity offers 9 decks including the uppermost Sun Deck with elevator service. In addition to a large social area, vacationers will find paddle tennis courts, a sliding glass roof that can retract and let air as well as light into the Trident area, a weight room, spa, and salon. Like the Symphony, the 4,500 sq ft casino is found on the second level Tiffany Deck. Games offered include Blackjack , Roulette, Slot machines, Bingo, Mini-Baccarat, Texas Hold'em, and Three Card Poker. In addition to open floor casino space and VIP rooms, a luxury showroom and stage is fore - with an atrium, retail outlets, a Hollywood Theater, bistro, photo gallery, nightclub, connoisseur club (smoking lounge), saloon, and dance club with a stage - all aft of the casino. Look for Umi Uma & Sushi Bar on Serenity from November 2018 - Chef Nobu Matsuhisa's only Nobu at sea. All chefs have been personally trained by the master himself. Additional fine dining sees Prego bring the flavors of Italy to the Serenity. Every day dining is also available in the Crystal Dining Room with signature menus focused on two choices - one classic, the other, modern. Crystal Cove is a luxury cognac bar featuring Rémy Martin Louis XIII at the top end as well as wines, liqueurs, tequila, and grappa. The Penthouse Suites at 982 square feet (91.23 sqm) offer verandahs as do some staterooms, Other staterooms feature large picture windows. Elevator service is provided to all decks. The ships' ports of call are Philipsburg, Sint Maarten and the Port of Anchorage in Anchorage, Alaska. Cunard Line has been operated by Carnival since 1998, but the company has a rich and illustrious history dating back to 1839. Starting out with Britain's first transatlantic steamship mail contract, there are now three vessels in operation offering Northern European, Mediterranean, Transatlantic, Caribbean, and World Cruises. The fleet currently consists of the ocean liner Queen Mary 2 , and cruise ships Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria . A 4th vessel is slated for operation n 2022. There is a casino on board each Cunard ship. However, not all cruises offer gambling as the Empire Casinos do not open during voyages without foreign ports of call on the itinerary. Vessels stopping in Dublin, Cobh, St Peters Port and all foreign country ports will sail outside of UK territorial waters (12 miles/45 minutes) and the casinos will be opened while outside of the UKGC's jurisdiction. Queen Mary 2 offers Roulette, Blackjack, Three card poker, and Heads up Texas Hold'em - a house-banked casino game played against the dealer - as well as about 100 slot machines. There are 9 gaming tables in total aboard QM2. As mention, the casino opens about 45 minutes after leaving port. Once out to sea, slots machines are available for play beginning at 10am. Tables are open from 11am until 5pm, and then again from 7:30pm until close. Closing time is at the discretion of the casino manager. Queen Elizabeth offers about 45 slot machines and 5 gaming tables. Available table games include Roulette, Blackjack, Three Card Poker, and Fun 21. Queen Victoria features about 45 slots and the same mix of games spread over 5 tables as are found on Queen Elizabeth. Table limits on all ships vary from $3 - $25 minimums with maximum bets ranging from $100 - $500. Reels slots, video slots, and video poker machines are multi-denominational with 'coin' sizes ranging from a penny to $5. All machines are coinless. Deposits are accepted in notes or via cruise cards. Cashouts are done to your card. Cash and cards are accepted at the tables to purchase chips. A credit card must be registered at the front desk in order to use your cruise card for gambling. "Onboard spending money" is not accepted for chip purchases. Complimentary gaming lessons are available during the day for those who may not be familiar with the rules or practices of certain games. Glory Sea is the first cruise ship launched by Diamond Cruise International Co. The ship is a luxury liner with an ever-changing itinerary that has included short cruises sailing from China's Shanghai port 2016-2017, and a 10-month charter with roundtrip cruises from Sokcho, South Korea which began in November 2017. Some destinations included Japan and Vladivostok , Russia, Vietnam’s Ha Long Bay from China’s “Coconut City,” Haikou, along with Da Nang and Nha Trang, as well as Manila and Boracay in the Philippines. Upon launch, the onboard VIP casino was operated by Century Casinos, Inc. , which also operates casinos aboard ships owned by TUI Cruises, Thomson Cruises, and Windstar Cruises. Immediately prior to its acquisition by Diamond Cruise parent company, Suzhou Taihu International Travel Agency, the vessel was known as Celestyal Odyssey and help a slightly smaller casino on the 6th deck. After the 2016 refurbishment, the Century casino offered 16 table games with a VIP room, and 40 gaming machines. Games offered include blackjack, roulette, 3 Card Poker, Sic Bo, baccarat and video slots. Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines is owned by a Norwegian company, Bonheur and Ganger Rolf, part of the Fred. Olsen Group. Company headquarters are located in Ipswich, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom. The company was started in 1848 by three brothers who embarked on a business of international shipping. Still, a family company, five generations of Olsens have participated in the venture as well as several other sectors from shipbuilding to electronics. There are five ships in the current fleet including the Brabant, Fred Olsens's first river cruise. All of the ships offer gaming opportunities, but the voyages are not usually undertaken with a primary focus on gambling. Each vessel has two gaming tables - one for blackjack and another for roulette. Many experienced passengers report that the tables are not open on every voyage. However, gambling is an advertised service and a croupier will most likely open a table upon request if it is not already in action. Guests will need to be at least 18 years of age to play. Only cash (Pounds Sterling) is accepted at the tables and bets cannot be charged to your room account. The Oceangoing ships are Black Watch ,  Braemar, Boudicca , and Balmoral. Onboard, passengers will find restaurants and fine dining, bars and lounges, relaxation and fitness and plenty of entertainment and fun activities which vary from sailing to sailing. Be sure to ask about the Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs), a great way to explore! The Genting Hongkong is a Corosration who owns and operate one of the leading global leisure, entertainment and other businesses. One of the major businesses of Genting Hongkong are Resorts World Manila whom opened last August 29, 2009 together with three big luxurious Hotels such us Maxims Hotel, Remington Hotel and Mariott Hotel . Another Property of Genting are Star Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Line whos offering cruise shipping to over 200 destinations all over the world and with 39,000 lower berths approximately. Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. operates the Emerald Princess Casino out of Brunswick, Georgia in the United States. The departure and return location is about halfway between Savannah, GA, and Jacksonville, FL. Out to sea, are St. Simons Island, Sea Island, Jekyll Island, Little St. Simons Island. The ship is rather small at 200 feet so passengers who have issues with motion sickness may want to use an appropriate medication or another method to deal with it. Two of the ship's four decks are devoted to gambling. Smoking is allowed on both levels but never on the third level Bistro Deck. The fourth deck is an open-air observation deck. Guests must be 18 or older to board and gamble and must be at least 21 years of age to drink alcohol. Gambling opportunities are few and far between for many people in the state, so the cruise operator is highly appreciated by most. Holland America Line was founded in the late 1800s as the Netherlands-America Steamship Company. The company's first vacation cruise was offered in 1895. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA, since 1989, it is now part of Carnival Corporation . The line currently comprises about 15 ships, all with casinos onboard. One of the company's greatest legacies is their part in helping to settle America by transporting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to the New World. The fleet consists of mid-sized ships with the smallest, an 'elegant explorer', the Prinsendam slated for retirement in 2019 and new vessels being commissioned in the Pinnacle Class like the MS Koningsdam, Nieuw Statendam , and Nieuw Ryndam with 12 decks and passenger complements of 2,650. Nieuw Ryndam is expected to be brought into service before the end of 2021. Casino hours vary from ship to ship. The minimum gambling age in international waters is 18 with the exception of Alaska Cruises where guests must be 21 or older. Blackjack, roulette, three card poker, and slots are found on most ships. Craps are available on some ships. The casinos are all well arranged and well maintained. Roulette can be found with $1 minimums in some cases, otherwise, most table games start at $5. Slots denominations range from a penny to $5 machines, Be sure to check the video poker paytables before getting too carried away. Depending on the cruise, bingo prizes can range from $2,000 to $100,000. All feature slots and blackjack tournaments. Whether you are sailing out of a US eastern or western port, Kowloon , Saint George's or Sydney , HAL offers a great gaming experience along with a stately cruise full of entertainment possibilities. Restaurants and fine dining, nightly entertainment, bars and lounges, diverse onboard activities like cooking workshops, wine tasting, and BBC Earth Experiences on board are just the tip of the mountain of fun that awaits on a Holland America Line cruise anywhere in the world. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD. was first known as Norwegian Caribbean Line when launched in 1966. Through a series of mergers, decouplings, acquisitions and investments the NYSE-listed company based in Florida is now owned in the minority by private equity companies as well as Genting Group which holds an 11.1% stake. The NCL holding company also owns Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises through a 2014 acquisition of parent company, Prestige Cruises International, Inc. Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL) offers informal casino cruises with no structured time for meals and some other activities and no need to dress formally at mealtime. For family travelers, Norwegian Escape, Breakaway, Getaway, and Epic offer the most 'kid friendly' cruises. All 15 of the ships, including Pride of America, the only US-flagged vessel in the fleet, offer gambling once the ships leave territorial waters. Game variety varies from ship to ship but a sampling of available games includes slots, blackjack and 21 variants, craps, roulette, three card poker, let it ride, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, baccarat, Pai Gow poker, and Texas Hold'em poker. Some of the blackjack variants include a Lucky Ladies side bet with a $5,000 jackpot. Lucky Ladies is available on all ships. All ships except Epic, Breakaway, and Getaway offer a Wheel of Madness side bet on the game. The optional bet can range from $1 to $10. When a player with a stake on the wheel is dealt a natural Blackjack they'll get a spin on the wheel to determine their side bet multiplier. The top prize is $5,000. For those who enjoy sailing on small city-size ships, Norwegian has added a third vessel to its Breakaway-Plus series with the launch of the 168,028-ton, 1,082-foot-long,  20-deck, 4,004 passenger Norwegian Bliss in 2018. She joins Escape and Joy in the class. Those ships launched in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cruise line is very popular and consistently adds to its fleet. There are 7 new additions to the fleet slated for release between 2019 and 2027. The five most recent debuts include Norwegian Bliss (2018), Joy (2017) Escape (2015), Getaway (2014), and Breakaway (2013). So far, Norwegian Bliss is the most innovative casino ship in the fleet with over 300 pokies (slots and video poker) and 25 gaming tables. Across the fleet, poker players register well ahead of time for the Norwegian Cruise Line Poker Challenge (NCLPC). The field is expected to surpass 400 participants soon. Oceania Cruises launched their first ship in 2002 and currently has a fleet of six ships. All of them offer gambling facilities. Founded by a team of cruise industry veterans, the company was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD in 2014 along with a sister company, Regent Seven Seas Cruises . Norwegian (NCL) is headquartered in Florida. All of Oceania's vessels fly the flag of the Marshall Islands. There are 4 ships in the Regatta class, all were built in 1998, 1999, or 2000. The MS Regatta was launched in 2003 and last refurbished in 2014. The most recent launch in the class was the 30,277 ton, 343 cabin, MS Sirena . The former Ocean Princess underwent a $40 million refurbishment in France and launched in 2016. Two brand new Oceania class ships were commissioned from Italian builder Fincantieri and are the first two new builds for the company. MS Marina , at 66,084 tons can hold 1,250 passengers and 580 of the 625 suites and cabins have private verandas. Marina launched in 2011. Her sister ship, which launched in 2012, is the MS Riviera . Two-week-long cruises are the norm for Oceania but they are most well known for much longer tours such as "Around the World in 180 Days" voyages and others lasting up to 195 days. The 6-month world cruises began in 2015. Bookings for the 180-Day World Cruises are taken up to two years in advance. The casinos are rather small in relation to the overall ship size on some vessels, mainly due to the extended times at sea. However, they are also a favorite attraction of many oceanfarers. The gambling spaces are well designed and stylish and offer table limits for all levels of players. The gaming machines include reel and video slots and video poker machines. Key card wagering makes the slots cashless. Casino credit is available to qualified guests and should be arranged one-month prior to departure. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check is required when you board the vessel in order to activate a credit line. All gaming is in USD and Euros can be exchanged on board. All play is tracked and rewarded through the Casinos at Sea rewards program which has 5 tiers. Points can be transfered from ship to ship and slot players can redeem rewards at any time onscreen while playing any game. P&O Cruises is the oldest cruise line in the world. The original company was founded in 1837 and the first passenger cruises from Southampton were offered in 1844. A series of de-mergers and mergers beginning in 2000 culminated in a merger with Carnival Corporation in 2003. The company operates seven cruise ships including Britannia which launched in early 2015. Two more large vessels are planned for launch in 2020 and 2020. All ships offer casino gaming once entering international waters. Table games, slot machines, bingo, scratch cards, and video horse racing are all offered. Roulette, blackjack, and three card poker are offered on all ships. Three of the casinos also offer Fun 21. If you don't see the game when aboard the Arcadia and there is an empty blackjack table, ask your host to flip the table as the Fun 21 felt is just underneath. Purchase your chips from the dealer with cash or your cruise card. All winnings are cashed out onto your cruise card. Slot machines all operate on a coinless system. To play, simply insert your cruise card or cash notes. Bingo offers five cash prizes each full day out to sea. There's also a jackpot that grows with nearly every game and must be won by the conclusion of the cruise. Scratch cards have prizes up to £20,000 and can be purchased at the casino desk. Video horse racing is presented on big screens. Arcadia features 4 tables and a variety of slots on the F deck. Aurora's casino is located on the Prom deck and features 4 tables and slots. Head to the F deck on Azura to find five tables offering three card poker, blackjack, roulette x2, and Fun 21. The casino on Britannia is deck 6 with 2 tables each offering blackjack, roulette, and three card poker. Oceana has five tables on D deck - Oriana offers 23 tables on the Prom deck, and there are five tables on F deck of Ventura. On sea days slots are open on all ships from 10 am until late with tables opening at noon. On port days, gaming doesn't start until the ship reaches international waters, which usually takes about 45 minutes. Opening times can vary by jurisdiction, but the demarcation point is usually 12 miles outside of port limits. Be sure to cash in your chips before leaving the ship. If you happen to forget, you can bring them along for your next voyage but may meet delays while the chips are authenticated. Princess Cruises launched their first Mexican Riviera cruise in 1965 but didn't become a household name known to people who vacation at sea until about a decade later when the company was acquired by P&O, who at the time was the world's largest oceanic shipper with more 300 vessels in operation. Baby boomers may recall Island Princess and Pacific Princess as the ships featured in the 1970s television series, The Love Boat. P&O spun off its passenger division in 2000, and it merged with Carnival in 2003. The combined company then featured 11 different brands of cruise ship companies. Princess, Carnival, and Holland America stopped requisitioning new ships during the 2008 economic downturn but added three new 3,600 passenger ships beginning with Royal Princess in 2013 and Regal Princess which entered service in 2014. A third Fincantieri-built ship, Majestic Princess launched in 2017. The entire current fleet flies the flag of Bermuda except for Royal, Majestic, Golden, Diamond, and Sapphire Princess which ships call the UK home. Three additional Bermuda-flagged Royal Class vessels are slated for launch in 2019, 2020, and 2022. Departure points for Princess Cruises include Vancouver, Canada , Brisbane, Rozelle, and Melbourne in Australia; Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and San Francisco in the US, as well as Marina Bay, Singapore ; Rome, Italy, and Piraeus in Greece. USA Today has awarded Princess the accolade of "Best cruise lines for Gamblers" and slots fans are frequently offered high return tournaments like the $200,000 Monopoly Cruise for Cash tournament. There are tournaments on every cruise so blackjack players and slots spinners have a chance to compete against their shipmates for cash prizes. Games vary from ship to ship but most voyagers will find traditional, video, and progressive jackpot slot machines as well as video poker. Table games can include heads-up Texas Hold ‘Em poker, and casino games like Caribbean Stud Poker, Three Card Poker and Let it Ride. Blackjack, dice, roulette, and other table games are available on most ships and you can even play bingo with ticket packages ranging from $10 to $30. A fairly new "class" of ships was introduced in 2017, known as the Ocean Medallion Class. These are 'the internet of things' ships with omnichannel connectivity to guests accounts from a medallion wristband. On ships appointed with the amenity, guests have access to the PlayOcean Casino and PlayOcean Everywhere so they can play real money games anywhere on the ship. Regent Seven Seas Cruises [(RSSC) formerly Radisson SSC] was founded in 1990. It is a luxury cruise line company offering an all-inclusive experience. Regent was a sister company of Oceania Cruises . The parent company, Prestige Cruise Holdings was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Lines in 2014. Regent Seven Seas Cruises' current fleet comprises 4 ships ranging from 28,550 gross tons to 54,000 GT. The largest ship to date is Seven Seas Explorer built in 2016 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri of Sestri Ponente, Genova.  Fincantieri has also been commissioned to delivers the 55k GT Seven Seas Splendor in early 2020. All vessels are currently Bahamian-flagged. The fleet's casino ships sail out of Sydney, Australia; the Port of Miami in the US, and Kavala, Greece. In early 2017 the parent company announced that a new Port of Miami terminal was under development for completion prior to 2020. All of the casinos in the fleet share in the Norwegian Cruise Lines Casinos At Sea rewards program. The rewards program has five tiers with the top three sharing a host of benefits including cruise suite discounts and convenience fee waivers. First-tier and all other players will enjoy promotional offers, pint redemtions for free play, and the ability t transfer points from ship to ship. Second tier members also receive special birthday offers. Point redemption for free play is easy. Slots and video poker players can cash in right at the machine they are playing at any time or do as table players do and redeem points at the casino cage. Casino credit is available to all players with an existing reservation. Please make arrangements at least 30 days in advance of your voyage. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check will be required on board to activate the line. The Casino on Seven Seas Mariner sailing out of Greece is located on Deck 7. The gaming facilities are open daily when territorial border limits do not restrict operations.  Blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and slot machines are available for play. Adult Entertainment beyond the casino floor includes a show lounge in the style of a Parisian cabaret with musical productions staged by experienced Broadway pros. The Connoisseur Club is a special hideaway where fine cognac and imported cigars are enjoyed by shipmates engaging in friendly conversation while they enjoy the finer things in life. Royal Caribbean International is a Miami-based cruise line brand owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. The company was founded in Norway in 1968 and has over 20 ships in operation as well as a future fleet that will bring that number to 30. You might be wondering: "How many of the oceangoing vessels have casinos?" Good news for seafaring gamblers! Royal Caribbean has outfitted their entire current fleet with onboard casinos! Some are a little bigger than others, and some have more game variety, but they all have lots of slots and plenty of table game action. Sailing out of England? Consider booking the Navigator of the Seas ; From Barcelona, Vision; Shanghai? Quantum of the Seas ; Hong Kong, Voyager. Most of the other cruises depart from the U.S . and Puerto Rico . All of the casinos offer thousands of square feet of Vegas-style action under the lights with video slots, video poker, table games, and tournaments. Some of the table games you can expect to find on your Royal Caribbean cruise are: Single Deck Blackjack Roulette Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'Em Let It Ride Three Card Poker Blackjack with Side Bets like Lucky Ladies Walking up to a high stakes blackjack table and sitting down with a stack of chips in front of you can seem intimidating to casual players and those who may need to brush up a little on their game. Royal Caribbean has you covered! During the day, your hosts will be glad to teach you the ins and outs of any game from roulette to baccarat. Once you get your "sea legs" for the game you can join a tournament where everyone has a chance to progress to the grand finale without risking stacks of your hard earned cash along the way. If you want to win big prizes with more help from Lady Luck than your own gambling experience, try a Slot Tournament. Simply go to the Casino Cash Desk when the casino is open to enroll in a qualifying tournament. Even Beginner's Luck can help you grab a chunk of the $50,000 prize pool! This might seem crazy: Poker players can qualify for the Royal Poker Tournament throughout the year. Winners are eligible for entry into the finals with a chance to win part of the $100,000 Royal Poker Prize Pool! Don't forget, you may be eligible for a free cruise vacation for two along the way. What Else Can I Look Forward To? Visit the Royal Caribbean Casino Cruise Experience to learn more about... Casino Promotions Club Royal Events Casino Rewards Program Casino Credit Win/Loss Statements Wire Transfer Instructions If you have questions now you can contact the Casino Call Center at (888) 561-2234. Seabourn Cruise Line offers casino gaming on all five of its luxury liner cruise ships. The company was founded in 1986 in Norway. Carnival Corp began purchasing shares in 1991 and completed ownership in 2001. The company moved its Miami headquarters to Seattle, Washington in 2011 to join Holland America Line . With home ports in the U.S., Argentina, and Singapore the company's five luxury casino cruise ships are... Seabourn Ovation Seabourn Encore Seabourn Quest Seabourn Odyssey Seabourn Sojourn You might be asking yourself: Should I book a Seabourn Cruise for gambling? The answer to that is simple. It depends on what you are looking for in a casino cruise... 1) How long do I want to be on the ship? 2) How much time will I spend in the casino? 3) Do I want a Las Vegas on the seas experience? 4) Would I be happy with a few slot machines and occasional table action? 5) Can I afford a Seabourn casino cruise? We'll help you answer those questions and more by sharing some things we know about the Seabourn Difference . Seabourn offers Caribbean cruises as short as seven days. They also offer mid-length ventures and journeys up to 100 days. Shore excursions are available on some cruises. The casinos onboard the ships are all on Deck 5 near the aft deck. They are small by most land casino standards with less than two dozen slots and video poker machines and 3 or 4 gaming tables. The gaming areas are located fore of The Club and near the Club Bar. Men and women's restrooms are adjacent to the gaming areas. The gaming areas are well appointed and well kept. They simply aren't large enough to provide a Las Vegas-style experience when you aren't actually gambling. Table games include Blackjack , Roulette , and Poker . Seabourn is a luxury cruise liner... Expect to pay top price for your cruise Formal nights are optional so you could save on wardrobe costs Prices are all-inclusive so your drinks are paid for Gourmands will especially appreciate Restaurant 2 Now that you know more about gambling at sea with Seabourn, you can sign up for special offers or explore the video gallery and choose a destination in the Caribbean, Mediterranian, Asia, or plan a Transatlantic cruise ! Expect to meet others onboard who are: Older, financially secure, well-dressed. Silversea Cruises is a mid-level luxury cruise line established in 1994 by the Lefebvre family of Rome, Italy. The company is headquartered in Monaco and owned in the majority (67%) by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd . The company's current fleet comprises nine vessels. The largest and newest ship is Silver Muse at 40,700 gross tons and capacity for nearly 600 passengers. Six of the ships are over sixteen tons and three are clippers in the company's Expedition fleet. Seafaring gamblers will find casinos aboard: Silver Cloud Silver Wind Silver Shadow Silver Whisper Silver Spirit (Refurbished/expanded March 2018) Silver Muse (Launched 2017) There are no gaming facilities on the smaller expedition class ships. You might be wondering... What are the best cruises for gambling? Really, any cruise anywhere in the world under 7 days is best. Why? The longer cruises tend to attract older vacationers who go to bed early. If you like the casino all to yourself, a longer cruise may be best. All of the ships with gaming offer Blackjack, Roulette, and slots. The two newer and larger ships have roomier, more opulent casino gaming areas with plenty of action. The smallest casino is on Silversea Wind with nine gaming machines and four tables. You can click the following link to view the casino aboard Silver Shadow . True luxury at mid-class prices: All inclusive pricing makes a Silverseas cruise an easy decision. You'll find most of your cruise mates are couples and the younger more upwardly mobile families have opted for a Carnival or Royal Caribbean cruise. Enjoy: All-Inclusive experience (gratuities included in fare) Fine dining (diverse cuisine, open seating, 24 hours) Private veranda (855 of suites) Very personalized service (Butler service in every suite) Champagne, wine, and spirits (anywhere on the ship including in-suite) Entertainment Complimentary transportation (in most port towns) Spa and fitness facilities If I run out of cash can I get an advance for the casino or shore excursions? Cash advances are limited to $1,000 per voyage per suite. Onboard cash advance services incur a 2% fee. Onboard credit cannot be used in the casino. Can I gamble online? Silversea offers unlimited free Wi-Fi. There are no known restrictions on personal usage. Your suite status will determine a premium or standard Wi-Fi package. If unsure of local laws, please wait until you are 12 miles out to sea before you gambling online . Where can I find out more? You can check out the individual casino cruises by clicking a link below. Contact information is also available on the profile pages. You can also visit SILVERSEA to find exclusive offers, request a quote or brochure, or book your cruise vacation now! Victory Casino Cruises has been running out of Port Canaveral, Florida since 2011. If you are looking for a 'cruise to nowhere' this might be your best bet. The Victory I first set sail in 1972 and was refurbished before Victory launched their casino cruise. If you've ever been on a gambling ship, as opposed to a luxury cruise liner with a casino... You might ask: "I thought gambling was a monopoly in Florida. How do they do it?" Yes, most of the slots and table games are in the Seminole Tribe's Hard Rock casinos . You can find poker and a few other games like poker at Florida racetracks and jai alai frontons. Once the ship enters international waters, Florida gambling laws no longer apply. The 3-mile journey usually takes about 30 minutes - then the games are on! #1 Florida Casino Cruise? Judging by the reviews on TripAdvisor , most people are extremely satisfied with their Victory Casino Cruise experiences. Those who weren't might not have known what to expect. This is a gambling ship You'll be out to sea for 5-6 hours People smoke outside, so you might smell it You might say: "Okay, I get it. But what about the casino... is it a real casino?" Oh yeah! It's a real casino alright. There are over 600 slots so there should always be some open. On a busy cruise, they'll open up to 100 gaming tables. That puts it on par with most Downtown Las Vegas properties and quite a few on the Strip. Here's what you can play... Slots Blackjack $5-$500 - dealer stands all 17's - BJ pays 3:2 Craps Roulette EZ Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'em Mississippi Stud Three Card Poker Let It Ride Bingo Only Legal Sportsbook in Florida!!! Read on for more about the boat and what's on it... Four decks are available on the 2,137 GT, 368-foot gambling ship built at the Bellinger Shipyard, Jacksonville FL in 1972. Deck 1 - Sportsbook Lounge, Atlantic Cafe Deck 2 - High-limit slots, Table games Deck 3 - Slots atrium Deck 4 - Big Norm's Club V, Outside deck Dolphin Bar Big Norm's Club V is open 7 days a week. On weekends it turns into more of a nightclub with DJ's, internationally and locally renowned musicians. Where to learn more about Victory Casino Cruise Location Captain's Weather Blog Transportation Windstar Cruises is a luxury cruise line established in 1984. Based in Seattle, Washington the company's fleet comprises 6 yachts with capacities ranging from 148 to 310 guests. The line is owned by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Inc., whose parent company is The Anschutz Corporation. Former owners include Holland America Line . All six ships offer casino gambling . So... Other than offering luxury yachts, what sets Windstar apart? For the answer to that, let's look at the company's flagship vessel, The Wind Star . In service since 1986, the Wind Star features a spa, a Signature shop, library, veranda, watersports platform, whirlpool, pool bar, gourmet restaurant/lounge, a casino, and Windstar's Open Bridge Policy. When the weather is good... The Captain will welcome you to the bridge No reservations needed Shop with the chefs at foreign markets Sample the local fare and help pick out: produce spices herbs local treats Enjoy the next moveable feast onboard! Watersports Platform snorkeling paddle boarding swimming sailing water skiing windsurfing kayaking The Rest of the Fleet Wind Spirit (most popular casino ship) Wind Surf (the largest, formerly Club Med 1) Star Pride (formerly Seabourn Pride) Star Breeze (formerly Seabourn Breeze) Star Legend (formerly Seabourn Legend) Okay, now, some gambling details Age to Play: 21 While we're talking about age... This line is not recommended for families with children except for older teens. Very few organized activities. Sightseeing and adult socializing are key cruise features. Games: Blackjack, roulette, slots , poker The ships have a mix of gaming opportunities. Expect all on larger ships like Wind Surf. Table Minimum : $5 Slots: Multidenominational Onboard Credit: Arrange prior to departure for best success Smoking: Not allowed in the casino - only  in designated smoking areas on outside decks Learn more about what makes Windstar different Learn more about Windstar Policies - Read the FAQ Additional gambling opportunities on a Windstar Cruise If you want to take a shore excursion and include a casino night... Choose a destination or cruise with a layover to Monte Carlo ! Please keep in mind that all casinos in Monaco require men to wear a jacket and tie. Top Destinations: Asia Caribbean Costa Rica/Panama Cana Mediterranean Mexico How do I get there? Visit Windstar Cruises to find a cruise, plan your journey, look for specials, or dream about the yachts ! Casinos Bangladesh is located on the Bay of Bengal in the southern part of Central Asia, just to the east of India. As a predominantly Muslim country, visitors will not find any licensed casinos there. Games of chance and "common gaming-houses" were outlawed by the Public Gambling Act of 1867. Charitable lotteries and in-person betting on horse races are legal in Bangladesh . Bhutan is a landlocked Asian country situated in the Himalayas east of Nepal, between the Indian states of Sikkim and Assam, and China. All forms of gambling are illegal in Bhutan except for the state lottery. The original lottery ran from 1987 until it was shut down in 2011 due to alleged irregularities. It began operations again after a change in government in 2013. Bhutan is the only country outside of India that is allowed to sell lottery tickets in the world's most populated democratic country. The British Indian Ocean Territory is located about 400 miles below the equator between the coast of East Africa and Malaysia in the Indian Ocean. The territory comprises about 1,000 islands and islets in the archipelago with a combined land area of less than 24 square miles. Control of the Chagos Islands archipelago has been under dispute by Mauritius since the U.K. claimed it as a British overseas territory in 1965. All native residents were expelled from the archipelago before 1973. It is now occupied by about 2,500 U.S. and UK contractors and military personnel. There are no casinos nearby. Brunei is a very small nation with two non-contiguous parts located on the giant island of Borneo. It is almost surrounded by the Malaysian state of Sarawak. Each district also has a coastline along the South China Sea. Gambling is illegal in this predominantly Muslim country that gained independence from the United Kingdom in 1984. The sultanate is planning to diversify tourism opportunities to include adventure tourism, ecotourism, and Islamic tourism. Cambodia allows foreigners to gamble there, but citizens are not allowed. Thailand and Vietnam account for most of the traffic at border casinos on strips or scattered along the border at crossings. The largest casino in the country is Nagaworld Casino in Phnom Penh and visitors from all over Asia make up the footfall there. The major border towns hold several casinos with Bavet boasting 11 and Poipet (Paôy Pêt) 8. Coastal Sihanoukville also has 11 casinos. Koh Kong Resort is a favorite of some travelers and a stopping off station on the way to Sihanoukville for many Thais. Once in Sihanoukville, Queenco offers a modern casino experience with a hotel and beach access. The Las Vegas Sun Casino & Hotel in Bavet sees a lot of traffic as does the Titan King Resort & Casino. Star Vegas International Resort & Casino in Paôy Pêt has more slots and tables than NagaWorld and is the closest casino to Bangkok which is home to over 10% of Thailand's population. To learn more about gambling or read reviews on more than 45 Cambodian Casinos see our gambling guide here . Outside of the Special Administrative Regions Hong Kong and Macau, the only two legal forms of gambling in China are the Sports Lottery and the Welfare Lottery. The government and contractors cash in handsomely on the only legal gambling products in the country of over 1.3 billion people. Monthly sales rarely fall below 16 billion Yuan (~US$24b) for the sports lottery. Tickets are available online and at hundreds of thousands of vendors across the country. Chinese citizens travel to Las Vegas, Macau, or other Asian gaming centers to gamble in casino and shop. The cruise ship industry is also booming with Chinese customers and many of the cruise lines offer onboard casinos. To read comprehensive coverage of gambling in Macau please see our gambling guide . Hong Kong is a Special Administrative Region (SAR) of China operating under the 'One Country, Two Systems' principle, much like its sister SAR, Macau does. However, casino gambling is not allowed in Hong Kong. The government has granted the Hong Kong Jockey Club a monopoly on horse races, football matches, and lotteries. Cruise ships with casinos do make Hong Kong a port of call, and Macau is only minutes away by fast ferry. The two race courses in Hong Kong enjoy good crowds and other betting opportunities such as sports betting. Happy Valley Racecourse opened in 1845 and holds 55,000 race fans. Sha Tin Racecourse is now home to the Hong Kong Jockey Club and holds 85,000 people. The racecourse opened in 1975. Find out more about betting in Hong Kong in our gambling guide . Indonesia is a nation in Southeast Asian situated in the Indian Ocean between the southern tip of the Asian land mass and the continent of Australia. Indonesia comprises more than 17,000 volcanic islands. It is home to literally hundreds of unique ethnic groups and more than 260 million people, about 85% of them Muslim. Visitors to Jakarta or any other Indonesian city will not find any licensed casinos or other regulated gambling activities. Gambling is popular, however, and illegal dens and parlors are common, as are illegal bookmakers. Indonesia cooperates with Malaysia's Special Task Force for Anti-Vice, Gambling and Gangsterism (STAGG) and other regional anti-gambling enforcement initiatives. Japan passed an integrated casino resort law in late 2016 which will allow major operators to establish casino resorts in the country with an affluent population of over 127 million people. There are currently well over 12,000 pachinko parlors in operation, but the game is not considered gambling under the criminal code. A special carve out was made for games of historical and cultural importance like pachinko and Mahjong. Pachinko games resemble a cross between pinball and a slot machine. Players exchange pachinko balls for prizes. The Japanese are able to bet on public sports, such as horse and car races. They are also permitted to play lottery games. By law, lottery prize pools cannot exceed 50% of sales. To learn more about gambling in Japan see our gambling guide here . Laos is a Southeast Asian country surrounded by China, Vietnam, and Thailand. It forms part of the 'Golden Triangle' along with Myanmar and Thailand. The country has 3 known casinos, all on the border with Thailand, and one of them squarely in the Golden Triangle. Kings Romans Casino is located next to the Mekong River near the border with Myanmar in the Bokea Special Economic Zone. Near the middle of the country's border with Thailand is the capital city of Vientiane. Here you'll find the Dansavanh Nam Ngum Resort Casino on the banks of Dansavanh Lake with 60 tables and 150 gaming machines. The southernmost casino in Laos is the Savan Legend Hotel & Casino in Savannakhet. The casino floor here covers 5,000sqm and features VIP parlors and executive lounges for big spenders. The casino is open 24 hours a day. Please visit our Laos gambling guide to learn more about gambling and casino practices. Macau is the world leader regarding gross gaming revenue and is also home to the world's largest casino, The Venetian Macao . The gaming floor covers over half a million square feet. Macau is the only place in China where it is legal to gamble in a casino. There are nearly 50 casinos, many of them part of massively integrated resorts. Casinos are found in Macau proper, Taipa, and Cotai. Some of the newest properties include Parisian Macao , Wynn Palace Cotai , Studio City Macau , and Broadway , part of Galaxy Phase II with at least five more casinos on the slate. Locals need to be 21 to gamble in Macau, but visitors only need to be 18. Smoking is prohibited or restricted to special areas, and alcohol is not served freely in the casinos, but bars and lounges are available. The newer casino properties place emphasis on a resort experience rather than simply gambling, as ordered by the government. To read the most comprehensive guide to gambling in Macau, full of facts, figures, and in-depth casino reviews click here . Malaysia offers a single integrated casino resort and three horse racing tracks - one one each in Ipoh, Kuala Lumpur, and Penang. There is also a casino cruise ship being built there, but it is still unclear if Crusino will sail out of Kuala Lumpur when it takes to port calls. Malaysians must apply for and receive a permit before gambling in a casino in the country. Resorts World Genting or Casino de Genting is located in its own area known as Genting Highlands about 50km from the capital. The last two miles of the trip can be completed on the Genting Skyway, a cable car system that climbs the mountain. Shuttles, taxis, and autos can also drive to the resort. The casino offers over 200,000 sq ft of gaming space and the entire complex is evolving with a new theme park expected to open in 2018. First World Hotel there has 7,351 rooms making it the world's largest hotel. For more details on one of the world's greatest casino resorts, please see our Malaysia gambling guide . The Maldives are located near the equator in the Indian ocean and are considered to be part of Asia. There are less than 200 inhabited islands, 80 occupied solely for the purpose of accepting tourists, and over 900 uninhabited islands among the 26 coral atolls comprising the territory. There are no casinos in the Maldives . Mongolia is a vast sovereign state in East Asia sharing borders with Russia and China. The western tip of the country nearly touches Kazakhstan but is separated by about 23 miles of Russian Chinese border between the two countries. As of late 2017, there were no casinos in Mongolia but the government has been moving forward on plans to introduce casino resorts there after more than twenty years of occasional discussions. Casino legislation received positive attention in 2012 and again in 2017 as Mongolia looks for ways to tap the lucrative Asian gaming market. Myanmar (formerly Burma) is a Southeast Asian nation bordering India, Bangladesh, China, Laos, and Thailand. The country finalized The Gambling Act in 2014 which authorized foreigner-only casinos as part of a new plan for tourism after a significant change in government. One of the most recently opened casinos in Myanmar is in the Myawaddy Complex . All of the country's casinos are located on or near the border with Thailand. The northernmost casinos are located in Tachilek at the Regina Golf Resort Allure resort near the border. Myawaddy is located about halfway between Chiang Mai and Pulo with two casinos located on Treasure Island near the southern tip of Myanmar. Andaman Casino and Victoria Entertainment Resort ( Treasure Island ) originally opened in the 1990's. To learn more about Myanmar and the gambling opportunities there please visit our gambling guide . Nepal is located in the Himalayas and draws considerable casino traffic from India. The casino industry is rebuilding there after a crippling government shutdown in order to secure tax payments and devastating earthquakes in 2015. The capital city of Kathmandu hosts most of the casinos with new enterprises popping up near the Indian border. The first of these to open is Tiger Palace Resort Casino Nepal . Nepalese citizens are not allowed to play in the country’s casinos In Kathmandu, opulent 4 and 5-star hotels host casinos with various themes. Two of the most recent to open there after the calamities are Casino Mahjong at Crowne Plaza Soaltee and in the center of Diplomatic Enclave, Millionaire’s Club and Casino at Shangri La . Other new operations in familiar places include Casino Everest . To follow the development of gambling in Nepal or explore the casinos there please see our gambling guide . North Korea has at least one casino or gambling area inside a hotel in Pyongyang. The Pyongyang Casino at Yanggakdo Hotel does not expose much of itself to the world outside North Korea, as could be expected. The Emperor Hotel and Casino in the exclusive economic zone of Rason has been reported and closed many times. We do not recommend travel to North Korea. See our South Korea gambling guide for more information on the booming casino industry there. The Philippines is home to several large integrated resort casinos and over 50 small to medium size venues in over 30 cities. Gross gaming revenue is consistently within the top ten in the world and is on the rise. The government regulator, PAGCOR owns and operates over half of the casinos in the country but is expected to sell them off and remain as overseer. Entertainment City in Parañaque (Metro Manila) is where the integrated resorts are found. Solaire Resort & Casino was first to open and features 200,000 of gaming with 360 tables and 1620 slots. City of Dreams Manila opened on 15 acres in 2014 with six hotel towers, 365 gaming tables, 1,680 slot machines and 1,680 electronic table games and over .75 million sq ft of retail space. Okada Manila (formerly Manila Bay Resorts) opened in late 2016 and is expected to see $5b invested before completion. West Side City (Resorts World Bayshore) is expected to open in phases with completion by 2020. To learn more about super casinos in the country along with other gambling opportunities see our complete Philippines gambling guide . Singapore is a small island city-state off southern Malaysia with two casinos, a horse track , and state-run lottery. Various cruise ships stop in Singapore and some have small casinos on board. Lotteries have been legally available since 1968, horse racing since 2000, and the two large casinos there opened in 2010. Both casinos are Integrated Resorts with large MICE (Meetings, Incentive, Convention, and Exposition) and entertainment components in addition to casino gaming. Resorts World Sentosa was the first IR to open with the 94,000 sq ft casino taking bets on Feb. 14. 500 gaming tables and 2,400 slots make it one of the top earning casinos in the world. The resort held its full launch at the end of 2012. Marina Bay Sands opened their 160,000 sq ft casino on April 27, 2010, and at complete build-out offers 13 times as much convention space as RWS with 1,300,000 sq ft of MICE. The casino holds 700 gaming tables and 2,500 machines. To read more about the super casinos of Singapore see our gambling guide . South Korea has a highly developing gambling landscape with 17 licensed full casinos and about a dozen other electronic gaming clubs. The location draws gamblers from China, Japan, and beyond. Locals are only currently allowed to play at the remote Kangwon Land Casino so all other casino action comes from foreign passport holders. The country's casinos are spread from Incheon, near Seoul in the north to the southern island of Jeju, with a small cluster in the population center of Busan . Mohegan Sun is working on a $1.2b integrated resort at the Incheon Int'l Airport as part of a consortium. The South Korean government initially meant for casino gambling to only occur on the vacation island of Jeju but soon gave way to other locales with Kangwon Land being the most notable. Near Seoul, Paradise City opened in 2017 with almost 150,000 sq ft of gaming space in an integrated resort. Other large developments are planned. Grand Korea Leisure and Paradise Company are the market leaders after Kangwon Land. To explore all of the casinos of the Republic please visit our South Korea gambling guide . Taiwan is a small island nation about 110 miles off the coast of China. Some parts of Taiwan such as the Kinmen Islands are barely a mile from China's port city of Xiamen. China considers Taiwan a rogue state and part of the People’s Republic of China. In spite of cautions from Beijing, the Taiwanese islands of Penghu, Matsu, and Kinmen held referendums in 2016 and again in 2017 to legalize gambling. The referendum failed, even though the construction and operation of casinos on offshore islands were legalized in 2009. For now, Taiwan will remain a feeder market for Macau , about 500 miles away. Thailand (formerly Siam) covers much of the Indochinese peninsula in Southeast Asia with coasts on the Gulf of Thailand the Andaman Sea. Gambling, except for betting on the state lottery and horse racing is not legal in Thailand but illegal casinos and lotteries are well documented. The Thai people love to gamble and many cross the border to gamble in Cambodia. Several government officials and reform groups are trying to change the law to allow casino development. Major operators such as Las Vegas Sands have expressed interest in expanding into the country if casino gambling ever becomes legal. To read more about horse racing in Bangkok and see breaking news on other gambling in Thailand visit our gambling guide here . Vietnam has over 90 million people and none were allowed to play in the country's casinos until a decree was issued in 2017. The casinos and clubs are spread around the country and all are inside or attached to 5-star hotels. Most of the gaming venues are located in Ho Chi Minh City and Hanoi . The biggest casino in Vietnam is Ho Tram Resort Casino (formerly Grand Ho Tram). Located on the beach in Vung Tàu, it cost about $1 billion so far. The casino features 90 tables and 314 slots. Golf and poker are prominent draws. The $4 billion Nam Hoi An Casino Resort broke ground in 2016 and will join the Ho Tram Resort Casino in Ba Ria Vung Tàu; Phoenix International Club in Bac Ninh; Aristo International Hotel & Casino in Lào Cai; Crown International Club next to the Crowne Plaza in Ðà N?ng; Doson Casino Resort in H?i Phòng City and others. To read more about the history of casinos and other gambling opportunities check out or Vietnam gambling guide . The Aland Islands are located off the coast of Sweden. The majority of people live on Fasta Aland. Although an autonomous region with their own laws, the Aland Islands are sometimes considered to be part of Finland. The Aland Islands is home to the world famous PAF, purveyors of online games to several countries in the Nordic region. There is a PAF casino located inside the Arkipelag Hotel, sometimes known as Hotel Savoy. The hotel offers casino lessons for those who may not be familiar with card and table game rules or strategies. Learn more about gambling in the Aland Islands by reading our gambling guide here . Andorra is a tourist and tax haven located in Western Europe between France and Spain in the eastern Pyrenees mountains. As of July 2017, there are no casinos in the country. However, recent legislation makes development a certain possibility and any casino operating in Andorra's robust economy would be sure to succeed. In March 2017 the Andorra La Vella administration announced that three companies were vying for the right to open a casino there. All proposals were in the 6 million euros range. To stay abreast of news and see the casino industry develop there, please read our Andorra gambling guide . Austria has had casinos since the 1930s and some of the original venues are still in operation offering a mix of the romantic with modern gaming. After Austria had joined the EU the formerly state-owned Casinos Austria was privatized. There are about 20 casinos in the country mostly in and around the major cities of Baden, Bregenz, Graz, Innsbruck, Velden and Vienna. There are also about 10 Concord Card rooms spread throughout the country offering poker. Thousands of betting shops or internet cafes are known as "Kleines Glücksspiel" or "little gambling" are found in almost every village of consequence. Casino Bregenz is one of the largest casinos in Austria and offers traditional games like blackjack, baccarat, and roulette as well as slots and electronic tables. Casino Salzburg is situated in the Baroque Rococo palace of Schloss Klessheim built in 1700. There are about a dozen casinos and high-end betting shops located in and around Innsbruck. Casino Innsbruck offers 5-star accommodations, fine dining, nightlife and plenty of gaming options. Austria offers world class gaming. To learn more please visit our gambling guide . Some European countries have less of an appetite for gambling than their neighbors. Belguim has only nine casinos but Casino de Spa is one of the oldest casinos in the world. Each casino in Belgium is located in a different city. Four of the casinos are located along the northern coast from Knokke-Heist down to Oostende with the remainder in Antwerp, Brussels, Namur, Chaudfontaine, and Spa. There are various slot parlors or gaming halls scattered around as well. Grand Casino Knokke has the largest gambling floor in Belgium at 66,000 sq ft. While Grand Casino Brussels Viage , located in the heart of the capital, offers more gaming positions with 39 tables, 400 machines, and a poker room. All of the casinos offer fine dining, and all provide easy access to distinguished accommodations. Check our gambling guide for more information about casinos and gambling and Belgium. Denmark is the southernmost of the Nordic countries of Western Europe and is almost surrounded by the North Sea except for its southern border with Germany. It is connected to Sweden by a bridge near the capital city of Copenhagen. There are six casinos here with Casino Copenhagen being the largest and Casino Aalborg being the farthest from the capital. The minimum gambling age is 18 and although the official language is Danish, most people speak English as well. Casino Marienlyst in Helsingør is the oldest casino in the country having opened in 1902. The casino offers blackjack, roulette, punto banco, Texas Hold'em and Omaha poker, and a chance at the Denmark Casino Jackpot on a slot machine. In fact, all six casinos are on the progressive network with a minimum DKK 2,000,000 (US$301,064) jackpot. Casino Odense, Royal Casino Aarhus, and Casino Munkebjerg in Vejle round out the country's casino offering. To learn more about these casinos and other Denmark gaming facts please see our gambling guide . The Faroe Islands is a sovereign country closely allied with Denmark. In fact, it was a part of Denmark until they gained independence in the late 1940s. The tiny nation-state follows Denmark very closely and has emulated Danish gambling law to a large degree. With only about 50,000 inhabitants and no major tourist trade, visitors to the Faroe Islands will not find any casinos. Some residents do gamble online, seemingly without any interference from authorities. Until the recent past, the government of Finland remained cold to the idea of Finnish gambling with only a single casino on the mainland and one on the Baltic island of Åland . Both of those casinos gave all of their profits to charity. In 2016, plans for a second mainland casino to be located in Tampere , 100km north of Helsinki were announced. All casino and entertainment clubs in the country are owned and administered by consolidated state agency now known as Veikkaus Oy/RAY. Two brands have emerged under the state umbrella with 7 small slots centers attached to Pelaamo markets and shopping centers, and 5 entertainment clubs with gaming, restaurant and event services along with blackjack, roulette, and poker under the Feel Vegas brand. The fifth venue, Feel Vegas Kuopio , opened in January 2017. Grand Casino Helsinki in the nation's capital, features 20 table games and 300 slot machines, a poker room, cabaret, eateries, and bars. To read more about gambling in Finland with all casinos listed by city visit our gambling guide . France has nearly 200 casinos spread over more than 170 cities making it the best place in Europe to find a casino no matter where you go. The country has a long and rich history of gambling and holds some of the world's oldest casinos. Roulette and parimutuel betting originated in France as did the Queen in a deck of cards in the 1500's. Slot machines were first allowed in 1988 one year after regulators lowered the gambling age from 21 to 18. The largest casino in France is Casino Barriere Enghien-les-Bains . Some of the more well known longstanding casinos include the ocean front Casino Barriere de Biarritz in South-West France. In Cannes, you'll find the magnificent Casino Le Croisette unfold itself to you as you descend the escalator. One of the most prestigious clubs is in the seaside city of Deauville with restaurants, bars, and 44,000 sq ft of gaming space. Casino Barriere de Deauville offers 245 Slot Machines, 40 electronic English Roulette Stations, 10 Poker and 4 Black Jack Tables. Take a journey through all of the casinos of France in our gambling guide . Germany is the most populated country in Europe with over 81 million people.  It was first envisioned as a distinct region by Julius Caesar. All of the major cities including Berlin, Cologne, Frankfurt, Hamburg, (Stuttgart) and Munich have casinos as do many smaller towns. Casinos range in size from the larger Spielbank Do-Hohensyburg in Dortmund, to Spielautomatens with 50 or fewer machines. The full-service casinos offer blackjack, roulette, poker, video poker, slots, and some electronic table games along with restaurants, lounges, and bars while some of the smaller venues simply have a snack bar and machines. Casino names usually contain the name of their location such as Spielbank Bad Wiessee One of the leading casinos in the capital city is Spielbank Berlin Casino . Saarbrücken has 3 small casinos. Casinos are literally everywhere in Germany. Please note you will need to be at least 18 to gamble in Germany, show your ID, and sometimes tender a small entrance fee. To explore any of the more than 60 casinos in Germany or learn about other gambling opportunities please see our German gambling guide. Gibraltar is a British Overseas Territory on the south coast of Spain. Here you will find the 426m (4585ft) high Rock of Gibraltar, a limestone ridge. Due to its strategic location, Gibraltar has seen numerous settlements and occupations since Moors first populated it. The country passed a revised law known as The Gambling Act 2005 which oversees the two land casinos and issues remote gaming licenses for online gaming . In April 2015 PAF (Penningautomatförening) of Finland opened the Casino Sunborn Super Yacht Gibraltar in association with Finnish hotelier Sunborn at the Ocean Village Marina. The £120 million, 189 room, 5-star super yacht hotel first opened in March 2014 and features a spa, conferencing facilities, restaurants, and bars in addition to the casino. In May of 2015, Novomatic re-opened Casino Admiral Gibraltar at Ocean Village after purchasing the property in 2013 and refurbishing it to include new bars, restaurants, upgraded VIP areas, a sports betting facility and two smoking areas. To learn more about the casinos in Gibraltar check out our gambling guide. Guernsey is one of the Channel Islands along with Jersey. The island, or collection of islands, is a self-governing British dependency. One of the islands of Guernsey is Alderney, an online gambling regulatory and licensing jurisdiction in its own right. Oddly enough, Guernsey and Alderney have their own parliamentary systems so each island has its own regulations. There are no terrestrial casinos located in Guernsey. St. Pierre Park Hotel was able to garner a license in 2003, but to date have not put gaming into operation. Iceland is the 89% green country and Greenland is the 80% ice-covered country. Now that we have that out of the way let's look at gambling in Iceland . There are no legal casinos in the country. However, visitors to Reykjavik or a few of the other cities in the capital region will occasionally run across little slot parlors attached to other businesses. These are usually not high-class places and the odds offered by the machines are reportedly dismal at best. All proceeds from the gambling machines go to worthy social causes such as the Icelandic Red Cross. Most of the casinos in Ireland are situated in or near the capital city of Dublin with others in Cork, Dundalk, Galway, and Limerick. Most have poker tables and all have slots. They vary in size and services but most offer sports betting and many have table games like roulette, blackjack, and punto banco (baccarat).  The oldest casino in Dublin is Amusement City , in operation since 1974. There is some place for gamblers of every style in Ireland. Emerald Casino Clondalkin Q's is located in a snooker hall and has taken over about 3/4 of it now. The casino features 20 Texas Hold'em tables, 1 stud poker and 2 blackjack tables, 5 electronic roulette and 200 slot machines. The Sporting Emporium is one of the biggest casinos in Ireland. Part of the entry fee is returned in chips and complimentary drinks are served. The minimum gambling age in Ireland is 18 and you'll need to join the club to enter, as with any other Irish gambling venue. Like almost all Irish casinos the Fitzwilliam Casino and Card Club has a big poker component, but here you can also play roulette, blackjack, punto banco and Brit Brag, not to mention slots on 27-inch HD touchscreens. Check out all if the gaming venues in Ireland with our gambling guide . Italy is home to perhaps the oldest gambling house on the planet, Casino di Venezia on the Grand Canal in Ca' Vendramin Calergi. The Great Council of Venice established the casino in the palace in 1638 to provide controlled gambling during the carnival season. In earlier times backgammon was a common gambling game. Baccarat and bingo are said to have been invented in Italy around the end of the 15th century. Today there are six full-scale casinos and about 20 slot halls, some with poker rooms. There are also millions of legal slot machines in bars, shops, and hotels across the country. Of the six casinos, Casino Municipale di Campione d'Italia is the largest with 56 table games, 778 slot machines, and poker room along with a hotel, fine dining options, and a bar. Casino Sanremo has nearly 500 gaming machines, 38 table games, and a poker room. One of the most extraordinary modern casinos in Italy is Casino de la Vallee in St. Vincent with over 43,000 sq ft of gaming space over two floors. The resort is situated in the Aosta Valley, known as the Riviera of the Alps. Find out more about gaming opportunities in Italy by reading our gambling guide here . Jersey is a Crown dependency of the UK. It is one of the Channel Islands and situated near the coast of Normandy, France. There are no casinos on the island although the gambling law of 2012 would seem to allow them. There are no slots or video poker machines currently deployed in pubs or hotels. However, the country does have a gambling commission and is positioned to become an important online gaming licensing jurisdiction. Gambling is legal and highly regulated in the European micro state of Liechtenstein. Due to low tax rates and a relaxed financial regulatory regime, Liechtenstein has twice as many businesses as it has residents. The population of under 40,000 people has the highest GDP per capita of any country in the world. However,  there are no casinos in Liechtenstein . A law was passed in 2009 that allows for casinos, but no operator has taken the plunge as of late 2017. There is only one casino in Luxembourg. Casino 2000 is a gambling casino, hotel, and entertainment complex at Mondorf-les-Bains in the southern part of the country. Casino 2000 offers 6 gaming tables and 280 slots and electronic roulette machines. About half a million people a year visit Casino 2000 for gambling, dining, shows, accommodations, or conferences. Attempts had been made to open a casino in Mondorf-les-Bains since the 1840s and in 1983 the country's sole casino finally opened. Malta is an island country in Europe on an archipelago in the Mediterranean Sea. The closest neighbor to the north is Italy, and to the west 1000km away is the North African coast and Tunisia. There are four casinos in Malta and the country has its own regulatory body which oversees those and issues online gaming licenses. Dragonara Casino on the coast in St. Julians is the oldest gambling venue in the country. The casino opened in a nineteenth-century palace in 1964. After a complete refurbishment, it re-opened in 2016. The other three casinos in Malta are Olympic's Casino Malta at the Intercontinental Hotel in St. Julian’s along with the Oracle at St. Paul's Bay, Bugibba and the Casino at Portomaso. Tumas Gaming Ltd owns the latter two. Casino Malta by Olympic Casino in St. Julians offers more gaming positions than any other with 29 tables, 300 slots, and a 10 table poker room. The casino opened in 2015. The Casino at Portomaso is also in St. Juliens and offers poker tournament space for up to 1,000 during big events, as well as 150 slots and 14 table games. Oracle Casino is situated in the New Dolmen Hotel at St. Paul's Bay and offers a vast array of games over their 15 tables along with slots, video poker, and virtual horse racing. To explore the casinos of Malta please see our gambling guide here . Monte Carlo is the place of casino legends as well as myths like James Bond and represents the ultimate in allure and intrigue for the romantic gambler. Here you will find Casino de Monte-Carlo, the Café de Paris, the Monte Carlo Bay, and the Sun Casino. The four casinos of Monte Carlo in Monaco are owned and operated by the Société des Bains de Mer (SBM) a publicly traded company established 1863. In 2015 Macau's Galaxy Entertainment Group (GEG) and the Louis Vuitton company (LVMH) each purchased 5% stakes. In 2017 GEG and SBN formed a partnership to pursue a casino license in Japan. Le Grand Casino de Monte-Carlo (Monte Carlo Casino) opened in 1863 and features The Opéra Garnier. The word, "Opulence" doesn't begin to describe the luxurious setting. Be sure to play some punto banco (Baccarat) here so you'll have no regrets later. Cafe de Paris is a modern casino with two open-air terraces for gaming so that gamblers can enjoy a night breeze on the French Riviera. Monte Carlo Bay Resort and Casino is contemporary and features multiple venues and attractions such as a private beach and separate beach club. Sun Casino at the Fairmont Monte-Carlo offers a full range of table games and slot machines. If you'd like to explore more of the history of Monaco and find out why Monte Carlo is so well-known please see our Monaco gambling guide . The Netherlands is a country in northwestern Europe where many of the 17 million citizens have a healthy appetite for gambling. You will find over 150 casinos spread throughout nearly 100 cities from Bergen op Zoom in the south to Groningen in the north of Holland as well as Rotterdam , The Hague , Amsterdam , and all points between and beyond. There are 14 full casinos and the balance offers a variety of poker, bingo games, slots and other electronic games. Holland Casino is the purveyor of traditional casino games such as blackjack, roulette, and punto banco as well as slots and poker. Holland Casino Rotterdam is the biggest casino in the Netherlands with 144 table games, 656 electronic gaming machines, and 8 poker tables. In Amsterdam, you'll find a dozen casinos offering electronics and poker along with Holland Casino Amsterdam . Lucky Jack runs for casino there including Lucky Jack – Buikslotermeerplein . The Dutch love to gamble. To learn more about what they have to offer please visit our gambling guide here . Gambling in Norway is mostly an illegal activity except under certain circumstances. The government maintains a gambling monopoly through two agencies. Norsk Tipping offers sports betting, Keno, scratch cards, and a lottery draw game. Norsk Ristoko administers race betting. Poker games at home are allowed under the law as long as the game doesn't operate as a business. All true slot machines were banned in 2007 and replaced by IVTs (interactive video terminals) in 2009. Players must use a special card to play the games. Players must commit to a budget before playing, take breaks at certain intervals, etc. in an effort to stem any problem gambling. To learn more about gambling in Norway please see our gambling guide . Portugal is located on the tip of the Iberian Peninsula in Western Europe. It shares a border with Spain and has shores on the Atlantic Ocean. There are about a dozen casinos in Portugal. Three of the properties are operated by Estoril Sol Group , whose chairman is Stanley Ho, the original King of Macau. Five of the casinos are operated by Solverde Group , in the Portuguese hospitality business since 1974. All of the casinos are located on or near the coast on the west side of the country. Casino Estoril in Lisbon is touted as the largest casino in all of Europe. By area, the gaming floor only covers 26,900 square feet, but the casino holds 1,200 gaming machines and 35 table games. In addition to poker and slots, most casinos offer blackjack, roulette, and punto banco, but most also offer games with local color and flavor such as the high-paced 3 dice game of Banca Francesa. Solverde operates Casino Espinho and three casinos in Algarve - Vilamoura , Praia da Rocha, Monte Gordo , and Hotel Casino Chaves. To learn more about these and other casinos or to explore attractions and lodging opportunities in Portugal please visit our gambling guide here . San Marino is a landlocked sovereign state surrounded by Italy. The entire country has an area of less than 25 square miles and a population of just over 30,000. San Marino reportedly gained independence from the Roman Empire over 1,700 years ago and has remained a sovereign state to this day. Casino gambling was legalized in the late 1800s but was later banned by the government when it came under communist rule temporarily in the 1940s. The Giochi del Titano casino there is located near the northeastern border with Cerasolo Italy just off Strada Statale 72. Slovakia is bordered by Austria, Hungary, Poland, and Ukraine. In May 2017, the capital city of Bratislava voted for an absolute ban on casinos there. However, casinos will only close as their licenses expire. The last to close will be Banco Casino in the Crowne Plaza hotel in 2021. There are about 20 casinos in the country with 7 casinos in Bratislava. Other cities with casinos include Nitra, Trnava, Zilina, and Zvolen among others. Casino Admiral Bratislava is in the northeast section of town and offers 288 gaming machines and 11 tables, a restaurant and bar. On the other side of town, you will find Rebuy Stars Casino Bratislava with slots and electronic roulette. The casino furthest from the capital is Olympic Casino Košice with a poker room, 7 gaming tables, and 53 machines. There are also Casino Admiral locations in Nitra and Trnava . To read more about all of the gaming options in Slovakia please see our gambling guide . Spain has a long, rich history of gambling going back over 200 years. Skill-based gaming was authorized in the 1970's and slots in 1981. There are more than 60 casinos in Spain, but most of the nearly 250,000 slots lie outside of the actual casinos in bars and taverns. Spain is poised for some major casino development with rumblings of major operators seeking locations and licenses and casinos in the Center Recreatiu i Turístic ( BCN World ) about 100km from Barcelona expected to change the regional economy. The largest casino in Spain is Casino Gran Madrid Torrelodones on the outskirts of Madrid . Another casino that is grand for more than its gaming is Casino Peralada in Girona. The casino in a mid-13th-century castle built outside the walls of an earlier set of a dynasty is a major attraction. Spain holds modern wonders to such as Gran Casino Costa Brava Lloret de Mar in Girona. For nightlife it's got to be Ibizi or Marbella in southern Spain. If you'd like to explore more of the casinos of Spain, please see our gambling guide . Svalbard and Jan Mayen, although not a country, has a statistical designation as a place and for such purposes, Svalbard and Jan Mayen are combined by the International Organization for Standardization into a single category (ISO 3166-1) even though they are administered separately. Svalbard is an Arctic Ocean archipelago which is under the full sovereignty of Norway, subject to a treaty. Jan Mayen is an island in a remote region of the Arctic Ocean administrated by the County Governor of Nordland. There are no permanent residents of Jan Mayen. There are no casinos in either of these areas, but researchers could use satellite communications to play a few slots while posted there. Sweden offers citizens visitors multiple ways to gamble from the state-owned lottery Penning Lotteriet in existence since 1897 to the four land-based casinos, the first of which, Casino Cosmopol Sundsvall opened in 2001 in a refurbished train station circa 1847. Players must be 18 to gamble online, play the lottery, or spin slots. In order to play casino games you must be 20. All of the country's casinos are state-owned by Svenska Spel and operated by subsidiary Casino Cosmopol. All profits are claimed by the national treasury of Sweden. Although the casinos are highly regulated, games like blackjack and slots can be found at pubs and ferries all over the country, with those slots getting very little action. The casinos of Sweden are located in Sundsvall , Stockholm , Gothenburg and Malmö . All of them offer regular local and national poker tournaments. Poker is not allowed in bars and pubs. Casino Cosmopol Stockholm was the last of the casinos to open in 2012. It is also the biggest casino in terms of gaming offers. The Stockholm casino has 46 tables and 412 slot machines. All of the casino present locally relevant architecture. If you want to know more about gambling in Sweden please see our gambling guide . Switzerland is bordered by France, Italy, and Germany. Gambling has been allowed since 2000, so all of the country's 20 casinos are relatively modern. They are spread out around the country with several in the interior. Poker is popular in Switzerland and most casinos offer the games. The Casino Barrière de Montreux on the Lake Geneva shoreline offers all the gaming found in locales like Las Vegas but has better views. Casino Interlaken ( Kursaal ) in the Bernese Oberland mountain region of central Switzerland offers another experience altogether for those who venture out during the day. Swiss Casino - Zurich is the largest casino in the country with table games, poker, and 400 slots and video poker machines. Many casinos including Gran Casino Bern , offer Europe's largest tax-free jackpot with their progressive Swiss Jackpot. Gamblers must be at least 18. Opening hours and dress codes vary greatly from property to property, as do opening hours. To learn more about casinos in Switzerland please see our gambling guide here . Citizens of the United Kingdom are well known for their want to have a flutter, and none more so than the British. There are over 1,000 betting shops in London alone . Throughout the U.K. you will find nearly 150. The most legendary area for casinos in London is Mayfair, home to the legendary Ritz Club located in iconic 150 Piccadilly Street. And then there is Crockfords Club. The first casino in Great Britain was River Casino on the Thames and the first land casino opened in Brighton in 1962. It was known as Metropole Brighton. But gambling is not confined to England. You'll find  the Palace Hotel Casino in the Isle of Man, 4 casinos in Wales , and 12 in Scotland including Grosvenor Casino Merchant City , and Alea Casino Glasgow with the largest floors and most gambling positions respectively. Victoria Gate Casino Leeds opened in 2017 and the "Super Casino", Aspers Royal Pier Casino is expected to open by 2021. For a complete list of UK casinos by country visit our gambling guide here . Vatican City is a city-state completely surrounded by Rome, Italy. It is the home of the Roman Catholic Church and the Pope. Gambling is not allowed in Vatican City. However, international oddsmakers do occasionally post betting lines related to Vatican City events, such as who the next Pope will be. Oddsmakers have very poor prognostication skills when it comes to such rare events so you may be able to pick up odds as lucrative as 20:1. However, our suggestion would be to explore some of the richly historic gambling venues of Italy proper. Please click here to read our Italy gambling guide. Canada is a sparsely populated North American country situated above the United States on the map. Casinos in the country are usually owned by provincial lottery corporations in association with private business, or by First Nation tribes. Canadian residents and visitors will find casinos from the Pacific coastal province of British Columbia in the west to the most easterly province of Newfoundland and Labrador. In addition to more than 200 casinos, there are also more than 20 horse racing tracks in Canada. Several of the facilities also host slot parlors. Lottery corporations also authorize sports betting outlets province by province. In British Columbia Sports Action offers in-shop and mobile betting while Pari Sportif handles the action in Quebec. Check out all of the ways to gamble in Canada by reading our gambling guide here . Greenland is an autonomous Danish territory comprising a very large island mostly exhibiting coastlines with fjords situated between the North Atlantic and Arctic oceans. Over 80% of the country is covered in ice. Most of the people there live on the coasts where the ice-free land is to be found. As a rule, the government does not translate their laws into English so it is unclear if casinos are legal or not. However, no casinos are to be found in Greenland . This could be due to a lack of much of a tourist economy in the country, other economic barriers, or legal issues. Mexico is in North America  situated between the U.S. and Central America with a land area of 750,561 square miles. Known for ancient ruins and Spanish colonial-era towns the country is also famous for a diverse landscape including deserts, jungles, mountains, and beaches along the Pacific Gulf of Mexico coastlines. Casinos were outlawed in Mexico in 1938 but authorized again in 2008. Visitors will find over 300 casinos in Mexico, but most of them are small electronic bingo and server controlled slot parlors for the most part, with only a few truly opulent venues of good size anywhere in the country. Hipódromo de las Américas & Royal Yak Casino is located in Mexico City and offers table games, bingo, a racetrack, and over 700 slots. To learn more about the casinos of Mexico please visit our Mexico gambling guide . Saint Pierre and Miquelon is a French overseas collectivity on an archipelago south of Canadia's Newfoundland island. Only about 6,000 people live there, and there are no casinos on any of the islands or islets. The island's location has occasionally made it strategically important in times of war and it has traded hands several times. The archipelago was also an important transfer point for Canadian whiskey destined for the United States during alcohol prohibition. The island plunged into economic depression with the end of the alcohol ban in 1933. The United States of America has more casinos than any other country in the world. Almost half of the US states offer commercial casinos and even more states have Native American casinos located on tribal lands. From Las Vegas to Atlantic City and everywhere in between Americans love to gamble. Slot machines can be found in virtually every casino in the United States and were invented in the U.S. as were poker and many casino card games like Three Card Poker. Las Vegas , Nevada is known all over the world as the birthplace of modern gambling. Sin City also introduced the integrated resort experience to draw family and business visitors. World class entertainment, dining, nightlife, accommodations, and meeting facilities are now the standard for gambling hubs everywhere. To learn more about gambling in the country and to explore nearly 2,000 licensed casinos there please see our United States gambling guide . Argentina is a South American country with a passion for gambling. With well over 150 casinos and gambling halls spread over 10 seperate corridors, visitors will find everything from punto banco to video slots and all things in between. From the magnificent Trilenium Casino in Tigre with over 180,000 sq ft of gaming floor to the iconic Casino Central in Mar del Plata with it's stunning architecture which opened in 1939, gamblers needs are met with a fervor. Casinos in Argentina offer all of the games you would expect to find in a place like Las Vegas as well as casino cruise ships, horse racing, bingo and lotteries. The all-encompassing Hipódromo Argentino de Palermo in Buenos Aires offers horse racing and thousands of slots, electronic roulette, and VIP gaming rooms. For in-depth reading about all of the gambling opportunities in Argentina see our gambling guide here . Bolivia is a central South American country with diverse geography including an Amazon Basin rain forest, the Atacama Desert, Altiplano plateau, and the Andes Mountains. The country has a thriving underground gambling culture due to any form of gambling being illegal from 1938 until 1996. Casinos were finally authorized in 2002 and the Gaming Control Board was established in 2011. Electronic bingo rooms and other pseudo-casinos thrive under lottery operator Lotex S.A. which is partially owned by Russian based Ritzio International. The Moscow-based firm operates over 1,000 venues, mostly in eastern Europe but also in Africa, Peru, Mexico, and Bolivia. To learn more about gambling in Bolivia please see our gambling guide here . Brazil is an enormous South American country with an area of 3,287,956 square miles. Along with the Amazon Basin and Iguaçu Falls, the country is best recognized by the "concrete Christ" statue overlooking Rio de Janeiro. Casinos have been banned in Brazil since 1946 and the country's bingo halls were shut down in 2007 over concerns of organized crime and money laundering. Brazilian law currently allows federal lotteries and horse race betting. Casinos may be coming to Brazil as the government wrestles with a recession that has lasted over a quarter of a century. If legislation is approved it could open one of the most important new gambling markets in history. Major operators are watching closely and Las Vegas Sands has reportedly offered to build an $8 billion casino resort in Rio once the green light is given. Stay tuned to news on important developments and read more about gambling in Brazil in our gambling guide . Chile has 17 casinos operating under Law No. 19,995 including the newest, Casino Ovalle . Another 7 tenders for true casinos are authorized under a 2015 law and 7 more municipal casinos were recently brought under the superintendent's authority. In 2017 there were 24 casinos in operation. A recent study by the government showed over 30,000 illegal machines in various slot parlors and electronic gaming venues outside of the casinos. The Sun Monticello Casino which opened in 2009 about 45 minutes away from Santiago is the largest casino in the country and is part of a 5 star hotel, spa, and nightclub complex with ten gourmet restaurants. Dreams Casino Punta Arenas lies furthest south while Marina del Sol Calama takes up the northernmost position near Bolivia. All of the casinos are on or near the Pacific Coast of Chile offering easy access to beaches, sunshine, and outdoor activities. Many of the major casinos are open 24/7. For a complete rundown on casinos and other gaming in Chile please see our gambling guide here . Colombia has come into its own over the last decade or so and now the country hosts several high quality casinos. Although spread over at least 25 villages and cities, Bogota has more casinos than any other city. New modern venues are being opened in places like Cartagena as well. The Caribbean coastal atmosphere and attractive city spanning old and new, plus a good population of tourists and locals make Cartegena the new go-to city in Columbia for gambling. Codere Group's Crown Casino Zona T in Bogota is a magnificent casino with all the gaming and entertainment one could expect spread over more than 40,000 sq ft and five levels. In Cartegena Sun Nao Casino is a must-go place for gamblers to enjoy casino gaming. Inside the Nao shopping center visitors will find a 5-star hotel, cinemas, dining, and more. To learn more about all of the gaming opportunities in Columbia see our gambling guide . Casinos operated in Ecuador from 1949 until 2011 when they were banned by presidential decree after a narrowly defeated voter referendum. However, the underground casino economy only contributes to money laundering and in March of 2017 the country was placed on the US government's blacklist of top offenders in its annual report on drug trafficking and financial crimes. The May 2017, inauguration of a new president is not expected to change things. For more history on gambling in Ecuador please see our gambling guide here . The Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) is a remote archipelago located in the South Atlantic ocean. The population hovers below 3,000 residents and there is no regulated gambling there. The largest city and capital, Stanley, holds two-thirds of the British Overseas Territory's inhabitants. Great Britain invaded the Falklands in 1982. The war is memorialized in a museum there. In order to gamble, residents would most likely travel to Tierra del Fuego or Río Gallegos in Argentina . French Guiana is situated on the northeastern coast of South America. It is a tiny country shouldered by Suriname and Brazil with a North Atlantic Ocean coastline. The capital city of Cayenne is resplendent with colorful houses and colonial architecture. As an overseas region of France, it is subject to French gambling law, and although it is technically possible for casinos to be licensed there, it is not very likely any ever will be. Guyana , not to be confused with the French overseas region of French Guiana, is a Caribbean identifying sovereign nation situated on the mainland of South America in the north. It is separated from French Guiana by Suriname and shares its other borders with Venezuela and Brazil. About 90% of the country's 740,000 inhabitants along a narrow coastal strip adjacent to the Atlantic Ocean. There are no casinos in Guyana and precious few in any of its neighboring countries. Many tourist attracting countries have a casino component and beautiful Paraguay is nor exception. Sharing borders with Argentina, Bolivia, and Brazil, visitors will find casinos from Encarnación, to Pedro Juan Caballero, to Asunción and beyond as well as slot parlors and gaming parks nearly everywhere. Shops, grocers, and pharmacies were banned from offering machines in late 2016 to keep under-aged gambling to a minimum. Amabay Hotel Casino offers complete casino gaming including poker. Carnaval Hotel Casino in Encarnación opened in 2006 and runs 24/7. Casino Asunción is a popular venue there with dice, cards, and slots. Hotel and Casino Acaray in Del Este offers 4-star accommodations and a nice casino. Hotel Guaraní Asunción offers more than 100 machines around the clock. To see all of the casinos in Paraguay be sure to visit our gambling guide here . Peru is literally littered with hundreds of seedy little slots parlors that most visitors would be advised to stay away from. The country also has a lot of legitimate casinos offering blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and more. There are several truly high-class venues and gamblers will feel safe in any of the more popular places. Sun Dreams is planning a $250 million casino hotel for Lima , much like their offerings in Chile. Until Sun Dreams brings a true Las Vegas experience to Peru there are still some quality casinos to try your luck in. In Lima, the Majestic Casino inside J W Marriott Hotel is a great bet and so is the Fiesta Hotel & Casino . While in the neighborhood the Atlantic City Casino is just down the street and offers over 400 machines, 31 tables and a non-smoking poker room upstairs. To learn more about gambling in Peru and see all of the casinos, please see our gambling guide . Suriname is often forgotten when thinking of South America. With a rich history and melting pot population, there are also problems there with governments issuing travel advisories. But, if you are an adventurer, the smallest country on the continent may appeal to you with vast tropical rain forests, 17th Century Dutch architecture, and of course, casinos. The casinos of Suriname are located in the capital city of Paramaribo. All offer accommodation services. You'll find the King Princess Casino located in the Wyndham Garden Hotel and the Phoenicia Princess with her own rooms. Pasha Global runs the Mirage Hotel & Casino and the Atlantis, with the Tropicana run by a subsidiary. The Torarica Hotel has a small casino, and there are a handful of other options. For a complete list of Suriname casinos please visit our gambling guide here . Although Uruguay is small (68,000 sq mi) and about half of the country's population lives in Montevideo, the country packs a lot of casino excitement into its small space as casinos are scattered throughout the countryside with a minor concentration in the capital city. Perhaps the most spectacular casino here is the Sofitel Montevideo Casino Carrasco and Spa . Although not as ancient, the Conrad Resort & Casino in Punta del Este is nearly as impressive and a little more family friendly as a destination. Some of the other cities and towns hosting casinos include Artigas, Atlantida , Carmelo, Chuy , Fray Bentos, La Paloma , Paysandu, Piriapolis , Rivera, and Salto Grande . The country's oldest continuously run casino, opened in 1909, has moved to new digs at La Casa de Andalucía. For more information on casinos and gambling in Uruguay see our gambling guide . Venezuela was once one of the most powerful growing economies in the world, let alone South America, but economic pressures and political strife have made it a place not likely to be visited by many casino patrons. Of the grand casinos there a few years ago there is now only Crowne Plaza Maruma Hotel & Casino in Maracaibo. American Samoa is a U.S. Territory in the South Pacific Ocean that comprises 7 islands and atolls. The capital, Pago Pago is on the largest island, Tutuila. There are no casinos on any of the islands but cruise ships entering the Pago Pago Seaport may offer gambling when in international waters. Visitors to the nearby country of Samoa will find casino gambling. Australians love to gamble whether on sports or casino games and the casino population of the huge country reflects that fact. Including the various pokie parlors or slot halls we count about 100 places to have a flutter. Crown Melbourne is currently the largest casino south of the equator and the 7th largest in the world with nearly 1/4 million sq ft of gaming space holding 500 tables and 2,500 slots - all the license will allow. Crown Melbourne is followed in size by Brisbane's iconic Treasury Casino , Crown Perth , The Star in Sydney, and The Star Gold Coast , formerly Jupiters. It's currently unknown how large the casino will be at The Star Brisbane when it opens, but the A$1 billion+ Crown Sydney at Bangaroo is not expected to have a large mass gaming floor. To explore all of the casinos and gambling opportunities down under see our gambling guide here . Christmas Island is situated south of Java, Indonesia in the Indian Ocean. Most of the Australian territory is covered by a national park with wetlands and waterfalls drawing hikers into the rainforest there. Snorkeling and diving reefs ring the island. It is also home to the former Christmas Island Resort, or Christmas Island Casino that operated for 4 years beginning in 1993. The casino reportedly took in $5 billion profit annually but somehow folded in bankruptcy. There were rumblings of a potential reopening of the casino in 2015 but as of late 2017 nothing has come to pass. The Cocos (Keeling) Islands are a remote Australian territory in the Indian Ocean, far off the coast of Sumatra. There are 27 islands altogether in 2 coral atolls. The main islands are dubbed Home Island and West Island. Some of the uninhabited islands require permission for access. Coconuts are the territory's only cash crop. There are no casinos in the Cocos Keeling Islands. The Cook Islands is a South Pacific nation that is linked politically to New Zealand. The country comprises 15 islands that are scattered far and wide over 1,800,000 square kilometers (690,000 sq mi) of the ocean. Tourism is the country's main industry with about 100,000 visitors each year. Online and land based gambling is legal in the country, but locals are opposed to casino development and there are no casinos on the Cook Islands. East Timor or Timor-Leste is a Southeast Asian nation situated between Indonesia and Australia. It occupies about half of the island of Timor, the other half is part of Indonesia. There are no casinos in East Timor as of 2017 but there are rumors of a major development that could include a casino at Atauro being planned in secrecy. Fiji is a tropical paradise located in the South Pacific Ocean comprising about 300 individual islands. Most of the population is centered on the islands of Viti Levu and Vanua Levu. The capital, Suva, is located on Vanua Levu. Efforts to bring a casino to Fiji have been underway for some time but were tied up in the courts for years. In June 2017, the government issued a license for a casino to be located at the Momi Bay Resort in Western Fiji. French Polynesia comprises over 100 islands in multiple South Pacific archipelagos. Visitors come to experience the vivid turquoise lagoons ringed by coral and to sleep in bungalows that are placed over the water. The archipelagos are known as Austral, Gambier, Marquesas, Society, and Tuamotu. There is no organized gambling in French Polynesia . Guam is a U.S. territory near the Philippines in Micronesia, which is part of Oceania. It offers one of the most equable climates on earth, meaning that temperatures on the tropical island remain consistent all year long. Pachinko games and betting on greyhound races are legal. Up until summer 2017, small casinos were set up at festivals and fairs but have since been banned. The nearest casinos are about 135 miles away in Saipan . Kiribati is an equatorial island nation in the Central Pacific comprised of more than 30 coral atolls, isles, and islets disbursed over more than a million square miles of ocean. Kiribati gained independence from the UK in 1979. There are no organized gambling activities or casinos in Kiribati. The Marshall Islands are situated between Hawaii and the Philippines in the central Pacific Ocean. The area was used by the US military for testing nuclear bombs including a hydrogen bomb test in 1954. After WWII the waters around Bikini Atoll were used as a ship graveyard, now a popular dive site. There are no casinos in the Marshall Islands . Micronesia , or more specifically, the Federated States of Micronesia is a country in the western Pacific Ocean that is made up of over 600 islands. Pohnpei, Kosrae, Chuuk, and Yap make up the four states. The Federated States of Micronesia should not be confused with the subregion of Oceania (Micronesia) that includes the federated states. The Micronesia sub region includes four other independent nations and three U.S. territories. As is the case with many Pacific island realms, there is almost always chatter of potential Chinese casino resort development.  Pohnpei and Yap have been mentioned throughout the years as being under consideration for development. Nauru, formerly known as Pleasant Island, is an independent island nation located in Micronesia. Nauru is the third smallest nation in the world by area with only Vatican City and Monaco being smaller. It is also the smallest state in the South Pacific. Formerly a source of phosphates for Australia and others, the resources have been exhausted and Nauru was forced to act as a detention center for Australia in order to receive aid. It has also been known as a tax haven and money laundering center. There are no casinos on Nauru . New Caledonia is a special collectivity of France located in the southwest Pacific with legal gambling. There are two casinos on the archipelago. The capital city is Nouméa and where the casinos are located. The official language is French and they use their own local currency pegged to the euro at a rate of 1,000 CFP:8.38 euros. To learn more about gambling in New Caledonia or to read casino profiles please see our gambling guide here . New Zealand has six casinos, most of them operated by the Skycity Entertainment Group. Unlike most jurisdictions, in New Zealand, the minimum legal age to enter a casino is 20 years. The first casino opened in 1994 and the Gambling Act of 2003 codified regulations that are mostly concerned with operators. Most winnings, except for poker, are not taxed in New Zealand. When in Auckland you can't miss SkyCity Casino as Sky Tower is over 1,000 feet tall (328 meters). You'll be near the Waikato River if you visit SkiCity Hamilton for poker or casino gaming. SkyCity owns both casinos in Queenstown ; One in the center of town and one on Queenstown's Wharf. And finally, they own Christchurch Casino. For something a little different head up to Dunedin. 0.5km from the city center you'll find the Dunedin Casino in the Southern Cross Hotel - the first 'jet-setter' hotel to open in New Zealand in 1962. For full details on all the casinos in New Zealand including booking information for lodging, please see our gambling guide here . Niue is a Pacific island nation near Tonga. It is one of the largest raised coral atolls on earth, meaning the interior is covered by land rather than being a lagoon. Visitors can walk through fossilized coral forests to arrive at ancient chasms in the Huvalu Forest Conservation Area. There are no gambling facilities in Niue . Norfolk Island is located between Australia, New Zealand, and New Caledonia in the Pacific Ocean. It is a commonwealth of Australia and formerly an Australian racing jurisdiction. In late 2016 the Norfolk Island Gaming Authority was closed after giving a wagering license to one of the largest illegal online betting operators in Asia. It is unclear if horse racing, which only occurred twice each year on the island, will continue. The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI) consists of 15 islands near Guam in the Pacific Ocean. Only a few of the islands are populated and in the past casinos have been located on Tinian and Rota. Imperial Pacific opened Best Sunshine Live , a temporary casino, in 2015 and the property consistently outperformed even Macau in VIP chip roll per table. Phase I of a larger development, Imperial Pacific Resort , is expected to cater to a mass gaming crowd as well as VIPs. The final phase could see as much as $7b invested. Alter City Group also plans to open a casino on Tinian, working name; Plumeria Golf and Casino Resort . To learn more about gambling in the CNMI please see our gambling guide here . Palau is located in the western Pacific Ocean and is part of the Micronesia region. Estimates of the number of islands in the country range from 340 to 500 depending on the source. There are between 200 and 300 uninhabited Rock Islands or Chelbacheb in the western part of the Caroline Islands chain. The population is estimated to be under 20,000 and about two-thirds live on Koror. There is no organized gambling in Palau . The last bill died without a reading in 2015. Papua New Guinea is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean north of Australia. The capital, Port Moresby, has been the home to at least two casinos in the past but as of 2017 none seem to be in operation. The country does have fairly up-to-date gambling laws and a gambling commission. The National Gaming Control Board was created in 2007 and oversees terrestrial and online gaming licensees. Pitcairn , or the Pitcairn Islands group, is a British Overseas Territory comprising the islands of Pitcairn, Henderson, Ducie and Oeno. Pitcairn is the only inhabited island and has about 50 residents. The people of Pitcairn are said to be descendants of mutineers of the HMAV Bounty. The administrative headquarters for Pitcairn is located in Auckland New Zealand. Samoa is volcanic island nation in the South Pacific situated between the far shores of New Zealand and Hawaii. There are four smaller islands off the coasts of the two main islands: Upolu and Savaii. There is an international airport on Upolu in the capital city of Apia. A casino has been planned for Apia for several years following the opening of Samoa's first casino in 2014. Read more about gambling in Samoa in our gambling guide . The Solomon Islands are located off the coast of Papua New Guinea near Australia in the Solomon Sea, south of the equator. The nation's islands are scattered over about 900 miles. Several active and dormant volcanoes can be found throughout the archipelago. Two casinos can be found in the capital city of Honiara. To explore the casinos and learn more about gambling in the Solomon Islands see our gambling guide . Tokelau is a territory of New Zealand located in the South Pacific Ocean. The tropical island territory comprises three coral atolls roughly midway between Hawaii and New Zealand and about 300 miles north of Samoa. The MV Tokelau undertakes the 24-hour journey from Apia, Samoa twice each month. Bring your own mattress. You will need special permission to visit the territory. There are no casinos in Tokelau. While visiting Samoa to obtain permission to visit you can gamble at a Samoan casino . Tonga is a South Pacific Polynesian kingdom that encompasses over 170 islands. Fiji and Samoa are its most well-known neighbors within a thousand miles. Tonga bills itself as "The true South Pacific". Many of the islands are uninhabited and most are covered in tropical rain forests and lined with white sand beaches and coral reefs. Current law prohibits casino development in Tonga but that has not stopped a group which includes American investors from presenting plans for a resort that would include a casino. Tuvalu is an independent nation in the South Pacific, far off the coast of Australia. The combined area of the nation's 9 islands makes it the fourth smallest country in the world. Considered part of the British Commonwealth, Tuvalu won independence in 1978. There are no casinos on any of the islands. The United States Minor Outlying Islands include 7 territories in the Pacific Ocean and one in the Caribbean Sea.  The Pacific territories include Baker Island, Howland Island, Jarvis Island, Johnston Atoll, Kingman Reef, Midway Atoll, Palmyra Atoll and Wake Island. Navassa Island is located in the Caribbean Sea. There are no casinos in the United States Minor Outlying Islands . Vanuatu is an island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean comprised of about 80 islands and which has casino gambling. The capital is Port Vila and this is where the casinos are to be found. The local Bislama, French, and English are the official languages. The main tourist attraction in Vanuatu is diving. The casinos here aren't large by Las Vegas standards, but they present an opportunity to gamble on table games and slot machines. Grand Hotel and Casino Vanuatu is the most well-known casino with its seaside hotel. Jewel Casino Irikiri is also a nice place with access to Snorkeler's Cove. Palms Casino offers lodging over the water at its Holiday Inn Resort. Club 21 Casino at The Melanesian offers blackjack, slot machines, video poker, and roulette. For a complete description of gaming in Vanuatu please see our gambling guide . Wallis and Futuna is a French collectivity located in the South Pacific. It is comprised of two archipelagoes - the Hoorn Islands and Wallis Islands, Futuna Island is part of the Hoorn archipelago as is the nearby uninhabited island of Alofi. Wallis Island is surrounded by 15 smaller uninhabited islands. There are three ceremonial kingdoms: Alo, Sigave, Wallis. There is colorful lore as to why there are no people living on Alofi. Algeria is a Muslim country located in North Africa across the Straight of Gibraltar from Spain and bordering Morocco to the west. The capital, Algiers is situated on the Mediterranean Sea coast at the Bay of Algiers. Law strictly prohibits gambling in Algeria. The casinos of Morocco would be a good alternative for the region. Angola is a country in Southern Africa with a long South Atlantic Ocean coastline. Its neighbors include the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Zambia, and Namibia. Colonized by the Portuguese, much of their culture remains in architecture, cuisine, religious institutions, and in the country's official language. It is an oil producing nation with uneven wealth distribution. Although much of the country was devastated by a civil war that ended in 2002, important infrastructure has been restored and Angola enjoys a brisk tourist trade based on natural scenery and exploration of the country's labyrinthine river system, waterfalls, and scenic coast. About a dozen casinos can be found in Angola from the capital, Luanda to oceanside resorts. To find out more about gambling in Angola see our gambling guide . Benin is located in West Africa with about 50 miles of North Atlantic Ocean coastline in the Gulf of Guinea. It is bordered to the west by Togo and to the east by Nigeria. The country's only casino is located on the coast near the capital city of Porto Novo, in Cotonou . Benin Marina Casino Hotel offers slots and table games. In addition to the casino, the hotel offers dining and entertainment. A nightclub and piano bar are the highlights along with several bars close by at the Benin Marina. Learn more about gambling in the country by visiting our Benin gambling guide . Botswana is a landlocked country in the southern part of the African continent situated directly north of South Africa. There are about ten casinos in Botswana with three of them in the capital city of Gaborone . The country's Gambling Authority was established in 2012. The minimum gambling age is 18. All of the country's casinos are located in 4-5 star hotels. Francistown , to the northeast near the Zimbabwe border, hosts one casino as do the other five gambling cities. Peermont Global and Sun International are the most well-known operator names. Grand Palm Casino in Gaborone offers 16 table games and 150 gaming machines. There are two Peermont hotels on the property. The Avani Gaborone Hotel & Casino is another premiere property with fine dining and 150 machines plus 9 tables. In Letlhakane , Thakadu Hotel & Casino is a boutique luxury hotel featuring only slot machines in the casino. Francistown offers slots only play at the Sedibeng Casino inside the in the Cresta Marakanelo Thapama Hotel. Check out our Botsawana gambling guide for more information on these and other hotel casinos in the land of the Zebra, Botswana. Burkina Faso (formerly Upper Volta) is a mostly French-speaking country located in West Africa, North of the Equator. It shares borders with Mali to the north; Niger to the east; Benin to the southeast; Togo, Ghana, and Ivory Coast toward the Atlantic Ocean and with Mali and Niger further inland. The capital city of Ouagadougou hosts two terrestrial casinos. Faso Loisirs is open 24 hours a day and offers billiards and bowling along with a European style restaurant called "Joker". Nearby you will also find Lucky Night Casino on Avenue de l'Uemmoa. To learn more about gambling in this West African country please see our Burkina Faso gambling guide . Burundi is located in East Africa. It is a landlocked country situated in the African Great Lakes region. Neighbors include The Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, and Tanzania. While casinos are specifically illegal there, at least one operates in the capital city of Bujumbura. Travel to Burundi is not recommended due to sporadic criminal and political violence and potential civil unrest. The police are known to detain travelers at roadblocks and raid the homes of westerners without cause. Cameroon is located on the west coast of Africa just above the equator on the Gulf of Guinea in the North Atlantic Ocean. The capital is Yaoundé and there is a casino in the inland city. The largest city is on the coast. The seaport municipality of Douala is home to two casinos. In March 2017, the U.S. State Dept. issued a travel warning for certain regions of the country due to kidnappings and bombings. Although it didn't include the casino cities, we would suggest checking for updated travel warnings before booking any travel to Cameroon. The Douala Casino at Pullman Rabingha Hotel offers blackjack, poker, roulette and slots just off the lobby along with 4-star guest rooms, 2 restaurants, and an outdoor pool. The Treasure Hunter Casino is also in the port city and is part of the Games World Int'l group. Table games offered include roulette, blackjack and perfect pairs, Treasure Poker, Oasis Stud, and Ultimate Texas Hold'em with progressive side bets. There is an Asian-themed gaming room with baccarat, a tea bar and complimentary drinks for players. Electronic offerings include slots, roulette, and video poker. The biggest casino is Hilton Hotel Yaounde Casino in the capital with only 8 table games and 30 slots. To learn more about these casinos or more about other gambling in Cameroon please see our gambling guide . Cape Verde or the Republic of Cabo Verde is an island country off the coast of West Africa comprising 10 volcanic islands. The Portuguese colonized the area in the 15th century and their influence remains. There is currently one casino in the country. Casino Royal is located in the Hilton in Santa Maria on Sal island. Boa Vista, Maoi, Sal, Santiago, and Sao Vicente islands were all approved for casino development in 2013. Macau casino operator Macau Legend has been granted a license to build and operate a  €250 million casino resort in Praia, the country's capital on Santiago Island. Construction began in early 2016 and the resort is expected to open in 2019. To learn more about gambling in Cape Verde and to explore the casinos there, please see our Cape Verde gambling guide . The Central African Republic is a landlocked country deep in Central Africa just north of the equator. Although the country's penal code states that unauthorized lotteries and gambling houses are illegal, there is no indication that there is a regulatory framework or any licensed casinos in The Central African Republic . Chad is located in the middle of upper equatorial Africa and the Sahara Desert covers much of the northern part of the country. Chad's neighbors are Niger, Libya, the Sudan, the Central African Republic, Cameroon, and Nigeria. Although gambling is legal, and there are casinos in Chad, it is not a recommended tourist destination for most, especially westerners. The U.S. Department of State frequently posts warnings and alerts about potential terrorist activity throughout the country. Comoros is a volcanic archipelago located off the east coast of Africa in the Mozambique Channel. The capital is Moroni. Gambling is legal in Comoros but there are currently not any casinos in operation. Sun International's  Le Galawa Beach Resort & Casino has been closed for some time. The most recent, and last casino to close was the Itsandra Hotel and Casino, however, the hotel remains open. The closest casinos to Comoros would be to the west in Mozambique or to the east on the island of Madagascar . The Democratic Republic of the Congo (formerly Zaire), or The Congo, is located in the heart of Central Africa with about 20 miles of Atlantic Ocean coastline on and east of the Congo River with Angola to the south and north. Casinos are legal in the DRC with Inter-ministerial orders in 2005 updating descriptions and establishing controls. The most well-known casino in the country is the Inter-Continental Kinshasa Hotel & Casino , or Casino International at Pullman Kinshasa Grand Hotel. The casino offers about 100 slot machines and 7 gaming tables. To discover more about gambling in the Democratic Republic of the Congo or to explore all of the casinos there please see our gambling guide . Djibouti is located in the Horn of Africa and bordered by Eritrea, Ethiopia, and Somalia with Red Sea and Gulf of Aden coastlines. Due to conflicts in several nearby countries, it may not be safe for Westerners to travel there due to porous borders. The Safari Casino at Djibouti Palace Kempinski is the newest gaming venue, situated in a chic oceanfront hotel with several fine dining venues, two infinity pools, plus a spa and gym. Aden Bay Casino offers 10 tables, 65 machines, and accommodations at Sheraton Djibouti. To learn more about gambling in Djibouti or to explore these casinos in-depth please see our gambling guide . Equatorial Guinea is located on the Gulf of Guinea in West Africa. Its neighbors to the north and south are Cameroon and Gabon, respectively. The country has been a major oil producer since the 1990s. With oil comes wealth for a few and casino operators are quick to capitalize on disposable income anywhere in the world. You will find two 5-star hotels with casinos there, both owned and operated by Games World International of the UAE. There are also several smaller casinos to be found in the capital city of Malabo, on Bioko island. To explore all of the casinos of Equatorial Guinea please see our gambling guide . Eritrea is located in northeast Africa and shares borders with Sudan, Ethiopia, and Djibouti. It has a long Red Sea coastline near the Gulf of Aden. Visitors to the capital city of Asmara will find mixed cultures and Italian colonial-era buildings. Egyptian and Turkish architecture is also found there. There are no casinos in Eritrea . Ethiopia is a landlocked country situated in the Horn of Africa. There are no casinos in Ethiopia and travel there by westerners is strongly cautioned against by the U.S. Department of State. Civil unrest and the genuine possibility of detention by the government, which is known to arbitrarily shut down the internet, phone service, and even cellular data services indicates that Ethiopia is not a place to visit in the current political climate. The French Southern Territories comprises several islands and small parts of Antarctica in the southern Indian Ocean. Although there are no permanent inhabitants in the region, about 200 people reside there at any given time, staying from six months to a year for research or military purposes. There are no casinos in any of the five districts. Gabon is situated along the Coast of Africa with North and South Atlantic shorelines as the equator bisects the country. Gabon is home to diverse wildlife and much of the wild habitat is protected. There are eight national parks in Gabon including  Loango National Park which features a 60 mile run of virgin beach adjacent to a tropical rainforest with leopards, gorillas, elephants, and monkeys. There is one casino in Gabon . Casino Croisette is located in the capital city of Libreville and is open 24 hours a day. Gambia is a small country in West Africa with a small Atlantic Ocean coastline, otherwise, it is landlocked by Senegal. Gambling was legal in Gambia until March 02, 2015, when the government banned all forms of gambling there. In part, the presidential release stated: “The Government of The Gambia hereby announces that it has banned lotteries, casinos and all forms of gambling in The Gambia with effect from Monday, 2nd March 2015. All operators of these services and establishments are hereby instructed to cease operations from the effective date." To learn more about the casinos of neighboring Senegal please see our gambling guide here . Ghana is a country in West Africa that sits on the Gulf of Guinea in the North Atlantic Ocean and shares borders with Togo, Burkina Faso, and Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast). There are about half a dozen casinos in the country overseen by the Ghana Gaming Commission under the Gaming Act of 2006. The capital city is Accra which has about 75 miles of coastline. Most of the country's casinos are found here. There are also two casinos in Tema and one in Kumasi . Casino currency is the local Cedi (Ghc) for table play but slots are played in US$. Casinos collect a VAT tax on winnings and you must be at least 18 to gamble in Ghana. Victoria Casino Accra offers the most gaming action of any casino in the country with over 1,300 slots, craps and roulette tables, bars and lounges and accommodations at Frankie's Hotel. There is a Millionaire Casino in Accra and one in Kumasi, as well as the Golden Dragon Casino and Casino Crown in Tema . To explore all of the casinos and gambling options in Ghana please see our gambling guide here . Guinea is a West African country situated on the Atlantic Ocean and bordered by Guinea-Bissau and Sierra Leone on the coast.The capital city is Conakry, located on Sangareya Bay. In addition to the modern Grand Mosque and the National Museum, Conakry is home to two casinos that operate under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Economy, Finance, and Planning. To learn more about gambling in Guinea please see our gambling guide here . Guinea-Bissau is one of the poorest countries in the world. Once held up as a model of potential African development, plans did not go as well as hoped. Infrastructure improvements in the process since the 1980s have been moderately unsatisfactory. There are no casinos in Guinea-Bissau , a country that gained independence from Portugal in 1974. The country has been besieged with civil war, military coups, and assassinations for decades. This is an African country possessing great natural beauty and resources including forests and fjord-like coastlines but one that seems to need more time to gain stability before the gaming industry gives it a second look. The Ivory Coast or Côte d'Ivoire is a located in West Africa on the Gulf of Guinea in the North Atlantic Ocean between Liberia and Ghana. The capital city is inland at Yamoussoukro but the country's sole casino is in the country's major urban center on the coast at Abidjan . The country has experienced conflict with a civil war occurring between 2002 and 2004. It is suggested that U.S. visitors enroll in the Department of State's Smart Traveler Enrollment Program (STEP) to get the latest updates and direct access to the consulate in case of further conflict. In May 2017, Groupe Lucien Barriere Casinos opened the Golden Elephant Casino at Sofitel Hotel Ivoire in Abidjan. The casino has over 17,000 sq ft of gaming space with slots, table games and poker. Locals may play poker and access the slot machines but only foreign passport holders can sit at the tables. To play slots or electronic roulette you will need to purchase a prepaid player card. Table games include blackjack, craps, and roulette. Our complete Ivory Coast gambling guide can be found here. Kenya is located in East Africa with an Indian Ocean coastline and shared borders with Tanzania, Uganda, South Sudan, Ethiopia, and Somalia. Most of the casinos are located in the capital city of Nairobi with the remainder distributed between Malindi and Mombasa on the coast. Casino Flamingo in Nairobi hosts the most gaming machines with 160. The casino also has 15 tables games and a poker room. Poker is a popular game in Kenya and offered in every casino city in the country. The gambling age in Kenya is 18. One of the nicer casino properties in Nairobi is the Regency Casino at LAICO Regency Hotel. They offer table and slot gaming until 4 am daily. The casino is a little under 10,000 sq ft and there are five dining options. For a different sort of adventure try Paradise Casino at Safari Park on Thika Road offering slots, casino classic table games plus Tai Sai (sic-bo) and a poker room. There are some very nice casinos on the coast like the Sentrim Castle Royal Hotel & Casino and Golden Key Casino. Enjoy premiere seafood at The Tamarind, downstairs. To explore all of the casinos and other gambling options in Kenya, please visit our gambling guide . Lesotho is a high-altitude, landlocked kingdom entirely surrounded by South Africa. While Sun International had operated two casinos there in the past, only one remains. AVANI Lesotho Hotel & Casino (formerly Lesotho Sun) is still operated by the major conglomerate after being sold in 2014. The 5-star MINT property offers first class accommodations, fine dining, and several bars and lounges in addition to a casino with 71 slot machines and 14 tables featuring blackjack and roulette. AVANI Maseru Hotel is still in operation on Orphan Road but has no casino. More on gambling in Lesotho can be found in our gambling guide . Liberia is a country located on the West African coast of the Atlantic Ocean with longstanding ties to the U.S. It is the only African republic to gain independence without revolution and is the continent's first and oldest modern republic. Although it has faced troubles since 1980, Liberia has since stabilized and is the home of two casinos in Monrovia, the nation's capital. To learn more about gambling in Liberia and to explore the casinos there, please see our gambling guide here . Libya is a North African country in the Maghreb region which includes neighbors Egypt, Sudan, and Tunisia on the Mediterranean Sea coast. In the days before 1969, when Muammar Gaddafi took power in a revolution, at least one magnificent casino was in operation in Tripoli, the nation's capital. Casino Uaddan operated in the Al Waddan Hotel from 1936 until 1969. The InterContinental Hotels Group now manages the hotel. Madagascar is a large island nation located in the Indian Ocean off the southeast coast of Africa. Due to ages of isolation, it is home to thousands of animal species found nowhere else in the world. There are four casinos on the island and a dedicated poker room about 40 minutes away from the capital, Antananarivo . All of the casinos are located in the capital city. The longest running casino is the 5-star Carlton Casino & Hotel . The casino is officially known as "Grand Cercle de Tana Casino" and features 250 slots, blackjack, roulette, and a poker room as well as restaurants, an urban club, and first class accommodations. The 4 star Colbert Hotel Casino in Antananarivo offers 3,100 square feet of gaming space with 250 slots, a restaurant and hotel with spa, 3 restaurants and 2 bars. The other casinos in Antananarivo are Slot Machines Mellis and Slot Machines Besarety. To explore details of these Madagascar casinos or learn more about gambling on the island nation see our gambling guide here . Malawi is a landlocked country in the southeastern part of Africa known for its game preserves, national parks, and the unspoiled Lake Malawi. Diving is a popular pastime in the lake's clear waters and beach resorts dot the shoreline at Cape Maclear on the Nankumba Peninsula. The Malawi Gaming Board and the National Lotteries Board regulate gambling in Malawi. Two casinos are licensed there; one in the capital city of Lilongwe and one in the Shire Highlands at Blantyre in southern Malawi. To learn more about gambling in Malawi see our gambling guide . Mali is the eighth largest country in Africa. Only about half of the 14 million residents there make more than $1.25 per day. Only about 2% of the population can even afford internet access, while that indicator of personal freedom and self-determination is rising rapidly almost everywhere else in Africa. As a predominantly Muslim country, gambling of any kind is forbidden in Mali.  However, illegal slot machines and even illegal casinos with colorful signs can easily be found, especially in the capital city of Bamako. The country of Mauritania is officially known as the Islamic Republic of Mauritania. It is an Arab-speaking nation with a North Atlantic Ocean coastline. The Sahara Desert covers much of the country. There are no casinos in Mauritania and gambling is strictly prohibited. Mauritius is a small African island nation located in the Indian Ocean about 400 miles east of Madagascar, near Reunion. It is most well known for beaches, lagoons and reefs but there are nine casinos on the island. Gambling transaction occurs in Mauritian Rupees. Currency exchange and multi-lingual customer services in English and French are usually available. Casinos have been strictly regulated since 2007. The gambling age is 21. Casinos are to be found in the capital, Port Louis , Grand Baie, Curepipe, and Ebene. Le Caudan Waterfront Casino in Port Louis offers 16 table games and 214 machines, while Casino de Maurice in Curepipe offers more than 170 slot machine games, table games, card games, and video poker. TI Vegas , at FunWorld Leisure Center in Grand Baie offers poker, slots, electronic roulette, sic-bo and blackjack in a small space. You can find casino cruises out of Ebene as well. To explore all of the betting opportunities on and off the island check out our Mauritius gambling guide . Mayotte is an island chain between Madagascar and Mozambique in the Indian Ocean. It was ceded to France in 1843 and although other islands in the Comoros group voted for independence in the 1970s, Mayotte decided to remain a French collective. The customs and culture remain Muslim but the laws are French. There are no casinos in Mayotte . Morocco is a country in North African country with Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea coastlines. It is bordered by Algeria and Mauritania and is about 10 miles from Spain and 15 miles from Gibraltar across the Straight of Gibraltar to the north. Morocco is one of the only predominantly Muslim countries to allow gambling. Casino de Marrakech in the Es Saadi Hotel was the first to open in 1952. Mazagan Beach & Golf Resort in El Jadida is the biggest casino in Morocco with 46 gaming tables, 10 poker tables, and 467 machines. Gamblers do not pay taxes on their winnings, the casinos do. You must be 18 to gamble in Morocco. Casablanca, Fez, and Rabat are sites well worth visiting when you are not in the opulent casinos of Morocco. Most all of the casinos present paradisaical surroundings even though Casino Le Mirage is obviously landscaped. Es Saadi Gardens & Resort Marrakech offers some of the lushest surroundings. For golfers not traveling to Mazagan Beach El Jadida, the Atlantic Palace Casino Resort in Agadir is sure to satisfy your needs. To learn more about the seven casinos of Morocco please see our gambling guide here . Mozambique is located below the equator in eastern Africa. The country has a long Indian Ocean coastline and the closest major island off its coast is Madagascar. Formerly a Portuguese colony, Mozambique has undertaken a modernization of its casino industry. In 2017 it was decided to group all new casino closer together for a 'cluster effect' with a minimum distance of 100m rather than the previous 5km. Cities were given classifications for casino density and additional casino licenses were authorized, paving the way for increased development in the casino sector. In 2017 there were 5 casinos in Mozambique . Maputo Polana Casino offers over 120 slot machines plus semi-automatic multi-player roulette tables. There are 16 roulette terminals in the casino. The same company runs Matola Slots with 50 machines about 20km away. For true table games try Nautilus Casino in Nampula or the Libombos Hotel & Casino in Namaacha. Casino Marina in Beira offers accommodations, a spa, gym, and meeting space. For updates and a complete rundown of gambling in Mozambique please see our gambling guide here . Namibia is a country in southwest Africa with a desert coastline along the Atlantic Ocean. Two casinos are located in the capital city of Windhoek which is located in the center of the country and one is located in Swakopmund which is coastal. Swakopmund is home to German colonial-era buildings built around the turn of the 20th Century. A moratorium was issued in 1997 stopping the issuance of any further casino licenses until the Gaming and Entertainment Control Bill, authorized in 2014, is updated. Namibia gained independence from South Africa in 1990. The Mermaid Casino is located in Swakopmund offering table games, slots, a modern hotel, cinemas, golf, and desert tours. Desert Jewel Casino in Windhoek features 15,000 sq ft of gaming space with table games and slots, a hotel, golf and more. The AVANI Windhoek Hotel & Casino , downtown, offers a cosmopolitan city casino experience with pools, spas, and adventures into the desert. You can find out more about gambling in Namibia by reading our gambling guide . Niger is a West African almost entirely comprised of Sahara Desert land and named after the Niger River, which runs through it and eventually into the Gulf of Guinea in the Atlantic Ocean. As recently as 2016, Lydia Ludic operated a casino inside the Hotel Gaweye in the capital and largest city in the country, Niamey. However, the casino seems to have closed. To read all about gambling in Niger and keep up with the latest casino news, please see our gambling guide here . Nigeria is a federal republic located in West Africa with a southern coast on the Gulf of Guinea in the North Atlantic Ocean. Nigeria shares borders with  Cameroon, Chad, Niger, and Benin. Lagos is the biggest city while Abuja is the capital. Although one of the biggest economies in Africa, Nigeria is a troubled state with occasional conflicts arising. Casino licenses and properties seem to come and go. One notable exception is the 5-star Federal Palace Hotel & Casino in Lagos. The casino is open 24/7 and offers over 100 slots and 10 gaming tables with blackjack, roulette, and poker. Table hours are 7 pm to 4 am. To learn more about gambling in Nigeria see our gambling guide . The Republic of the Congo commonly referred to as Congo-Brazzaville, and should not be confused with its neighbor, the much larger Democratic Republic of the Congo. About 80% of the world's surviving chimpanzees are found in the country which also has the densest population of gorillas in the world. The coastal city of Pointe-Noire offers casino gambling not far from the Antonio Agostinho Neto International Airport. Read our gambling guide to learn more about the casinos of the Congo . Réunion or Reunion Island (formerly Île Bourbon; Tamil) is a French regional island in the Indian Ocean situated east of Madagascar and southwest of Mauritius. There are three casinos on the island; in the prefecture of Saint-Pierre, the commune of Saint-Denis, and at L’Ermitage les Bains on the extreme west side of the island near Saint Gilles. Réunion is the most prosperous island in the Indian Ocean. As an integral part of the French Republic, the island enjoys the same status as Metropolitan France and is part of the EU. Casino de Saint-Denis offers over 100 slot machines, blackjack, roulette, and an opulently appointed poker room just across the boulevard from the beach. Casino de Saint-Gilles (Casino Zarlor Ermitage Resort) is located about 200 meters from L'Ermitage-Les-Bains (Hermitage Beach) near St. Gilles and offers blackjack, roulette, Ultimate Poker and slot machines along with Hold'em cash games and tournaments in the Le Cercle poker room. In Saint Pierre, you'll find Casino du Sud at Villa Delisle Hotel Spa and Casino. Casino du Sud offers 80 slots and 5 gaming tables. For an in-depth review of any of the casinos of Réunion or to find out more about gambling there please see our gambling guide . Rwanda is located in East Central Africa just south of the equator in the African Great Lakes region. The capital city is Kigali, and this is where you will find the country's first and only casino.  Casino Kigali is situated in the Lemigo Hotel. The casino originally opened in the Top Tower Hotel in 2008 but moved to the Lemigo in 2015. Visitors to Casino Kigali will find 5 gaming tables, 2 eight-station Alfa Street electronic roulette machines and 30 multi-game consoles with a selection of over 100 games. Read more about gambling in Rwanda in our gambling guide here . St Helena, including Tristan da Cunha and Ascension Island, is a British Overseas Territory in the South Atlantic Ocean. Known by some tourism professionals as the "Secret of the Atlantic," the territory is very remote and located over 1,200 miles from the coast of West Africa. St Helena has a sub-tropical climate and diverse wildlife. There are no gambling facilities in St Helena . Sao Tome and Principe is an island close to the equator in Africa. The islands and islets comprising the country are part of a volcanic chain known as the Bight of Bonny Islands. One of the most visited natural wonders of the Isle of Sao Tome is the Lagoa Azul lagoon, or Blue lagoon, named for the hue of its waters. Sao Tome and Principe is the second smallest country in all of Africa, larger only than Seychelles. It is the smallest Portuguese speaking country in the world. Visitors to the capital city of Sao Tome will find slot machines at the small seaside ocean resort; Pestana Sao Tome. Senegal is a country in West Africa with a North Atlantic Ocean coastline. Senegal has a French Colonial heritage in the modern era and many natural attractions. Dakar is the capital and all but one of the casinos are located there. The other casino is located in Saly, about 90 minutes away down the coast. Casino games available in Senegal include blackjack, roulette, video poker, poker, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, and bingo. It is always wise to check with your state department before planning travel in many parts of Africa. Although Senegal, and especially Dakar and Saly are stable, some neighboring countries may not be. One of the most beautiful casinos in Senegal is Terrou Bi Casino and Hotel . The surroundings are breathtaking and the casino and poker areas are opulently appointed.  The first casino you may have an opportunity to visit may be Casino du Cap Vert Airport Hotel . There is a poker room, 5 gaming tables, and 70 slots. At Casino Du Port Dakar you'll find  100 slots, Video Poker, and electronic Bingo machines along with electronic roulette and five traditional tables offering roulette, blackjack, and house-banked poker games. The poker room runs cash games and frequent tournaments. To see all of the casinos of Senegal and learn about more gambling opportunities please see our gambling guide . Seychelles is an archipelago nation comprising about 100 islands off East Africa in the Indian Ocean. The largest island is Mahé, known for its granite peaks and white sand beaches. All of the country's casinos are found on Mahé. The capital, Victoria is home to the Gran Kaz Entertainment Center with about 150 slot machines. Nearby in Bel Ombre , you'll find Berjaya Beau Vallon Bay Resort & Casino offering 25 tables and over 100 slots along with fine dining, accommodations, and beaches. Near the southern end of the island of Mahé, Club Liberté and Casino Paradiso at Kempinski Resort offer visitors gambling, accommodations, and amenities in Baie Lazare.  The Four Seasons Resort where you'll find Club Liberté offers ocean view rooms and beachside dining. For more information on the casinos of Seychelles please visit our gambling guide . Sierra Leone is a West African country with an Atlantic Ocean coastline. It borders Guinea and Liberia. Travel after dark outside the capital is not suggested. The capital, Freetown , is known for white sand beaches, historical landmarks, and mixed culture. There is one casino in Sierre Leone and it is located on the Man of War Bay on the Freetown peninsula. The Casino at Lagoonda Hotel at Aberdeen in Freetown opened on June 3, 2016, and is operated by Games World International (GWI) and is the first casino in the region to use digital gaming technology. To find out more about this Freetown casino or gambling in Sierre Leone please see our gambling guide here . Somalia is an impoverished country located in the Horn of Africa with coastlines on the Arabian Sea including the Gulf of Aden. There is no legal form of gambling in Somalia. There are reports of illegal gambling dens, but westerners should not even consider visiting the country without very good reason. There is no U.S. Embassy presence in Somalia and that should be a good enough indicator of the advisability of traveling anywhere in the country. South Africa a country located on the southern tip of the African continent. Tourism is a key driver of South Africa's national economy. Gambling has been heavily regulated in the country since 1673, but by 1995 over 2,000 illegal casinos were in operation. The National Gambling Act was instituted in 1996 initially authorizing 40 gambling licenses . Up to 50,000 limited payout machines are also authorized for deployment. The major casino players are Sun International, Tsogo Sun Holdings, Peermont Global, London Clubs International, Northern Cape Casino Consultants and Niveus Investments. The first casino to open was Sun City Casino Resort in 1979. All of the major cities have casinos with Cape Town hosting GrandWest Casino & Entertainment World , the country's largest casino. One of the most recent additions is Sun International's Time Square Casino Menlyn Maine in the capital city of Pretoria with 2,000 gaming machines and 60 tables. Emperors Palace Casino in Johannesburg is another large casino with several hotels and multiple entertainment venues. If you would like to read in-depth South African casino profiles or learn more about the gambling opportunities there, please see our gambling guide . South Sudan is a country in northeastern Africa that broke off from Sudan after several civil wars. A referendum held in 2011 saw over 98% of citizens there vote to become an independent state. The capital and largest city are Juba. Although a member of the United Nations and a signatory to the Geneva Conventions, South Sudan is considered to be the most fragile state in the world, surpassing even Somalia. There are no casinos in South Sudan. Sudan is an Islamic state with no legal gambling. Sudan is sometimes known now as North Sudan after the southern part of the country seceded, Historically Sudan has been known as Nubia and the Kingdom of Kush. It is currently the third largest country in Africa. Sudan has a Red Sea shoreline and borders Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, South Sudan, the Central African Republic, Chad, and Libya. Westerners and especially U.S. citizens are cautioned not to travel to Sudan. Swaziland is a small, landlocked country located in southern Africa. The casino industry has been regulated there since 1963 and at least one bricks and mortar casino offers online gaming as well. The monarchy's royal and legislative capital is in Lobamba but the administrative seat of government is Mbabane , the largest city. Here you'll find the upscale Royal Swazi Spa and Casino with luxury rooms and amenities along with attractions like hiking, horse riding, a Spa, golf course and three eateries. The casino offers poker, 152 slots, and 11 gaming tables. Nhlangano Casino Royale is a small casino hotel in Shiselweni offering 45 rooms in a beautiful setting. Reports indicate that this is a rather quiet place with a few tables and about 50 slots. Happy Valley Casino & Hotel Ezulweni presents a busier atmosphere with casino elegance including private gaming rooms. Piggs Peak Hotel and Casino is located in the northern part of Swaziland and has a cinema, wellness center and spa, and a 5,500 sq ft casinos with 8 tables and 47 machines. Learn more about gambling in Swaziland by reading our gambling guide . Tanzania is an East African country located above Mozambique and below Kenya and Uganda, it has a long Indian Ocean coastline on its eastern perimeter. The National Investments Promotions and Protection Act of 1992 kickstarted the casino and hospitality industry in Tanzania after earlier economic reforms were implemented in 1985. There are about 10 casinos in the country, with the majority of them located in the major coastal city of Dar es Salaam . There are also casinos in Arusha , near the border with Kenya and at Mwanza , less than a mile from Lake Victoria in the far north. Le Grande Casino in Dar es Salaam offers 15 table games and over 200 slots and other gaming machines. A buffet is offered nightly. As its name suggests, Sea Cliff Resort & Casino is perched on a cliff overlooking the Indian Ocean. The 6,500 sq ft casino features 16 tables and 140 slot machines, villas, guest rooms, and eateries. In Arusha you'll find the Safari Casino at the magnificent Arusha Hotel. The property is the gateway to the Serengeti National Park and Ngorongoro Crater. The small casino has 4 tables and about three dozen slots. Kings Casino at New Mwanza Hotel is a great place to play and stay if you are visiting Lake Victoria in the northern part of the country. To explore all of the casinos of Tanzania in detail please see our gambling guide. Togo is a West African country on the Gulf of Guinea with a little more than 20 miles of coastline, where the greatest concentration of the nation's roughly seven and a half million people live. Togo is sandwiched between Ghana and Benin and shares a small northern border with Burkina Faso. Although there used to be a casino at Hotel Palm Beach in the capital city of Lome, there doesn't seem to be any casino in operation in Togo as of 2017. Tunisia is a country in North Africa, directly across the Mediterranean Sea from Italy. It shares borders with Algeria and Libya across the Sahara Desert. Like other predominantly Muslim countries such as Egypt and Morocco, Tunisia allows casino gambling, but Tunisia bans sports betting and parimutuel betting on horse races. Pasino Djerba ( Le Grand Casino De Djerba ) is a magnificent venue with 20 gaming tables, 97 machines, an entertainment hall accommodating 1,200 people, and a full range of entertainment options for families including shops, fine dining and more. South of the capital of Tunis you will find casinos in Hammamet and Sousse. La Medina Casino Hammamet features slots, blackjack, English Roulette, Stud Poker and Texas Hold’em Poker. Further south are two more casinos. Casino Europe Sousse offers lots, Vegas style casino games and Punto Banco (Baccarat). Cesar Hotel & Casino Sousse by Gala Hotels offers slots, tables, and a 4-star hotel. Check out our Tunisia gambling guide for more information. Uganda is located in East Africa and is bordered by Rwanda, The Congo, South Sudan, Kenya, and Tanzania. It shares Lake Victoria with Tanzania and Kenya. The capital, Kampala , is near the lake but no casinos are located on its shores. In 2014 there were over 2,000 lotteries, casinos and gaming and pool betting operators. In 2016 the government amended the Lotteries and Gaming Act. There are less than half a dozen casinos in Uganda, most of them in the capital city. In Kampala, one of the newest casinos in Casino Simba , operated by Pasha Global. It is the largest casino in the country with 6,684 sq ft of gaming space, over 130 machines and 22 tables and poker games. Kampala Casino is modern and vibrant even though it is the oldest in the country. The 4,304 sq ft casino offers 57 gaming machines and a large variety of tables like pontoon, blackjack, roulette, and 3-card poker along with live entertainment. To explore all of the casinos of Uganda and learn more about other gambling opportunities in the country please see our gambling guide here . Western Sahara is a territory located in the Maghreb region of North Africa. It is partially occupied by its northern neighbor, Morocco. It shares a small border with Algeria and a long uneven border to the south and east with Mauritania. Although there has been a UN-monitored cease-fire since 1991, travel there is not recommended. The territory has thousands of unexploded land mines. There are no casinos in the immediate area. There are safe casinos in Morocco . Zambia is a landlocked country in southern Africa. The population is mainly centered around the capital city of Lusaka in the south-central part of the country, and in the Copperbelt Province to the northwest. One casino is located in the capital, Lusaka and the other is located about 475km (300 miles) away in the former southern provincial capital of Livingstone .  Zambia is establishing a National Gambling Board. The minimum age to gamble in Zambia is 18. Small slot parlors, internet cafes open and close frequently in Zambia but the two casinos listed were in operation as of the time of this review. The Great Wall Casino is located at the corner of  Kafue Road & Lumumba Road in Lusaka near the Downtown Shopping Complex. They offer more than 70 slot machines, 6 roulette tables, 4 Caribbean Stud tables and two Texas Hold'em poker tables. The New Fairmount Hotel & Casino in Livingstone offers a nightclub, restaurant, and hotel. To learn more about gambling in Zimbabwe please visit our casino guide here . Zimbabwe is a landlocked southern African country with about 20 casinos. They are far-flung from Victoria Falls in the west to Melsetter in the east. The capital city of Harare has four casinos and two racecourses while Mutare has three. Casino winnings are subject to a withholding tax of 15%, the minimum gambling age is 18, and there is no official currency so you may play or paid out in a variety of currency with the USD being most common. The Regency Casino Harare & Rainbow Towers Hotel in the heart of town is the largest casino in Zimbabwe with 160 machines, 12 tables, and a 4.5-star hotel with over 300 guest rooms. Over near the Zambia border on the Zambezi River, you'll find the Makasa Sun Casino at the Victoria Falls Viewpoint center. The 7,800 sq ft casino is serviced by The Kingdom Hotel and offers a handful of table games and about 50 slots. Near Mutare, the Montclair Resort & Casino offers a family-friendly retreat complete with a casino, horseback riding, golf, nature hikes and more. To find out more about all of the casinos in Zimbabwe or to book a room please see our gambling guide . Afghanistan is a war torn Islamic republic in the southern part of Central Asia. The former Soviet Union invaded the country on Dec 25, 1979, and the war officially ended on Feb 15, 1989. After more than ten years of warlord rule and civil war, the U.S. started a covert operation in September 2001 and an air campaign in concert with the UK on 7 October 2001. U.S.  troops and advisors were still in Afghanistan in 2017. Afghanistan has no gambling law, regulations, or casinos. Armenia is a former Soviet republic situated in the Caucasus mountains in an area sometimes known as Asia and sometimes considered to be European. It is currently defined geographically as an Asian country. As of 2017, there were four casinos operating in Armenia, with a fifth planned to open in 2019. The existing casinos are located about 2km from Yerevan city limits in the Pharaon leisure and entertainment complex and in Tsaghkadzor. The fifth casino is slated to open in Yerevan's Dvin Hotel. Please see our gambling guide for more information about gambling in Armenia . Azerbaijan is a former Soviet republic located on the Caspian Sea. The country's interior includes part of the Caucasus Mountain range. Azerbaijan is bordered by Russia, Georgia, Armenia, and Iran. There were at least a dozen casinos operating in Azerbaijan prior to 1998 when then-President Heydar Aliyev issued an edict banning all forms of gambling. Most of the casinos were in and around the capital city of Baku. Some had colorful names, like Mafia Club Casino. Sports betting and lotteries have been allowed since 2013. The country of Georgia in the CIS (former Soviet states) sits on the Black Sea sharing borders with Russia and Turkey as well as Armenia and Azerbaijan. The casinos in Georgia are located in the seaside town of Batumi and further inland in the capital city of Tbilisi . In addition to the waterfront vacation area of Batumi and the historic attractions of Tbilisi, visitors usually travel to Svaneti and Borjomi. Casino Adjara in Tbilisi is the largest casino with over 600 slots and 75 table games and a poker club. The casino has a hotel, spa, and convention center. In Batumi, the grand Golden Palace Batumi presents a welcome destination with poker, blackjack, roulette, slots and upscale accommodations and amenities. The Leogrand Hotel & Casino Batumi is a modern wonder overlooking the Black Sea coast. Explore more of the casinos in the country by visiting our Georgia casinos and gambling guide. India has casinos on land in first class hotels and on riverboats, currently on the Mandovi River. Most of the casinos are in the state of Goa with a few in Sikkim and one in Daman. The Deltin Group is India's largest casino operator with land and water based casinos. Many of the river casinos also have partner hotel and nightlife establishments. Casino Mahjong at Mayfair Spa Resort in Gangtok, Sikkim offers gaming as part of a spa resort getaway with 24/7 gaming and valet parking. Zuri White Sands Casino Resort in Goa offers an Indian Ocean beachfront experience along with a small casino. The Deltin Daman offers over 1,000 gaming machines and 30 tables inside a 5 star hotel with all the amenities. For a riverboat experience, the Pride 2 offers live dealer games along with the electronic versions found on land. India offers a diverse variety of gambling opportunities. You can learn more by visiting our gambling guide . Kazakhstan is a Central Asian country in the CIS (former Soviet States) bordering China and Russia with shorelines on the Aral and Caspian Seas. The capital of Astana receives well-to-do tourists seeking opera and other entertainment. Gambling zones were created to control commerce better and localize economic development. There are currently 6 casinos in operation with 5 in Kapchagay and one in Borovoe . Although Casino Altyn Alma in Kapchagay offers more gaming action than any other casino, Cash Ville Casino & Poker Club , the lone casino in Borovoe, sees plenty of action on Lake Shuchie. Casino Altyn Alma at Altyn Alma City in Kapchagay may contain several satellite casinos. The casino offers VIP service, first class rooms, taxis, and several restaurants offering international fare. To learn more about all of the casinos in the country, please visit our Kazakhstan gambling guide . Kyrgyzstan banned most gambling activities in 2011 and closed the last of its casinos in 2015. However, in early 2016 the government announced plans to create an integrated resort facility with casino gambling available only to foreign passport holders. The complex would be located about 25km from the country’s capital Bishkek. Pakistan is an Islamic republic in western Asia that shares borders with Iran, Afghanistan, and India. Pakistan's northeastern border with China is not clearly demarcated. Pakistan also has nearly 500 miles of coastline on the Arabian Sea. Although outlawed by the Prevention of Gambling Act of 1977  and the Balochistan Prevention of Gambling Act 1978, many Pakistanis are fervent gamblers who take pleasure in placing illegal wagers sports contests and horse races. Sri Lanka is an island nation that sits off the coast of India and attracts visitors to its ancient ruins as well as modern cities like Colombo. All of the casinos are in the capital city which features a rich mix of the colonial and modern architecture. Many of the casinos here are named to inspire visions of Las Vegas. The largest casino is Casino Marina Colombo . Luxurious and modern, separate areas are provided for VIP and mass gaming customers. Bally's Casino Colombo offers over 100 gaming tables and slot machines with live betting available. Bellagio Entertainment Sri Lanka is focused primarily on the casino gambler with over 30 tables and a small handful of slot machines. All three casinos are opulently appointed and offer first class service. If you want to learn more about gambling in Sri Lanka, check out our gambling guide here . Tajikistan is a predominantly Muslim country in Central Asia bordered by Afghanistan, China, Kyrgyzstan, and Uzbekistan. Tourist trade there is mostly centered around mountain climbing and hiking. Near the capital city of Dushanbe visitors will find the Fann Mountains which rise to an elevation of over 15,000 feet above sea level and some 14,000 feet above the city. Gambling in any form is strictly prohibited anywhere in Tajikistan . Turkmenistan is located between Uzbekistan and Iran in Central Asia. Although there may be several unauthorized gambling dens and small underground casinos in clubs, there is only one known commercial casino in the country still in operation, and it is part of a pub and nightclub across from the Grand Turkmen Hotel in Ashgabat. There was formerly a casino in the Grand. The Florida Club is an entertainment center comprised of the Florida Club itself, the British Pub, a restaurant and a small casino. Uzbekistan is a former Soviet republic situated in Central Asia. Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Afghanistan share borders with Uzbekistan. The country suffix, "stan" is an old world Persian and/or Farsi word that roughly translated, means homeland or place of. A predominantly Muslim country, Uzbekistan does not allow gambling and actually tightened up controls after leaving the Soviet Union. Billiards were banned in 2002 because too many were betting on game outcomes. Neighboring Kazakhstan offers several casinos, mostly concentrated around Kapchagay. While most people come to Belize for Caribbean or jungle adventures, there are a few nice hotel and casino properties. So after a day exploring the massive Belize Barrier Reef nightlife awaits those who want to gamble. Aside from cruise ship casinos, you'll find the Ramada Belize City Princess in Belize City on the waterfront with about 300 slot machines, roulette, blackjack, Caribbean stud and annual poker tournaments. In the Corozal Free Zone Area between the Belize/Mexico Border, you'll find the opulently appointed Golden Princess Casino with 500 slots and 20 gaming tables including poker. In Corozal the FreeZone Princess Casino offers all the action. Nearby on the Northern Highway is the Las Vegas Hotel & Casino, open since 2006. Further inland at San Ignacio you'll find another Princess Casino. For a complete list of US casinos by state visit our gambling guide here . Costa Rica has more casinos than any other country in Central America with about 50 scattered over 18 locales. About a dozen are found in the capital city, San Jose , located in the center of the country. More 5-star casino resorts and hotels with small casinos can be found scattered throughout the country. Fiesta Casino Alajuela offers a Las Vegas-like experience and a jumping off point for nearby nightlife. You'll find small, fun beach casinos in Guanacaste . Hotel Tamarindo Diria Beach Resort, and Hotel La Flor de Itabo Resort & Casino in Playas del Coco are also good bets. Casinos are scattered across the Puntarenas province with plenty of tropical nature and beaches to explore. Playa Jaco is the closest beach to San Jose. Jacó is a party town with Hotel Cocal & Casino . In San Jose try Casino Fiesta Herradura , near the airport or Best Western Irazú Hotel & Casino . For a complete list of Costa Rican casinos and available games visit our gambling guide here . El Salvador is a small Central American country that tolerates gambling even though several laws throughout history have banned the practice outright. Lottery games are allowed, but gaming tables and slot machines can also be found, along with poker and bingo. Three true casinos exist with two in the nation's capital of San Salvador and one in San Miguel. Siesta Hotel & Casino is located near important transit hubs in San Salvador with poker, blackjack, roulette, and electronic gaming machines. Casino Crown Colonial San Salvador offers more tables and machines and about 140km to the east near Honduras you'll find Casino Crown Colonial San Miguel with poker, tables and slot machines. To learn more about gambling in El Salvador please see our gambling guide here . Guatemala offers several casinos, most are in Zone 10 of Guatemala City and near or attached to quality hotels. Some are in shopping malls. The major operators are Fantastic Casinos, Crown Colonial, and World of Princess . All of these casinos are safe and secure facilities. It is not suggested to frequent small out of the way slot parlors or other illegal gambling dens. Only lottery games are technically legal in Guatemala, but that has not stopped operators from offering games of chance. In the capital, Casino Crown Colonial Guatemala offers tables and slots. Not to be confused, the Crowne Plaza also offers a small casino. Fantastics are the most widespread with locations throughout Guatemala City and beyond. Guatemala Princess Casino offers about 20,000 sq ft of gaming space inside the Galerias Primma shopping mall. Find out all about casinos in Guatemala by reading our gambling guide here . Honduras sits on the Pacific Ocean in Central America and borders Guatemala, El Salvador, and Nicaragua. There are two casinos in the country as well as some slots parlors operated by Recreativos de Honduras such as Casino 777 in San Pedro Sula, and others in Puerto Cortes, La Ceiba, and Tegucigalpa . Gambling became legal in 1977. The main casinos in Honduras are the Hotel Excelsior and Casino and the iconic Honduras Maya Hotel & Casino Real in Tegucigalpa. Unfortunately, some of the more historical casinos have closed. Of course, there are plenty of illegal gambling dens as laws aren't enforced uniformly in the impoverished country. Tourists should be safe to stay and play at Casino Real in the 3.5-star Hotel Honduras Maya and the 3.5-star Excelsior Casino in the nation's capitol. For more about gambling in Honduras please see our gambling guide here . Nicaragua has more than a dozen casinos with most of them located near the western Pacific coast in the Managua area, or up the coast a couple of hours to Chinandega . There are also two near the east coast (South Caribbean) at Bluefields. The country didn't have a gaming law before 2011, and the law underwent major reforms in 2014. There are still hundreds of slot parlors in Nicaragua and all should be paying taxes now. Whether you travel to Nicaragua for the stunning nature or the bustling nightlife of the city, you'll find plenty of gaming action spread across the country. To play roulette, blackjack, or Caribbean Poker you'll need to visit Managua, Masaya , Chinandega, or Bluefields. Pharaoh's Casino Managua offers the most tables, while Princess Casino Managua offers the most slots. To learn more about gambling in Nicaragua please visit our gambling guide here . Panama has over 40 casinos, nearly as many as Costa Rica, but you'll find more of a Las Vegas experience here. All casinos are located in first-rate hotels with 24-hour service. Nearly half the casinos are in Panama City , the rest are spread out in nearly a dozen other towns. Private casino management was first authorized in 1997 and has contributed to a boom in tourism since. The newest casino is Casino Coclé in Penonome. Visitors will find slots, blackjack variants, roulette, craps, baccarat, Casino Hold'em and more. Most of the larger casinos offer entertainment, fine dining and other amenities you would expect. You'll find casinos at Hilton, Marriott, Sortis , Radisson, Sheraton, Wyndham , and even a Trump hotel featuring the Ocean Sun Casino . Panama uses U.S. currency, taxis are cheap, but the traffic is crazy, room rates are reasonable even at the five star properties. There's plenty of variety in cuisine whether in the city or one of the outlying resorts in David , or about an hour away at the Radisson Colón 2000 Hotel & Casino . For a complete rundown on gambling in Panama please see our Panama gambling guide . While most people come to Belize for Caribbean or jungle adventures, there are a few nice hotel and casino properties. So after a day exploring the massive Belize Barrier Reef nightlife awaits those who want to gamble. Aside from cruise ship casinos, you'll find the Ramada Belize City Princess in Belize City on the waterfront with about 300 slot machines, roulette, blackjack, Caribbean stud and annual poker tournaments. In the Corozal Free Zone Area between the Belize/Mexico Border, you'll find the opulently appointed Golden Princess Casino with 500 slots and 20 gaming tables including poker. In Corozal the FreeZone Princess Casino offers all the action. Nearby on the Northern Highway is the Las Vegas Hotel & Casino, open since 2006. Further inland at San Ignacio you'll find another Princess Casino. For a complete list of US casinos by state visit our gambling guide here . Costa Rica has more casinos than any other country in Central America with about 50 scattered over 18 locales. About a dozen are found in the capital city, San Jose , located in the center of the country. More 5-star casino resorts and hotels with small casinos can be found scattered throughout the country. Fiesta Casino Alajuela offers a Las Vegas-like experience and a jumping off point for nearby nightlife. You'll find small, fun beach casinos in Guanacaste . Hotel Tamarindo Diria Beach Resort, and Hotel La Flor de Itabo Resort & Casino in Playas del Coco are also good bets. Casinos are scattered across the Puntarenas province with plenty of tropical nature and beaches to explore. Playa Jaco is the closest beach to San Jose. Jacó is a party town with Hotel Cocal & Casino . In San Jose try Casino Fiesta Herradura , near the airport or Best Western Irazú Hotel & Casino . For a complete list of Costa Rican casinos and available games visit our gambling guide here . El Salvador is a small Central American country that tolerates gambling even though several laws throughout history have banned the practice outright. Lottery games are allowed, but gaming tables and slot machines can also be found, along with poker and bingo. Three true casinos exist with two in the nation's capital of San Salvador and one in San Miguel. Siesta Hotel & Casino is located near important transit hubs in San Salvador with poker, blackjack, roulette, and electronic gaming machines. Casino Crown Colonial San Salvador offers more tables and machines and about 140km to the east near Honduras you'll find Casino Crown Colonial San Miguel with poker, tables and slot machines. To learn more about gambling in El Salvador please see our gambling guide here . Guatemala offers several casinos, most are in Zone 10 of Guatemala City and near or attached to quality hotels. Some are in shopping malls. The major operators are Fantastic Casinos, Crown Colonial, and World of Princess . All of these casinos are safe and secure facilities. It is not suggested to frequent small out of the way slot parlors or other illegal gambling dens. Only lottery games are technically legal in Guatemala, but that has not stopped operators from offering games of chance. In the capital, Casino Crown Colonial Guatemala offers tables and slots. Not to be confused, the Crowne Plaza also offers a small casino. Fantastics are the most widespread with locations throughout Guatemala City and beyond. Guatemala Princess Casino offers about 20,000 sq ft of gaming space inside the Galerias Primma shopping mall. Find out all about casinos in Guatemala by reading our gambling guide here . Honduras sits on the Pacific Ocean in Central America and borders Guatemala, El Salvador, and Nicaragua. There are two casinos in the country as well as some slots parlors operated by Recreativos de Honduras such as Casino 777 in San Pedro Sula, and others in Puerto Cortes, La Ceiba, and Tegucigalpa . Gambling became legal in 1977. The main casinos in Honduras are the Hotel Excelsior and Casino and the iconic Honduras Maya Hotel & Casino Real in Tegucigalpa. Unfortunately, some of the more historical casinos have closed. Of course, there are plenty of illegal gambling dens as laws aren't enforced uniformly in the impoverished country. Tourists should be safe to stay and play at Casino Real in the 3.5-star Hotel Honduras Maya and the 3.5-star Excelsior Casino in the nation's capitol. For more about gambling in Honduras please see our gambling guide here . Nicaragua has more than a dozen casinos with most of them located near the western Pacific coast in the Managua area, or up the coast a couple of hours to Chinandega . There are also two near the east coast (South Caribbean) at Bluefields. The country didn't have a gaming law before 2011, and the law underwent major reforms in 2014. There are still hundreds of slot parlors in Nicaragua and all should be paying taxes now. Whether you travel to Nicaragua for the stunning nature or the bustling nightlife of the city, you'll find plenty of gaming action spread across the country. To play roulette, blackjack, or Caribbean Poker you'll need to visit Managua, Masaya , Chinandega, or Bluefields. Pharaoh's Casino Managua offers the most tables, while Princess Casino Managua offers the most slots. To learn more about gambling in Nicaragua please visit our gambling guide here . Panama has over 40 casinos, nearly as many as Costa Rica, but you'll find more of a Las Vegas experience here. All casinos are located in first-rate hotels with 24-hour service. Nearly half the casinos are in Panama City , the rest are spread out in nearly a dozen other towns. Private casino management was first authorized in 1997 and has contributed to a boom in tourism since. The newest casino is Casino Coclé in Penonome. Visitors will find slots, blackjack variants, roulette, craps, baccarat, Casino Hold'em and more. Most of the larger casinos offer entertainment, fine dining and other amenities you would expect. You'll find casinos at Hilton, Marriott, Sortis , Radisson, Sheraton, Wyndham , and even a Trump hotel featuring the Ocean Sun Casino . Panama uses U.S. currency, taxis are cheap, but the traffic is crazy, room rates are reasonable even at the five star properties. There's plenty of variety in cuisine whether in the city or one of the outlying resorts in David , or about an hour away at the Radisson Colón 2000 Hotel & Casino . For a complete rundown on gambling in Panama please see our Panama gambling guide . Albania is a landlocked country in the Balkan region of Eastern Europe with Adriatic and Ionian coastlines and bordered by Montenegro, Kosovo, Macedonia, and Greece. The capital city is Tirana , and that is where Regency Casino Tirana is, in the heart of the Taiwan Center complex. There are also more than 50 Admiral Clubs and Astra Clubs between Tirana and another dozen other cities spread throughout the country. A new law passed in 2015 provides for taxation changes and establishes categories for casinos located in 5-star hotels, resort casinos, and electronic games at a distance. All electronic equipment must be connected to the government's new Central Online Monitoring System (COMS) giving the government real-time data about turnover, profits, and participants in the games. Tirana currently has over 20 gambling venues including the Regency Casino, while Durres hosts 6 with Korce and Elbasan each having 3. All other cities and towns with Admiral or Astra Clubs have 1 or 2 facilities. Regency Casino Tirana offers 240 gaming machines available 24 hours a day as well as 20 gaming tables offering blackjack, roulette, and stud poker. VIP rooms are available. To find a casino in a particular city, or to learn more about gambling in Romania please see our gambling guide here . Belarus is an Eastern European country that shares borders with neighbors Russia, Poland, Lithuania, and Ukraine. All of the country's casinos are located in the capital, Minsk . When Russia outlawed casinos in 2009, before establishing and populating gambling zones beginning with the soon to be defunct Azov-City in Rostov Oblast, Russians swarmed to Minsk to gamble. A presidential decree in 2005 dealt with the 25 casinos in operation then, today there is about a dozen still operating. A few of the most popular casinos in Minsk are the Diamond Princess Casino in the central part of town inside Crown Plaza Hotel, a historic building restored to opulence by Princess. The casino has over 100 electronic gaming machines and 12 tables offering blackjack, roulette, and poker games. Belaya Veja Casino Minsk offers 77 Novomatic cabinets and 13 gaming tables. Casino Shangri La and X.O. Club are also very popular with the Casino X.O. Club Minsk entertaining high rollers and others with live entertainment, a poker club, sports betting, a restaurant, 11 tables, and Novomatic slots. You can find out more about gambling in Minsk by reading our Belarus gambling guide . Bosnia and Herzegovina is a Balkan state in Eastern Europe with about a 5-mile access area to the Adriatic Sea that cuts through Croatia's coastline. It is bordered by Croatia, Montenegro, and Serbia. The capital city of Sarajevo is home to largest and only true casino in the country. There are also nearly 20 Admiral Clubs spread over 16 cities and all of them offer poker and slots machines. Legislators have struggled to codify gambling law to include betting shops and the number of unregulated betting points is estimated to be over 3,000. If you find yourself in Sarajevo, the Coloseum Club Gaming and Entertainment Center offers 12 tables with roulette, blackjack, Texas Hold'em, Ultimate Texas Hold'em Poker and Hit draw progressive poker as well as 110 slots and electronic tables. Bulgaria is an Eastern European country with shores along the Black Sea and shared borders with Turkey, Greece, Macedonia, Serbia, and Romania. The country's most recent gambling law went into effect on 30 June 2012 under the supervision of the State Commission on Gambling and the Minister of Finance. There are about 20 casinos in Bulgaria with half a dozen of those located in the capital city of Sophia . The Star Princess and Princess Nymphes Casinos in Svilengrad enjoy traffic from Turkey as well as Greece due to their locations near where the three country's borders intersect. Just off the coast at the 5 star Golden Sands Resort in Varna, sits the International Hotel Casino and Tower Suites . It features a theater, spa, salon, multiple food and beverage venues, Skyfall pool, a poker room, 11 table games and 100 slot machines. Another large casino is the Sofia Princess Casino with 220 machines and 16 tables with accommodations available at the Ramada Sofia City Center Hotel. There are also Princess casinos in Saedinenie, and Plovdiv , in addition to two in Sofia and two in Svilengrad. Please see our Bulgaria gambling guide for more information and gaming opportunities in Bulgaria. Croatia is a Balkan country in Eastern Europe bordered by Bosnia-Herzegovina, Hungary, Serbia, and Slovenia with Adriatic sea shores. There are about a dozen casinos in Croatia. The EU approved Croatia's gaming laws in 2014. The country's capital, Zagreb has two full casinos, a Rebuy Stars Automat Club , and several betting shops. There are also casinos situated along the coast, across the Adriatic Sea from Italy in Dubrovnik, Split, Opatija, and Umag. You must be at least 18 years of age to gamble in Croatia. The  4 star Mulino Lux Casino Hotel in Buje has 20 table games, 260 gaming machines, and a poker room along with a 67 room hotel, golf course, winery, and private beach. The Merit Casino Grand Lav in Split offers seaside accommodations, blackjack and nearly 100 slots and electronic tables. The  Merit Libertas in Dubrovnik is another popular casino near the sea. Casino International and Golden Sun are very popular casinos in Zagreb. Please see our Croatia gambling guide for more information on these and other casinos and gambling opportunities. Cyprus is an island country in the Eastern Mediterranean divided into three distinct zones. The occupied North is where all of the current casinos are found. The United Nations Buffer Zone separates north from south and illegal casinos pop up and are shut down there frequently. The south, officially known as the Republic of Cyprus will become home to the largest integrated resort in Europe when the Hard Rock/Melco consortium opens the Cyprus Integrated Casino Resort in Limassol by 2020, with the first of three satellite casinos opening in 2017. The Cyprus Integrated Casino Resort is licensed for 2,000 gaming machines and 200 tables over 65,000 sq ft of casino floor. The license also requires a five-star hotel with at least 500 rooms. In the northern Turkish-controlled part of the country, there are about 30 casinos between 5 cities. Ten of them are on or near the northern shore Kyrenia (Girne). The Rocks Hotel & Casino there offers refined lodging and a private beach in addition to a 38,000 sq ft casino with poker. The Grand Pasha Casino comes in at a lower price point for lodging while still offering a memorable casino experience. For an in-depth overview of casinos in Cyprus with detailed reviews please visit our Cyprus gambling guide . The Czech Republic is a member of the European Union bordered by Austria, Germany, Poland, and Slovakia. The capital is Prague and that is where you will find many of the country's more than 50 casinos. Casinos are also present in more than 20 other cities, mostly along the border. One notable exception is the city of Brno which lies to the interior and has two casinos. Although there is no law barring underage persons from entering a casino, you must be at least 18 to gamble. The country's largest casino is in Znojmo, the Admiral Casino Colosseum . Admiral runs two other casinos in the city and there is an American Chance Casino on Route 59 with 24 tables and over 150 slot machines. In Prague, most notably you'll find the impressive Casino V.I.P. Club: Casino Panorama at the Panorama Hotel, Casino Happy Day on the south side, and Casino Admiral Bohemia downtown, with gaming rooms overlooking the city. Plzen has quite a few casinos including  Casino Admiral Plzen in the Tesco shopping center with tables, slots, and poker seats, and several Rebuy Stars scattered throughout the city that is famous worldwide for Pilsner beer and known as a European Capital of Culture. To learn more about the history and future of gambling in the Czech Republic please see our gambling guide . Estonia's legal casino industry didn't amount to much while it was part of the U.S.S.R. After the fall of the Soviet Union, it began to grow rapidly after the first laws were passed for lotteries and gambling in 1994 and 1995. The capital city of Tallinn had 91 gambling venues in 2008 but that number fell to 31 in 2010. The economic crisis and a new law passed in 2008 are said to be to blame for the decline. Today there are 35 venues in Tallin and 20 more scattered over 10 more cities. Nearly all the casinos and betting shops are operated by Olympic , Grand Prix, or Fenikss, with a few other smaller operators. Olympic Park Casino in Tallinn is the biggest and one of the newest casinos in Estonia, offering poker, 14 table games, and 99 slots as well as a 4-star Hilton hotel with spa. About 200km west, near the Russian border, is Casino Grand Prix - Narva featuring 40 gaming machines and a poker room. Sitting on one of Estonia's 1,500 islands is Casino Grand Prix Kuressaare with slot machines, poker, a bar, and lounge.  The legal age for playing at casinos in Estonia is 21. To read more about gambling in Estonia, from regulation to available games, please see our gambling guide . Greece has a long history of gambling dating back to dice games and cock fights in antiquity. Today's visitor will find sandy beaches, ancient ruins, and modern casinos open year round. The casinos are vast and reminiscent of Las Vegas or Atlantic City also in that many are part of resort hotels offering recreation and entertainment beyond the casino. The two largest casinos in Greece are Regency Casino Mont Parnes and Club Hotel Casino Loutraki . The gambling age in Greece is 23. Greece has fewer than 10 casinos situated in various parts of the country from the island of Rhodes in the southeast to the northern city of Kaval on the Aegean Sea. Also in the north, Porto Carras Casino & Grand Resort in Halkidiki is a popular family vacation destination for 5-star accommodations and amenities. In the middle of the country is Regency Casino Thessaloniki which bills itself as a complete entertainment destination. The casino offers 744 high-tech slots 28 regular and 27 electronic roulette, 26 gaming tables. Please see our gambling guide to read more about gambling in Greece and find reviews on all of the casinos. Hungary is an Eastern European country bordered by Slovakia, Ukraine, Romania, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia. Gambling legislation passed in 2014 allows for 11 casinos to operate in the country. As of 2017, there were nine. The largest operator is the local  Las Vegas Casino Group with 5 casinos in the capital city of Budapest . The government began cracking down on illegal street slots in 2012 funneling a lot more money into the legitimate casinos. The gambling age in Hungary is 18. The Las Vegas Casino Corvin Sétány is the biggest casino in the country with 9 dealer-attended tables offering roulette, blackjack, punto banco, and Ultimate Texas Hold'em; 7 electronic roulette machines, and 240 slot cabinets from Novomatic , EGT, Amatic, Merkur, Ainsworth, and Apex Pinnacle. Outside of Budapest, there are casinos spread from Sopron on the Austrian border to the west to Nyíregyháza and Debrecen in the east. All five of the casinos in Budapest belong to the Las Vegas group. To learn more about gambling in Hungary or to keep up with the latest developments please see our gambling guide . Kosovo is an independent country that broke away from Serbia in 2008. Kosovo has its own government and laws including laws on games of chance, codified in 2001 as UNMIK Regulation, No. 2001/19. While there have been casinos in the capital city of Pristina or Prishtina, none seem to be operating as of mid-2017. There may be small game salons in Kosovo , but Swiss Casino and Kings Casino appear to have ceased operations. Latvia is a Baltic country in Eastern Europe. It sits on the Baltic Sea with many beachfront casinos and its neighbors include Belarus, Estonia, Lithuania, and Russia to the north, west, and south. Nearly 40 casinos, slot halls, betting shops, and bingo parlors are found in the capital city of Riga . Several of the Riga casinos provide live dealer streaming for online casinos the world over. Many more casinos are found scattered all over the country's interior with many situated along the Daugava River from Daugavpils to the sea. Much like all other European countries, the casinos in Latvia are rather small with the largest, Olympic Voodoo Casino in Riga offering 24,500 sq ft of gaming space, 95 machines, 16 gaming tables, and a poker room open 24 hours. Some of the hotels in Riga, including the 4-star Radisson Blu here, offer the perfect hideaway for the moments you aren't exploring the ancient and beautiful city. If you'd like to learn more about all of the gambling opportunities in the country, please visit our Latvia gambling guide . Lithuania is an Eastern European country and the largest of the Baltic states. There are about 20 casinos in Lithuania along with dozens of betting shops and slot halls. Gambling is strictly taxed and regulated. Olympic Entertainment of neighboring Estonia has recently become a major player in Lithuania through mergers and acquisitions. Other providers include Tete a Tete, Tornado (Casino Admiral), and Nese. The gambling age is 21 and 18 for bingo and lotteries. Many of the country's casinos are located in the largest city and capital, Vilnius , near the Belarus border. Olympic Casino Lietuva offers hotel accommodations, 14 table games, a poker room, and 82 gaming machines. All of Casino Admiral's 6 Tornado branded venues are modern and well maintained, offering house-banked and heads-up poker in addition to slots and other table games. To enjoy a well-run casino with opulent surroundings and accommodations, Nese Casino Vilnius inside the Nese Pramogu Bankas Guest House would be a good bet. If you are planning a trip to Lithuania and need a casino or booking information or simply want to know more, please visit our gambling guide here . Macedonia is located on the Balkan Peninsula and shares borders with Albania, Bulgaria, Greece, and Kosovo. The capital city is Skopje but the majority of casinos are found in Gevgelija , just across the Vardar River from Greece. The country's land-based gambling laws were overhauled and last codified in 2013. The minimum age to gamble in Macedonia is 18, in accord with the EU guidelines. Casinos Austria is the major player in Macedonia operating casinos as well as the National Videolottery. It is their sole VLT operation. Novomatic's Casino FlaminGo in Gevgelija is the largest gaming venue in the country with 27 table games, 4 poker tables, 935 gaming machines. Le Grand Casino - Hotel Epinal in Bitola also draws a lot of Greek gamblers with its location on A3 less than 10 miles from the border. In the northern part of the country, Le Grand Casino - Holiday Inn Hotel in Skopje offers visitors from Kosovo and the surrounding countryside suitable accommodations. There is also two restaurants, a nightclub and cocktail lounge, plus a chance to try their luck on any of 8 gaming tables or a handful of machines. To read in depth reviews of these or other casinos in Macedonia or find other gambling opportunities there, please see our gambling guide . Moldova is a landlocked Eastern Europe country bordered by Romania to the west and otherwise surrounded by Ukraine. The capital city is Chisinau . Moldova passed sweeping gambling reforms in late 2016 placing regulatory authority with the Moldova National Lottery. The legal gambling age was set at 21 and advertising was banned. The state holds a monopoly on all gambling except casinos. Minimum equipment requirements stipulate that rural casinos offer at least 10 slot machines and 4 tables, one of those must be roulette. Urban casinos must have 20 slots and ten tables with one being roulette. All five of Moldova's casinos are located in  Chisinau. The most well-known venue historically is Napoleon Palace Casino at Cosmos Hotel . Also within a 4-star hotel in the city's center is the Casino at Hotel Jumbo which enjoys a faithful clientele as well as travelers. The city center also hosts XO Casino Club Chisinau for the well-heeled gambler who enjoys house cigars, cognac, and champagne in a discreet setting. Another newer high-class gambling venue is at the Radisson Blu, and that is Nuovo Casino. Explore all of the casinos of Moldova by reading our gambling guide . Montenegro is a country in the Balkan with modern cities and medieval villages. Beaches along the Adriatic coastline are a big draw for tourists in the region. There are casinos in Montenegro, some located seaside and some are inland, so visitors have their choice. The country established a casino gaming law in 2006 and began regulation of online gaming in 2011. Both jurisdictions are under the control of the Game of Chance Administration. To explore the casinos of Montenegro please see our gambling guide here . Poland is a parliamentary republic in Central Europe bordered by the Russian province of Kaliningrad on the Baltic Coast, Lithuania, Belarus, Ukraine, Slovakia, Czechia, and Germany as well as about 482km (300 miles) of Baltic Sea shoreline. Major cities include the capital city of Warsaw and Kraków, Wroclaw , Poznan, Gdansk, and Szczecin. Casinos are located along the major highways E40 and E30 as well as on or near the Baltic in Sopot and Szczecin . The largest casino is located in the capital city at the Marriott Hotel & Casino Warsaw . The property has an 8,000 sq ft casino with 27 table games, 70 slots, a poker room, restaurants and bars, hotel, spa, and convention center. Casinos Poland is the dominant force especially after Olympic Entertainment Group pulled out in late 2016 shuttering their casino at the Warsaw Hilton.  Beyond the modern, a luxurious casino and hotel can be found on the Baltic Coast at the seaside of the Gdansk Bay in Sopot. The palatial Grand Hotel there was originally built in 1924 and has been completely refurbished. The casino is rather small with only ten tables, 25 slots, and a poker room, but everyone from Fidel Castro and Charles de Gaulle, to Vladimir Putin, and Adolf Hitler have stayed there, among many other famous persons. To learn more about the casinos of Poland please visit our gambling guide here . Romania is an Eastern Europe country with a Black Sea shore, sharing borders with Bulgaria, Serbia, Hungary, Ukraine, and Moldova. The most recent gambling legislation resulted in Law 124/2015 covering all manner of betting in the country. There are nine casinos in Romania. All except Timisoara Metropolis Casino are located in the country's capital of Bucharest . of interest to some are the 'ghost casinos' of Romania. Constan?a Casino on the Black Sea opened in 1910 and Sinaia Casino opened in 1913 by Baron of Marçay, of the Monte Carlo Casino. The Casino at JW Marriott Bucharest Grand Hotel offers more gaming positions than any other casino in Romania with 14 table games, 4 poker tables, and 159 gaming machines. Casino Bucharest at Hotel Intercontinental is open 6pm to 6am daily and the venue is central to many attractions such as the Romanian Athenaeum. Visitors will also find dozens of slot halls, betting shops, and other gambling outlets throughout the city. To learn more about gambling in Romania please see our gambling guide. Russia is situated partially in Western Europe with more than 75% of its land mass in Asia, but most populations centers are in Europe. There were once thousands of small casinos in operation, but they were outlawed in 2009 with the creation of special gambling zones.  The first newly sanctioned casinos opened in Azov-City . This area will close as the Sochi zone develops. Tigre de Cristal was the first to open in the Primorye zone near Vladivostok in 2015. At least 6 more full scale integrated resorts are expected to open there before 2023. Other zones under development include Yantarnaya where casino operations began in 2016 with Magic Crystal Casino . As many as 15 more are expected to open here.  Siberian Coin ( Altay ) saw its first casino open in 2014, but more infrastructure is needed before the area sees much more development. A 41-acre area in Crimea was added as a zone in 2016, but it is unclear if the illegal annex will be developed. Check out all of the casinos currently under development or operating in our Russia gambling guide . Serbia is a country located on the Balkan peninsula in Southeast Europe. Formerly part of the disintegrated Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Serbia's capital city is still Belgrade. Gambling had been legal under the Yugoslavian law since 1964 and the government passed a "games of chance" law in 2011. Hundreds of unlicensed casinos were shut down after the Games of Chance Administration began licensing and regulating casinos. In 2017 there are only three legal casinos in the country and all of them are located in Belgrade. Please see our gambling guide for more information about gambling in Serbia. Slovenia is a European country famous for its mountains, ski resorts, and lakes. The more than two dozen casinos in the country are also a big draw for tourists, especially those from Italy. Just four years after independence Slovenia enacted the Slovenian Gaming Act of 1995 which regulates land based casinos. Gambling venues are spread throughout the country but the greatest concentrations can be found near the Italian border at Gorici, and on the Adriatic Sea coast from Portorož to Sežana . The Hit Group offers one of the best, and the biggest casino in the country at the Perla Gaming and Entertainment Centre . It is located on the Italian border in Nova Gorica with 946 state-of-the-art slot machines and 90 gaming tables plus a large poker room, making it one the biggest casinos in all of Europe. The Grand Casino Portorož is the oldest casino in the country, built in 1913. It's just across the street from the Adriatic Sea and offers 5-star accommodations and amenities at the Remisens Premium Hotel Metropol. Slovenia has a rich and vibrant casino scene. To learn more please visit our gambling guide here . Ukraine is a sovereign state in Eastern Europe that shares borders with several other countries including Belarus, Hungary, Moldova, Poland, Romania, Russia, and Slovakia. It also has a Black Sea coast in the middle of which is Odessa where several casinos formerly flourished, as well as a coastline along the Sea of Azov which is navigable from the Black Sea. Casino gambling was outlawed in the Ukraine in 2009 but there is a thriving illegal market of slots and gaming tables and a gray market of "instant lottery devices" which don't quite fit the definition of a slot machine. Corruption is rampant with illegal casino owners and the authorities they pay off to stay in business raking in untold Hryvnia, the country's official currency. Poker clubs are still legal. In Kiev you will find Gambling Club Kiev open 24 hours a day. Lotteries are legal and mostly run by Russians, but they have been facing sanctions and an increasingly difficult tax regime since early 2016. Bahrain is a nation in the Persian Gulf made up of more than 30 islands mostly situated between Suadi Arabia and the Qatar Peninsula. It was one of the first countries in the region to discover and exploit its oil reserves. The government is controlled by a king whose family members occupy important military and political posts. There is no legal gambling in Bahrain . Egypt links NE Africa with the Middle East. Casino law was codified in 1973 and allows for casinos in 4 and 5-star hotels. There are more than a dozen casinos in Egypt, most of them in the capital, Cairo . Names like Caesars , Crockfords , and London Club are found there. The gambling currency is USD and euros. Locals are not allowed to gamble and the legal age is 18, some operators insist on 21. Some casinos offer free drink service. You'll be on your own for any comps. The coastal casino, Maritim Jolie Ville Resort & Casino on the southern tip of Egypt at Sharm El Sheikh, offers the most gaming opportunities with 15 tables, about 100 slots, and poker. The nearby Aladin Casino at Domina Coral Bay has four separate hotels and 5-star amenities along with American Roulette, French Roulette, electronic roulette, blackjack, baccarat, Caribbean Poker, Russian Poker, and Texas Hold'em Poker. Up the Gulf near the Israeli border is Taba Casino at the Hilton with nearly as many tables as slots. In Cairo, you can't go wrong with any of the big names in casinos or hotels, and all of the properties have big names. To learn more about gambling in Egypt please visit our gambling guide here . Iran may have had several casinos prior to the Islamic Revolution of 1978. If so, most of their details have been lost to history. One exception is the former Grand Casino on Kish Island. The last Shaw of Iran turned the island into a luxury resort destination in the 1970s replete with an airport that could accept Concord jet landings. After the revolution, Kish Island became a duty-free shopping zone and the hotel that housed the casino was renamed as the Shayan International Hotel. Iraq is a war ravaged Middle Eastern country in the western part of Eastern Asia. Iraq is landlocked except for a small corridor between Kuwait and Iran which connects the country to the Persian Gulf. Iraq also shares borders with Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, and Syria. Prior to the 1991 Gulf War, several casinos catered to the oil rich populace. The most notable gaming venue was the Ishtar Sheraton Hotel & Casino on Firdos Square in Baghdad. Israel is a Middle Eastern country with Mediterranean and Red Sea coastlines. Casinos are not currently legal in Israel, although there are perennial efforts to authorize at least one in Eilat, near Jordan. The Oasis Casino in Jericho, Palestinian Territory, was closed in 2000 after opening in 1998. The hotel remains open. The last of the Israeli casino ships were raided and closed in 2004. To gamble in a casino near Israel visitors will need to go to Egypt or Lebanon . Jordan is a Middle Eastern country adjacent to Israel that is considered to be part of Western Asia. Although it is said to be one of the safest countries in the region, that distinction doesn't do gamblers any good as there are no casinos in Jordan. The only allowed forms of gambling in the country are welfare and charity lotteries. Kuwait is an Arabic-speaking country located on the Persian Gulf and sharing borders with Iraq and Saudi Arabia. About 4 million people live there with a few more than 30,000 in the capital city of Kuwait City. All forms of gambling are strictly forbidden in this Muslim country, but underground and mobile casinos do exist. Horse racing is said to be conducted by the Kuwait Hunting & Equestrian Club but no overt betting is known to take place. Lebanon is a sovereign state in the Middle East or more specifically, Western Asia near Africa. The country has a long Mediterranean Sea coastline and shares borders with Syria and Israel. There is one casino in Lebanon and it is located about 22km from Beirut in Maameltein . Casino du Liban first opened in 1959 but was mostly destroyed in 1989 and after a $50 million refurbishment reopened in 1996. In addition to fine dining, nightlife, and entertainment offerings, visitors will find  a poker room, 56 gaming tables, and over 400 slots. To explore Casino du Liban in-depth or learn more about gambling in Lebanon please see our gambling guide here . Oman is located on the Arabian Peninsula with Persian Gulf, Arabian Sea, and Gulf of Oman coastlines. Adjacent neighboring countries include Yemen, the UAE, and Saudi Arabia. There is no legal gambling in this predominantly Muslim country. The Palestinian Territory , Palestinian Autonomy, or more simply, Palestine is an occupied territory comprising three physically separate entities, the West Bank, East Jerusalem, and the Gaza Strip next to Israel in the Middle East on the continent of Asia. Casinos Austria ran the Oasis Hotel Casino Resort in Jericho until ceasing operations in October 2000. Prior to closure it was said to be one of the most successful casinos in the world at the time and offered 120 gaming tables along with 300 slot machines. Qatar is a Muslim country located in Western Asia. It occupies the entire Qatar Peninsula which juts into the Persian Gulf and borders only Saudi Arabia. Nearby neighbors include the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain to the east and west and Iran across the Gulf. There is no legal gambling in Qatar or anywhere else in the region. Saudi Arabia is an oil-rich country covering most of the Arabian Peninsula in the Middle East. The desert country is located on the western portion of the Asian continent with coastlines on the Persian Gulf and the Red Sea. As the birthplace of Islam, the legal system is quite strict in regard to gambling. It is also the birthplace of Arabian horses, the progenitors of today's thoroughbred racing horses. Although betting is banned at places like the King Abdulaziz Racetrack in Riyadh, it does occur quietly. Syria is a war torn country in Western Asia with virtually no infrastructure or safe places to do business. In addition to a Mediterranean Sea coastline, neighboring countries include Lebanon, Turkey, Iraq, Jordan, and Israel. Beyond the chaos of war, gambling has been illegal in Syria since the 1970s when pressure from clerics caused the closure of three casinos operated by Tawfiq Houboubati. This was followed by an edict by the prime minister outlawing all casinos in Syria. On New Years Eve 2010/2011, Houboubati's son opened the Ocean Club at the former site of one of his father's casinos. The Syrian Civil War, resulting from peaceful protests and a military crackdown following the Arab Spring revolutions of 2011, have ended organized casino gambling in Syria for the foreseeable future. There are no legal casinos in Turkey, but the well-heeled, adventurous traveler may still find a few "private clubs" in Istanbul. However, the Jockey Club of Turkey counts over 5,000 active racing horses and in 2015 plans were in the works to build 23 new horse tracks in addition to the 9 existing then.   To view a list of current horse racing and betting venues in Turkey please see Horse Racing Tracks in Turkey. The United Arab Emirates is a Western Asian monarchy consisting of seven emirates or states. It is situated on the Arabian Peninsula on the Persian Gulf and shares borders with Oman and Saudi Arabia. The emirates comprising the UAE are Abu Dhabi, Ajman, Dubai, Fujairah, Ras Al Khaimah, Sharjah, and Umm Al Quwain. Casino gambling and any form of gaming is is strictly forbidden. For more information about United Arab Emirates, please see our UAE gambling guide . Yemen is an Arabic-speaking country with a mostly tribal society located in Western Asia on the Arabian Peninsula. Bordered by Saudi Arabia and Oman, Yemen also has Gulf of Aden and the Red Sea coastlines. Once home to a sizable Jewish population, the country is now 95% Muslim and as such, any form of gambling is strictly forbidden there. Anguilla is a small island nation located in the Eastern Caribbean. The country comprises the main island and smaller islets off its shores. It sits very near Saint-Martin Island and features many isolated coves and long beaches, some broken up by volcanic outcroppings. There are no casinos on Anguilla but residents and visitors don't have far to go if they want to visit the southern portion of the neighboring island and play at casinos operating in the Dutch country of Sint Maarten adjacent to and on the same island as the French Saint Martin. Antigua and Barbuda is an independent Commonwealth comprised of two main islands and several smaller ones with the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea shorelines off the coast of South America. Casino gambling is legal and there are two located in St. John, the capital. There is also a massive development planned for Crabbs. H ard Rock Hotel & Casino Antigua (Singulari) is expected to be the casino component of an Asian-funded integrated resort on Antigua’s Guiana Island at Crabbs. The resort is scheduled for completion by 2025, but the casino should open much sooner. For now, a visitor can stay and play at the Royal Antiguan Casino & Resort featuring a casino, various food and beverage outlets, beach access, and a 4-star hotel. The other option is King's Casino located at Heritage Quay. Here there are over 300 slot machines, gaming tables and bingo. For more information on gambling in Antigua and Barbuda please see our gambling guide . Aruba is a small Dutch island in the Caribbean just off the coast of Venezuela and about 3 hours from Miami by air. The climate is dry and the weather is sunny. Enjoy European architecture, white sandy beaches and gentle surf. All of the major resorts in Aruba have casinos and most stay open from noon until just before the sun comes up Some are open 24 hours. The largest casino is Stellaris Casino at Aruba Marriott Resort in Palm Beach. The Excelsior Casino at Holiday Inn Beach Resort is sometimes referred to as the first casino, but that was actually Aruba Caribbean Casino which closed in 1970. Excelsior is perhaps the place Caribbean Stud Poker was invented though. Other prominent casinos scattered along the leeward coast include Crystal Casino at Renaissance Aruba Resort and Seaport Casino at the Renaissance Aruba Resort in Oranjestad. Crystal is open 24/7 and Seaport is open 10am to 4am daily. To learn more about gambling in Aruba and read reviews of all the casinos there, please visit our gambling guide here . The Bahamas is a country in the Caribbean with legal gambling. Grand Bahama, Bimini, and Paradise Island are home to casinos and large scale hotels. Nassau is less than an hour flight from Miami, Fl. in the U.S. The coral gardens attract a large number of scuba divers and snorkelers. On Bimini you'll find Resorts World Bimini operated by Genting. The small but opulent casino there accepts large wagers and offers two luxury hotels. The longest running large casino hotel complex is Atlantis Resort at Paradise Island . The family-friendly property is popular for all vacationers not just gamblers. The other huge development there is Baha Mar which is opening in stages after years of struggles. Expect as many as 150 gaming tables and 1,500 slot machines at Baha Mar. To learn details about gambling in The Bahamas or to read detailed casino profiles see our gambling guide here Barbados is a sovereign island country in the Lesser Antilles, located in the Caribbean region of North America surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea. Although casino gambling per se is not allowed in Barbados, there are three types of betting that are allowed. Gambling was first codified in 1891, updated in 1917, and finally modified in 1984 which allowed slot machines, lottery, and horse racing under one law. There has been a bookmaker in Bridgetown since 1995. D' Fast Lime Arcade in Christ Church formerly referred to themselves as a casino but have changed their name. Now you will find 25 gaming machines there, much like many of the other arcades and slot parlors. Bridgetown has the most gambling opportunities. You may even be able to find a cruise ship out of Bridgetown with roulette, blackjack, craps, and other casino games. Horse racing in Barbados takes place three seasons per year at the Garrison Savannah . To learn more about gambling in Barbados please see our gambling guide here Bermuda is a British territory north of the Caribbean in the North Atlantic Ocean. It is known for its blue waters and pink sand beaches. Bermuda is a highly visited tourist destination with well over 600,000 people arriving on the 20 square mile island yearly. Over 85% of those visitors arrive from the United States. In November 2016, the country passed the Casino Gaming Amendment Act 2016 with no objections, paving the way for casino resorts to be built. The Bermuda Casino Gaming Commission was created the previous year to oversee and regulate the industry. In April 2017, the commission began the casino application process. Up to four integrated casino resorts can be licensed. Visit our Bermuda gambling guide for more information on gambling in Bermuda and to keep up with news as it happens. Bonaire is a southern Caribbean island that is a municipality in the Netherlands. It lies off Venezuela’s coast and is the "B" in the ABC islands (Aruba, Bonaire, Curaçao) of the Lesser Antilles. People come to Bonaire to experience abundant marine life, beaches, lagoons, and caverns in addition to water sports and resort adventures. There are two casinos located in Bonaire. Both are located in the administrative center of Kralendijk . The Coral Casino Bonaire is located in the lobby of Plaza Resort and offers slots, Blackjack, American Roulette, Three Card Poker, and Texas Hold'em. The other casino, Divi Flamingo Beach Resort and Casino , offers five gaming tables and 60 machines to go along with its all-inclusive resort stays. The casino is open until 4am most days. To learn more about gaming in Bonaire see our gambling guide here . The British Virgin Islands (BVI) is officially known simply as, the Virgin Islands, but the country is often referred to as the BVI to avoid confusion with the U.S. Virgin Islands to the south and the Spanish Virgin Islands to the east. The BVI is a British Overseas Territory comprised of some 50 islands and islets of which only about 15 are inhabited. There are no casinos located in the BVI as gambling of any kind other than charitable lotteries is strictly outlawed. The nearest casinos to the British Virgin Islands are located in Puerto Rico . The Cayman Islands is a country located in the western Caribbean Sea near Jamaica and situated between South America and Cuba. Three islands comprise the country, best known as a tax haven, these are Grand Cayman, Cayman Brac, and Little Cayman. There are no casinos on the Cayman Islands , but beach resorts are plentiful on Grand Cayman. Deep-sea fishing excursions are chartered out of Cayman Brac, and Little Cayman offers unspoiled natural beauty and a couple of small beach resorts offering access to lagoons and uncrowded diving areas. Less than 200 people live on the smallest island. Cuba was once known for its mob ruled casinos. There has been no legal gambling on the island, located only 103 miles off the Florida coast, since the revolution in 1959. Fidel Castro outlawed all gambling including lotteries when he took power. Before 1959 visitors could find casinos, cockfighting, jai alai, and horse race betting. Now there are illegal gambling dens and an underground lottery called "la bolita" that runs off numbers from other countries. There were some rumblings about development after diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States began to thaw under the Obama administration but we wouldn't hold our breath waiting for the next Macau to arise in Havanna. To find close by casinos try our Bahamas or Dominican Republic gambling guides. Curaçao is part of the ABC Islands of the Lesser Antilles in the Caribbean Sea just north of Venezuela. Many online casinos have their servers in the country and almost all of the land casinos there are located in Willemstad , the administrative center. Curaçao appeals to tourists seeking beaches, diving, nightlife, and a Caribbean resort experience. However, gaming is so prevalent there is even a casino in the Airport Hotel . Carnaval Casino is a very popular venue with 25 table games and 400 slot machines and plenty of dining options. Emerald Casino is considered by some to be the most opulent casino there. Another popular spot is the Diamond Beach Casino in Jan Thiel. The casino is located in the Papagayo Beach Resort offering tables and slots along with top-shelf dining and accommodations. To see a list of all the casinos in Curaçao please visit our gambling guide here . Many travelers choose the island nation of Dominica as their favorite Caribbean destination; hot springs, waterfalls, rain forests, cliff diving, and diverse diving sites draw a certain breed of adventurers. Located among the Windward Islands in the Lesser Antilles archipelago in the Caribbean Sea, Dominica sits between Guadeloupe and Martinique, far from the much larger country of the Dominican Republic to the West and East. Gambling finally made its way to the island in 2012 with the opening of the Mapau Dominica Entertainment Centres in Portsmouth and Roseau . Follow the progress of gambling in Dominica by reading our gambling guide here . The Dominican Republic has more casinos than any other Caribbean nation with more than 30 located in about a dozen different cities. Santo Domingo alone has more than 10, but if you are looking for the biggest casino in the country it's the Hard Rock Casino Punta Cana with a sprawling 45,000 sq ft gaming floor. Prepare to pull the plastic here as rooms are not on the cheap side. There are high limit rooms and nightly cash poker games. The Dominican Republic offers everything from beachside casinos like Paradisus Punta Cana Resort Casino or El Millón Casino at Hotel Riu Bachata 5 to city center venues like the Renaissance Santo Domingo Jaragua Hotel & Casino in Santo Domingo. When not in the casino, enjoy DR's other attractions like the beaches or a round of golf. To learn more about gambling in the Dominican Republic visit our gambling guide here . Grenada is a Caribbean island nation in the Lesser Antilles a little more than 100 miles off the coast of Venezuela. In 2016 both houses of Parliament approved a bill establishing a casino commission and in January 2017, the gaming commission members were appointed. Over the years there have been plans for major casino resorts on Grenada or one of the smaller Grenadine Islands, but as of mid-2017, no major announcements have been made public. Our Grenada gambling guide contains updates as casinos open as well as links to casino news from the area. Guadeloupe is a French overseas territory in the southern Caribbean Sea consisting of several islands. A river separates the two largest islands. The currency is the euro and any EU citizen is free to travel, settle, and work in Guadeloupe indefinitely. There are two casinos in Guadeloupe; both accept cash wagers for smaller bets. The Casino de Saint-François is the smaller of the two and offers 4 gaming tables and 91 electronic gaming machines. The high roller casino is the Casino de Gosier which offers a buffet. Here you will need to exchange currency for chips for any bets over 100 euro. To learn more about the casinos of Guadeloupe please visit our gambling guide here . Haiti is one of the Greater Antilles islands with Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea coasts. While there have been casinos in Port-au-Prince and Pétion Ville in the past, economic, geological, and environmental strife have seen all but two closed as of 2017. There are over 10.70 million people in Haiti. To see gambling opportunities in neighboring Dominican Republic please see our gambling guide . Jamaica offers several slot parlors, gaming clubs, and arcades to play slots and other electronic games. You can even find a few electronic table games and of course, Caribbean Stud. 2017 has been seen as the year the big casinos would open. For now, visitors will find gaming opportunities in Kingston , Montego Bay , Negril, Ochos Rios, and Lucea. There is also horse racing in Kingston and Portmore . While waiting for the big integrated resorts like Celebration Jamaica and Harmony Cove to be built, enjoy a night out at the Monte Carlo Gaming Lounge in Kingston or the Holiday Inn Resort Casino at Montego bay, or in of the many other places to play. For a complete list of casinos in Jamaica please see our gambling guide . Martinique is a Caribbean island and part of the Lesser Antilles. Administered by France, the culture is a blend of French and West Indian influences. There is a single casino in Martinique located at Rue des alizés in Schœlcher. It is also served by the nearby Hotel La Batelière which sits among palms on the azure blue Caribbean, while the casino is located inland. The Casino Bateliere Plazza offers 8 gaming tables, poker, and 150 slot machines along with a restaurant and bar. To learn more about gambling opportunities in Martinique please visit our gambling guide here . Montserrat is one of the Leeward Islands which are part of the chain known as the Lesser Antilles in the Caribbean. Montserrat is a British Overseas Territory and has a land mass of about 70 square miles. A volcano erupted there in 1995 and by 1997 there were less than 1,200 people left on the island, but the population had picked back up to around 5,000 by 2016. There are no casinos in Montserrat. Volcanic flow in 2010 buried the airport. Nearby Antigua offers visitors several casinos to choose from. The Netherlands Antilles is a former country comprised of several islands. It was part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands before the country was dissolved in 2010. Online casinos were licensed in one of the former constituents, Curaçao . The Netherlands Antilles is no longer a gambling jurisdiction. Puerto Rico formerly had a good variety of casinos in upscale hotels. Between all of the illegal slot machines and an economy devastated by debt and Zika virus concerns, many have closed. Most people simply go to the Bahamas or the Dominican Republic now but good gaming can still be found in Puerto Rico, and there are bargains there. Casino del Mar at La Concha Resort offers a little bit of everything in San Juan. U.S. visitors do not need a passport to visit Puerto Rico. The Oasis Casino at Embassy Suites San Juan is well situated in the Isla Verde district and still offers exceptional services and accommodations. For pure gaming with penny slots and tables beginning at $5.00 try El Tropical Casino Bayamon , and there's a Hyatt right there. On the other side of the country try the Hilton Ponce Golf and Casino Resort . For a complete list of casinos in Puerto Rico by city please visit our gambling guide here . Saint Barthélemy, commonly known as St. Barts, is a French-speaking Caribbean and West Indies island and a territorial collectivity of the nation of France. It is one of the ultimate exclusive Caribbean islands catering to wealthy, powerful, and famous visitors who prefer to surround themselves with others of their own status. St. Barts is subject to French law so land casinos could conceivably be developed there. However, to date, the powers that be in the capital city of Gustavia have not seriously entertained the idea of a gambling industry on the island. That is not to say anything of what goes on behind closed doors. To gamble in a regulated casino, visitors and residents can boat or fly about 20 miles to the Dutch Sint Maarten , which offers several gaming venues. Saint Kitts and Nevis is a nation comprised of two islands surrounded by the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean. Many come to Saint Kitts and Nevis for the blue waters, sandy beaches, and to enjoy the morning fog before it burns off for the day. All manner of watersports including diving is found here as are lazy beaches. There are two casinos in St. Kitts and one horse track in Nevis . The MaPau St. Kitts Casino & Entertainment Centre is located on Basseterre Bay. The casino features electronic blackjack and roulette along with more than 100 slot machines and an indoor/outdoor restaurant and bar. The Royal Beach Casino is located at Kittian Village near the Royal St. Kitts Golf Course and features a 389 room hotel, several restaurants, and a casino with 19 gaming tables and 300 electronic machines. To learn more about gambling in Saint Kitts and Nevis, please visit our gambling guide here . Saint Lucia is a mountainous island nation in the Eastern Caribbean with volcanic beaches, reef diving areas, high-end resorts, and fishing villages. Since 2011, the former French colony has also been home to casino gambling. Treasure Bay Casino has added to the luxury vacation experiences of many repeat visitors and attracted new tourists to the island. Treasure Bay Casino offers over 250 slot machines, 3 poker tables, several blackjack tables, plus roulette, craps, more. After a day of snorkeling, sunbathing, and sightseeing in the unique rain forest the casino offers a good alternative to the island bar scene some nights. To learn more about the casino visit our St. Lucia gambling guide here . Saint Martin is located in the Caribbean Sea and is one of the Leeward Islands. There are actually two countries on the 34 square mile island. The French collectivity, called Saint-Martin takes up about 60% of the land mass on the north side of the island and Sint Maarten, part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, takes up the rest of the island. There are no casinos on the northern part of the island but the border is easy to cross and the Dutch section offers several choices. Most of the casinos and resorts on the Dutch side are on the waterfront. To explore the casinos of Dutch Sint Maarten please see our gambling guide . St. Vincent and the Grenadines is a nation in the southern Caribbean comprised of the main island, St. Vincent, and a chain of smaller islands. The two other nearest island nations are St. Lucia to the north and Grenada to the south. St. Vincent & the Grenadines has legal gambling but currently no casinos. A failed Trump golf resort with a stand-alone casino closed shortly after changing hands in 2010. Sint Maarten is part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands located in the south Caribbean that shares an island with the French collectivity of Saint Martin. Some of the geological attractions include lagoons and beaches. There are nearly a dozen casinos in Sint Maarten scattered among the municipalities of Maho Bay, Philipsburg , Simpson Bay, and Cole Bay or Cupecoy. The Port De Plaisance Resort and Casino in Cole Bay is the largest casino in Sint Maarten with over 500 gaming machines and 23 table games. The Sonesta Great Bay Beach All Inclusive Resort & Casino offers a little bit of everything for the single, couple, family, or business visitor with easy to plan packages that include fine dining. To learn more about all of the casinos in Sint Maarten  please visit our gambling guide . Trinidad and Tobago is a dual-island Caribbean nation near Venezuela with legal gambling. The long fought-over Gambling (Gaming and Betting) Control Bill, 2016 will codify and regulate gambling in the country including taxation. Casino gambling is currently allowed in casinos, and member's clubs and horse racing occurs at Santa Rosa Park in Arima. Like most Caribbean nations Trinidad and Tobago offer spectacular scenery and water sports opportunities along with tropical nightlife. The Silver Dollar Clubs in Trinidad and Tobago have closed leaving the Royal Princess Members Club in Movietowne at Invaders Bay Port of Spain and Chaguanas Princess Casino with Blackjack, Roulette, Baccarat, and three poker tables along with about 40 gaming machines. The Mapau Members Club has also closed, but a new Club 1 private club has opened. To learn more about gaming in Trinidad and Tobago please see our gambling guide here . Turks and Caicos Islands is another Caribbean country with casino offerings. Officially a British Overseas Territory, the archipelago of 40 low-lying coral islands attracts beach-goers and divers. The capital is Cockburn Town, the language is English and the US Dollar is the currency. A single slot operator on the islands services 25 locations. In addition to small slot parlors and arcades visitors will find two true casinos there. Casablanca Casino is located in Grace Bay and offers an 8,500 sq ft casino with slots and gaming tables. In The Bight Settlement of Providenciales visitors will find the Caicos Royale Casino in the Turtle Cove Marina. For a complete list of Turks and Caicos casinos visit our gambling guide here . St. Croix, St. John, and St. Thomas comprise the U.S. Virgin Islands. On St. Croix and St. John you will find casinos with two located in Christiansted and one at Cruz Bay . The Casino at Hotel Caravelle is the newest casino in the area offering slots and free valet parking. There are also two upcoming casinos on the drawing board with the Seven Hills Golf Resort & Casino and St. Croix Golf Resort and Casino . The most well-known and well-visited casino in the U.S. Virgin Islands is the all inclusive Divi Carina Bay Resort & Casino . The casino features 17 tables and 360 gaming machines. There are two poker tables offered on demand. On St. John, beach front in Wharfside Village, sits The Parrot Club with video slots, Black Jack, Keno, Poker and Roulette. To learn more about gaming in the U.S. Virgin Islands please visit our gambling guide here . Online Casinos There are currently no gambling sites operated within Bangladesh, and the country is not equipped with any kind of system that grants licenses to operators. The only real option available to players in this country is to access international sites to play. There are many foreign online casinos accepting players from Bangladesh . According to this country’s 393 statutes of its Bhutan penal code , gambling in any form is considered illegal. Unfortunately, those participating in illegal play may receive a month to a year’s worth of jail time. No online casinos are operated within the country’s borders, limiting player options to international sites , which may also result in consequences. While one can gather that online gambling in this territory is technically legal, there is little information regarding any other details. It is not clear the number of operators accepting players from this region, or whether any operate domestically within the territory’s borders. View our online gambling guide to the British Indian Ocean Territory . Online gambling in Brunei is not addressed in detail under the country’s laws, though it is considered illegal under the Common Gaming Houses Act. While there is little information regarding the prosecution of players accessing offshore sites, there have been instances of players consequences, and the seizing of computers. Nonetheless, we’ve provided a list of Brunei-friendly casinos here . As far as anyone can tell, online gambling is illegal for Cambodian players, and there are no licensed sites currently in operation. Nonetheless, laws are left a bit vague, but it does seem that the government has taken significant steps to make sure that citizens are not illegally engaging in online play, with reports of some players being arrested for doing so. Additionally, police have made no bones about shutting down unlicensed casino operations. See how the situation in Cambodia compares to other countries here . In China, licenses are not granted for operating online gambling sites. Under the country’s laws, gambling via foreign-operated sites is also illegal. The government has also taken steps to block any sites allowing Chinese residents to register. However, this does not stop citizens from finding a way to play, as there loads of offshore sites that allow play from China , with some even offering an interface in both traditional and modern Chinese languages, and accepting Chinese payment methods. Online gambling is not permitted in Hong Kong, just as it is illegal throughout mainland China. However, citizens have resorted to engaging in online play via foreign operators, making it more difficult for Hong Kong government officials to properly regulate. Additionally, many offshore sites accept players from the Southeastern territory. To make matters harder for citizens, the government does block several deposit methods, making it hard to transfer funds. View a complete gambling guide here . Due to its being the highest Muslim-populated country in the world, it’s no surprise that Indonesia has made all forms of gambling illegal. However, residents still find a way to play. Though there are no online options operated within the country, players may engage in bingo, poker, and casino games via foreign betting sites. Several of these sites accept players from Indonesia, but there is little information regarding whether or not players are actively prosecuted for international play. Get more information with our online gambling guide, here . Online gambling in Japan is limited to lottery and sports betting. Additionally, the government does not grant licenses to online operators and citizens are not recommended to play on international sites , either. Though foreign play is not technically illegal, and players are not prosecuted for accessing. Overall, the act of gambling is illegal throughout Laos, but is permitted in select economic zones, with a total of three casinos in operation. Online gambling is a separate entity, and is considered illegal in the country. Residents, however, engage in offshore betting, with little risk of penalties from the government. Check out our full online gambling section for Laos . The current state of online gambling in Macau is grim. The country does not grant online gambling operators licenses, and the government does not address anything in its regulations regarding the topic. Because Macau is a Special Administrative Region in China, its laws for online gaming hinge on Beijing. There are virtually no online options to players, except for a couple of sports betting sites. Citizens do resort to foreign online gambling options, as they are not clearly banned from doing so. Refer to the full online Macau guide here . Unfortunately, citizens of Malaysia are prohibited from engaging in online casino gambling. Additionally, the government prevents the granting of licenses so that gambling sites may not be operated with thine country’s boundaries. Citizens are also prevented from engaging in online gambling via offshore betting sites , and those found guilty of accepting Malaysian players are prosecuted. Furthermore, the country’s banks may not authorize transfers to or from online gaming sites. Gambling of all forms is completely illegal in Maldives. This is mostly due to the fact that the country’s religion is predominantly Islamic, and the Quran forbids gambling because of its addictive qualities. However, while online gambling is illegal, but those who choose to access foreign-operated sites, do not face much risk of being prosecuted. For more information on gambling in this area, view our complete online Maldives gambling guide. Online gambling is currently unregulated in Mongolia. Additionally, there are no laws in place which make it illegal to engage in online betting. Several international casinos accept Mongolian players. Take a look at our list of online casinos accepting players from this country here . Overall, gambling is illegal in Myanmar, with no exception made for online gaming. The only legal forms of play are the lottery and online lottery. A number of offshore online casinos accept players from Myanmar , and many citizens engage in illegal play this way. It has been reported that little action has been taken by the government to prosecute those engaging in illegal online play. Check out how this country’s gambling laws compare to others in East Asia . Online casinos are not in operation in Nepal. The country’s communist government is adamantly against gambling overall. However, the government can take little action regarding online play at casinos operated outside its jurisdiction. With online gambling growing quite popular throughout the country, citizens are looking for alternative ways to engage. Get more details in our online Nepal gambling section . While land-based gambling is a complicated topic in North Korea, with only tourists permitted to play, and on a highly regulated basis, the state of online gambling is a bit vaguer. Currently, it is not clear whether or not citizens are permitted to gamble online. An online lottery site is available, called, DPRKLotto.com, and is the first in operation in North Korea. View our detailed onlone North Korea section here . Simply put, online gambling is legal in the Philippines . In fact, it serves as the only country in Asia, which licenses online casinos. Online gaming is legal in both the main region of the country and the Cagayan Freeport. However, the Cagayan Freeport only supports play on licensed sites by foreign players. The country is home to more than 70 licensed gambling operators, with licenses covering everything from traditional casino games, to sports betting, lottery, and bingo. Online gambling, in the remainder of the country, is operated by PAGCOR, which does not support play from home. Online casinos are not legal in this country. The government’s laws do not outline any guidelines for issuing licenses. However, there is some debate as to whether or not it is legal for citizens of Singapore to engage in offshore betting, with many arguing that it is, and citizens take full advantage of this loophole. Hundreds of foreign operators accept Singaporean players. As of 2016, the government made it legal for two operators within Singapore borders to offer online betting services. Visit our exclusive section on online gambling in Singapore . The topic of online gambling is not addressed within South Korea’s laws. The country has, however, passed regulations which seek to prevent excessive gambling. Online casinos are also not permitted to operate within the country’s borders, and law enforcement officials are strict in shutting down any illegal operations. Citizens have resorted to foreign gaming, and it has been reported that little consequence has been applied to those. Check out our exclusive online South Korea section . While there is little mention of online gaming in Thailand, it is safe to assume that it is illegal, as land-based gambling is illegal. However, Thai residents may choose to bet online via international sites, and will face little risk of prosecution. Though, there are technically laws in place that state individuals face consequences for being caught in the act. Browse our gambling guide to Thailand . Online gambling is considered illegal for Vietnam players, and they are not allowed to participate in online gaming of any form. In fact, the use of foreign gambling sites is also prohibited. Additionally, harsh measures are taken against those caught engaging in online play at offshore betting sites, with some reported to have even received prison sentences. For more information, visit our online Vietnam guide . Although closely associated with Finland, the Åland Islands have their own laws and they do offer online casino regulation. Ålands Penningautomatförening or Paf is licensed and controlled by the local Åland government. The organization distributes profits to good causes and non-profit organization on the islands through grants and loans. If you are fortunate enough to find yourself in the Pyrenees mountains nation-state of Andorra you are not likely to be thinking about online gambling. But if you are, there are plenty of offshore casinos who will take your bets. Andorra has been working on an online regulatory scheme for a few years now, with specific ideas about online poker licensing. As of late 2017 nothing has come to pass, so check out our Andorra online gambling page to see who will take your wagers for now. Online gambling in Austria is heavily regulated. The Federal Ministry of Finance (Bundesministerium für Finanzen) oversees all games of chance subject to the Law on Games of Chance (Glücksspielgesetz-GSpG). The government subjects all offshore based gaming to national law, which means it is in violation of the state monopoly on gaming. Austrian licensed online gaming companies can only accept Austrian players. However, the government does not block offshore websites. If you'd like to learn more about online casinos accepting players see our Austria online gambling page. In order to offer online gambling services in Belgium , a company must also possess a license for a brick and mortar gambling facility. Some operators have found a way around that requirement by forming partnerships with existing casinos. The Belgian government regularly updates their blacklist of non-compliant operators and instructs internet service providers there to block the domains. Prior to January 2012, well-known brand, Danske Spil, was the only company equipped with a betting license in Denmark . Additionally, all offshore gambling was prohibited. However, with the government having a difficult time regulating those abusing the law, they decided to loosen up on restrictions. Danske Spil now serves as two companies: Danske Lotteri Spil, and Danske Licens Spil. One covers the online gambling division, while the other covers the lottery sector. Danes are currently permitted to play a variety of online games, including online poker. While the government has loosened the reins a bit, it is still strict in its approach to advertising and granting licenses. The Faroe Islands government has often simply adapted the laws of Denmark, but it has not taken on Denmark's online gambling laws nor have they crafted their own. So while online gambling may not be specifically legal, neither is it illegal. Online gambling simply remains unregulated in the small nation state of some 50,000 inhabitants. Popular casinos like Mr. Green Casino accept players from the Faroe Islands. See our online pages for more casinos to play from the Faroe Islands . Finland’s government currently runs under a monopoly when it comes to gaming. There are three organizations which form the monopoly: Ray, Veikkaus Oy, and Fintoto Oy. Additionally, Finland’s Aland Province, which is made up of about 6,500 islands, operates under a separate system, known as PAF. Both RAY and PAF are often in competition with one another, both operating simultaneously and serving as providers of online gambling. While the government frowns upon offshore betting, there are no laws in place to prevent it. Check out our Finland guide here . The gambling culture of France is a complicated topic. While the country is rich in gambling history, with the popular game of roulette having originated here, its government places many restrictions on the casino industry as a whole. As its online market progresses at a slow crawl, the country’s regulatory system, the Regulatory Authority for Online Games (ARJEL), which stems from the Gambling Act, ultimately controls the state of online gambling in France. It offers a published list of approved online gambling operators and actively takes measures to keep citizens from engaging in online play with unapproved operators, located overseas, which accept French players . As of 2008, the Interstate Treaty on Gambling (IGT), banned both online casino and sports betting. However, the treaty was amended in 2012, making it so that up to 20 licenses could be granted for sports betting operators. Also in 2012, the state of Schleswig-Holstein, created its own set of gambling regulations, resulting in dozens of licenses being awarded to a combination of online casinos, poker rooms, and sportsbooks. Per the treaty, the country’s government also has the authority to request that internet providers not allow play from its citizens, as well as prevent German banks from engaging in transactions related to online gambling. Learn more with our Germany gambling guide . Gibraltar serves as one of the most renowned gambling jurisdictions in the world and has been a provider of licenses since 1998. Because many gambling operators have chosen to base their operations in Gibraltar, the jurisdiction serves as the largest employer in the region. It is part of the UK’s ‘ white list ’ and can offer services to UK residents. In fact, Gibraltar is considered somewhat of an online gambling hub , though there are strict requirements laid out for obtaining its licenses. When speaking of online gambling in Guernsey, it is important to note that Guernsey and Alderney have separate legislation from Jersey, another of the Channel Islands with a gambling commission. Alderney is one of the constitutive islands of the Bailiwick of Guernsey and it has its own government, legislature, and laws. Yet, it has adopted and operates under the same banking, insurance, and investment laws as Guernsey. In short both Guernsey and Alderney issue gaming licenses, but the government of Guernsey only permits specific land based businesses while Alderney is a well known online jurisdiction. Gamblers in Iceland don't have very many options. There are charity lotteries and low paying slot machines in bars and pubs. The operators of those machines also give their profits to charity. You won't find any online casinos licensed in Iceland either. So, even though considered to be illegal, many Icelanders turn to trusted offshore casinos in order to play. Ireland has authorized and taxed online gambling since the Betting (Amendment) Act, 2015 superseded the Gaming and Lotteries Act of 1956 and Betting Act, 1931. The most recent legislation also improved upon the Horses and Greyhound Racing Act of 2001 so that now there is one unified law controlling all online and land based gambling in Ireland. Only one in fifty Irish residents gamble online regularly according to some estimates, but the market is growing. Paddy Power was granted a remote license in 2015. Check out our online Ireland gambling page to see offshore casinos offering their services there. Over the years, several forms of betting have been made legal, including poker, video poker, and cash games. In 2010, the country opened up opportunities for offshore online gambling, as long as providers had proof of a valid gambling license. However, a number of requirements must be met in order for a company to apply for the license. Such requirements include a need for the operator to have a minimum turnover of €1.5m in the two years prior to applying, and it must be stationed in Europe. Read up on our Italy guide here . The Jersey Gambling Commission issued their first online gambling license in early 2015. The largest of the Channel Islands, Jersey is located between England and France. Neighboring Isle of Man, Alderney, and Guernsey also issue remote gaming licenses. Check out our online guide for Jersey to see offshore companies that accept players from Jersey . Although Liechtenstein passed legislation in 2016 that allows online operators to set up in and seek a license from one of the smallest yet richest countries in the world, as of late 2017 there haven't been any licenses issued. For now Liechtensteiners and other residents still rely on offshore gambling sites that accept their custom. See our Liechtenstein online gambling pages for more information. Online gambling was made legal in Luxembourg in 2007. Players are permitted to engage in online instant win games, provided by the country’s Loterie Nationale. Luxembourg’s laws do not address any other form of online games, meaning that there is nothing to forbid citizens from engaging. The government, however, does not provide licenses, meaning that most online offerings are based outside of the country’s borders. There are some that come out of Luxembourg, though, such as Gaming VC Holdings S.A. Get the full Luxembourg guide here . Malta serves as the first jurisdiction within Europe to introduce regulations for online gambling. Today, it actually serves as one of the largest hubs for online gambling, with many operators looking to obtain a Malta license. Malta is on the UK Gambling Commission’s ‘white-list,’ meaning that all operators with a Maltese license can promote service to UK residents. Once a license has been granted, operators must follow strict conditions or risk having their license revoked. Check out our list of Malta-friendly casinos here . The state of online gambling on Monaco is very much a gray area. While it is actually illegal for citizens to engage in land-based gambling, yet completely legal for casino employees and foreign visitors, the online gambling scene is a bit vaguer. Initial plans to ban citizens from gambling via foreign operators were rejected. Therefore, players are basically permitted to engage in online play as they wish, with little in the way to prevent them from doing so. Check out our Monaco gambling section . Currently, online gambling is legal for Dutch players, as long as it is a Netherlands-operated site. A state monopoly runs the gambling situation in the country and is well-known as Holland Casino, an entity that has not yet been able to receive an online gambling license. The government controls a total of 14 Holland Casino locations throughout the nation. Non-Dutch operators have also moved into the market, making it possible for Dutch players to engage in illegal online play. For further details, browse Netherlands for the full guide. Norway wants its citizens to use one of the two government monopolies to bet online. Sports betting and horse racing is handled by Norsk Tipping and Norsk Ristoko, respectively. In 2010 the government implemented a payment processor law modeled after the UIGEA in the United States. However, Norwegians can still find ways to deposit and withdraw at offshore casinos. See the following page for a list of casinos that have indicated they will take bets from and pay winnings to gamblers in Norway . Portugal launched their online gambling market in early 2016 under the gambling regulator Serviço de Regulação e Inspeção de Jogos (SRIJ). The first year result shows sports betting is the most popular form of online gaming. Online casinos and poker rooms are increasing in popularity with the first casinos coming online in March 2017, much to the chagrin of land operators. Portugal joined Italy, France, and Spain in sharing online poker markets in 2017. See our list of casino accepting players from Portugal here . The government of San Marino regulates a single land-based casino in the tiny nation surrounded by Italy. There are no known laws on the books permitting or prohibiting online gambling. To see a list of casinos accepting players from San Marino please see our San Marino online gambling pages here . Slovakia wants all online casinos and gambling sites serving the public there to be approved by the government. In July 2017, they issued their first blacklist of those not willing or able to cough up the 27% tax levied on operators. The government went to court to block the domains of violators and is pressuring payment processors to stop facilitating payments. Some offshore casinos may still be servicing the online gambling market in Slovakia . A Spanish Gambling Act was introduced in 2011, which officially put in motion a regulation of online gambling in Spain, a pastime that until this point, had been unofficially legal for decades. The act was created to regulate national gaming operations across the country’s seventeen communities and makes clear what is and is not legal in relation to online gambling. In order to provide betting services to Spanish citizens, operators are required to have a license from Spain’s National Gambling Commission. Read up on more details in our section on Spain . If you find yourself stationed in one of these locations, you might ask your commanding officer if it's okay to visit an online casino or try your hand at poker. There are no actual online gambling laws in place here. The Arctic outposts are under Norwegian law, so you could conceivably play at an unregulated casino or poker site while located in Svalbard or Jan Mayen. As long as a provider is equipped with a special gambling license, Swedish players are permitted to engage in all forms of online gambling. The government does not stop them from gambling at unlicensed, offshore establishments. However, from 1934 until 2019, only Svenska Spel had been awarded a license. Therefore, the country operated under a monopoly, with its reason being to prevent citizens from engaging in play with illegal operators. The Gambling Act (2018:1138) is now in effect. Under the law, it remains illegal to promote unlicensed gambling products. Check out our section on Sweden for complete details. Online gambling, as well as the operation of online casinos, are illegal in Switzerland. However, the country has been unsuccessful at effectively enforcing the ban on online gambling. While plans for online gambling regulations have been said to be in the works for years, no official moves have been made to do so. Online gambling continues to remain prohibited. Swiss players have found ways to play via offshore gaming sites, despite the country’s laws. If you’re interested in more information regarding gambling in this country, check out our page on Switzerland . The United Kingdom offers a breath of fresh air when it comes to gambling regulations. In fact, most forms of gambling across the country, including land based and internet play , are legal. The industry is well regulated, and the government’s Department of Culture dictates to the Gambling Commission via terms outlined in the Gambling Act of 2005. According to the Act, the Gambling Commission has the authority to issue licenses to gambling operators, as well as the power to revoke licenses or carry enforce fines as necessary. Residents must be 18 or older to engage in online betting legally. Gambling does not seem to be a trending topic of discussions about Vatican City. All 900 people there are presumably focused on something else. There do not appear to be any particular laws against online gambling in the world's smallest fully functioning nation-state. If you move any more than a half mile in any direction, you will find yourself in Italy. To see a list of online casinos accepting players from Italy click here . The laws for online gambling is complicated in Canada. Legalization is determined by province where online casinos are owned and operated. Providing that the government has approved these internet sites, it is legal to place bets online, otherwise, it is considered illegal. If an operating is offshore and accepts Canadians it could mean the laws of Canada do not apply. There are plenty of online casinos that permit Canadian players including Lincoln Casino and Jackpot Capital . Be sure to read our advice on ' Selecting an Online Casino: It’s Not as Easy as it Looks'. Online casinos generally offer odds and payback percentages that are comparable to land-based casinos. If you’re a Canadian looking to play online, CanadianCasinos has a lot of knowledge about Canadian online casinos and bring you fair and trustworthy information about the online gaming scene in Canada . Canada has several lotteries and World Casino Directory has the results daily: You can check the Canadian lottery results here . Following the Danish Gambling Act, online gambling is legal in Greenland however it is not regulated in this region. Gambling is monitored on a local level and all operators are required to have a license locally or in Denmark. Currently, land-based casinos are not available mainly because card and dice games are illegal. Favorite casino choices for natives of Greenland include Videoslots.com, Golden Riviera Casino and Euro Palace. Online gambling is considered legal in Mexico. Licenses may be granted to operators in the country, and a select few have been given out by The Gambling and Raffles Bureau of the Mexican Ministry of the Interior. Players may also engage in online betting at foreign-operated sites, and the country’s laws do not regulate international sites. Take a look at our detailed online gambling guide to Mexico. Unfortunately, there is little information regarding gambling on this island. While it may be legal, it does not appear that there are any gambling facilities currently in operation, and no online sites in existence within the island’s borders, either. Perhaps locals may resort to offshore play, but there is no information regarding whether or not this is grounds for prosecution. Check out our online gambling guide to Saint Pierre and Miquelon. The Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act (UIGEA) of 2006 technically forbids financial institutions to fund gambling accounts, but not the player. However, the United States is slowly progressing in the online gambling market. The federal government is now allowing each state to independently determine the legalization of online gambling for residents. Currently, there is a handful of states including New Jersey , Delaware and Nevada with more to follow. There are US friendly online casinos that warmly welcome players from this region. Take a look at our list here . There are 24 gambling jurisdictions across Argentina that needless to say leads to a gray area of online gambling legalities. Several of these jurisdictions are composed of their own set of rules and regulations that vastly differ from one to the other. Residents in this region are restricted from places any wagers on websites that are not licensed in Argentina. However, it is a law that has been difficult to enforce. Players are not taxed on winnings but do tax operators inside the borders and is a huge source of revenue for the country. The Argentine peso is available at most gambling portals accepting players that reside here with a substantial range of banking methods for deposit and withdrawal transactions. Recommended casinos include: Bodog , Casino La Vida and CasinoLoco . While the Bolivian government has stepped up and pulled in the reins for strict gambling laws there has been little reform on online casinos. Currently, there are no casino sites operating in Bolivia. However, there are no restrictions for natives of this country to bet at sites outside of their borders. Unfortunately. Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin was banned by the government making it only impossible to use. All transactions must be by a financial institution issued by the government. For more information browse Bolivia for a complete guide. Brazil is among one of the few countries in South America that have exceedingly strict laws against gambling. Realizing the revenue and how the country could benefit, lawmakers are currently trying to move forward on the legalization and regulation of online betting. If it passes, it will change the law against gambling first implemented in 1946. Despite the law, online gambling is a booming business in this region. Though it is unregulated and there is currently no operators in Brazil, players are welcomed at foreign sites. Brazilian friendly sites cater to residents in their native tongue of Portuguese. Check out our exclusive Brazil section . Online gambling in Chile is prohibited and does not permit casinos to operate within its borders. The law is one that is not strictly enforced and is a market that thrives among the playing community. A proposal to pass and regulate internet gambling is trying to be pushed but has not as of yet been successful. If and when it becomes legalized, the government will tax and regulate the market. Chilean players are accepted at a number of sites with languages available in both Spanish and English for their convenience. For a complete list of Chile friendly casinos see our complete list here . The Columbian government has not made a legal stance one way or another on online gambling. To date players in this region have basically had the freedom to place bets at international websites without facing any legal repercussions. Due to the leniency of the law, there is even a large-scale online gambling event that takes place yearly in Bogota. It is a promising sign that in the future legalization will come around in Columbia. See how it compares to other countries in South America</a. To date, online gambling in Ecuador remains unregulated. Though land-based casinos are illegal in this region, there is nothing in the law that prohibits internet gambling. Operators cannot receive a license within the country; however, there are not measures taken for players to bet at international websites. Locals have an extensive list of sites to play at that are available in Spanish. Banking methods to fit players needs are also provided. Royal Panda , All Slots and Casino Extreme are among the many to choose from. Though gambling is not technically illegal in the Falkland Islands, the territory is not home to any land-based facilities or gaming halls. Instead, the territory, which comprises a small population of about 3000, focuses primarily on tourism and maintaining its natural beauty. When it comes to online casinos, operators licensed in the UK may deliver services to Falkland Islanders. Residents may also partake in offshore betting. Check out our complete Falkland Islanders gambling guide . While land-based gambling is both legal and regulated in Guyana (though play is limited to tourists and hotel guests), the same is not the case when it comes to online casino gaming. In fact, online gambling in the country is not currently regulated. The only way for residents to play is by visiting foreign online casino operators , many of which accept players from this country. See how it compares to other South American countries . The Paraguayan government has not addressed laws regarding online gambling. As a result, players have not had a fear of prosecution when participating at internet casinos. It is important to note that any online operator found running a business within Paraguay has extremely strict laws and are punishable by law. The current gambling age is 18 and there are no taxes payable from winnings. The government receives revenue through taxes and fees that have been imposed. For more information browse our Paraguay gambling guide . The market is unregulated for online gambling, but operators can obtain a license in Peru and locals are not restricted from playing at any internet gaming establishment. However, the Peruvian government has a proposal that would regulate gambling websites and require owners of such sites to operate in Peru and pay taxes. International casinos are widely available in accepting Peruvians. Learn more about poker, casino and sports books by taking a look at our dedicated page to our Peru guide . There are tight regulations regarding gambling in this South American country. Suriname does issue licensing for online operators within the borders; however, there are none we are aware of at the current time. Surinamese customers who participate at foreign gambling websites have not faced any prosecution from government officials. Players have access to a number of online gambling sites to choose from . Uruguay's gambling regulations do not address online casinos. This means that, while the country boasts that all forms of gambling are legal, it does not grant online casino licenses to operators. However, it does appear that the nation is not opposed to local land-based casinos launching online offerings. In fact, in 2013, a local casino resort partnered with Bally Technologies to run an online gaming platform. Residents may also partake in online gaming in via foreign operators, as this is not deemed illegal by the Uruguayan government. Check out a list of Uruguay-friendly casinos here . Online gambling is legal for residents in Venezuela to play. Licenses are available to operate within the country, but there has been only two business that obtained one and both are out of business today. Venezuelan customers are more than welcomed and foreign websites outside of this region. A number of generous bonuses, user-friendly banking options, local currency and language preference create a comfortable atmosphere to play in. Interested in what other countries in South America compare ? Although online gambling, except for sports betting, is not specifically illegal in American Samoa - it can be difficult to deposit and withdraw from casinos due to America's UIGEA. But, just like the United States mainland, there are plenty of online casinos willing to take customers from this unincorporated region of the country. Read our online gambling pages for more about casinos played by people in American Samoa . Australia attempts to restrict casino operators from offering services or advertising in the country but no law prevents citizens from accessing offshore sites from Australia . Sports betting, lotteries, and race track betting operators are allowed to advertise and accept bets. Online casinos licensed in Australia may not offer bets or advertise in the country. The land casino business in Australia is well developed with about 100 casinos and clubs in operation, while gambling websites available to the populace number in the thousands. World renown operators like Emu , Fair Go , and Superior Casino are just a sampling of the diverse software and casino games available in Australia. Because there isn’t much information available in terms of online gambling on Christmas Island, the only laws we can go by are Australia’s overall gambling regulations. While it is not illegal for citizens to access online betting, those operating gambling sites face the possibility of prosecution. Get more information from our gambling guide here . There is little to no information regarding online gambling in Cocos Islands . Under Australian gambling laws, the Online Gambling Act of 2001 made it so that it is not illegal for citizens to play online casino games or poker, but those operating the sites may be prosecuted. View our Oceania gambling guide for further information. The Cook Islands is a self-governing country in the South Pacific Ocean that is politically associated with New Zealand and a member of the British Commonwealth. Although land based and online gambling is legal in the Cook Islands , there are no casinos located there. About 15,000 people live there, most of them of Maori descent. There are no laws barring Cook Island residents from gambling online. Many offshore casinos, like Aladdin's Gold and Casino Cruise accept wagers from the Cook Islands. East Timor has not been a great place for gamblers in the past, even though some factions in the government have tried to relax laws there. Online gambling from the former Portugues enclave is spotty at best with only around 1% of the population having access to the internet. But if you find yourself there and have an itch to gamble, Casino Extreme and Drake Casino are among the offshore sites that will accept you as a customer. Although the 100 Sands Casino never opened, people in Fiji can look forward to a new casino that was licensed in 2017. As far as remote interactive gambling is concerned, Fijians are allowed to play in their own homes - as long as those games aren't delivered over the internet. The punishment for players is set out at 2 years imprisonment and a fine of $5,000. As an overseas collectivity of the French Republic, French Polynesia operates under the same laws as France. While current gambling does prevent a French licensed online website from offering casino games there, the law doesn't stop players from gambling at casinos licensed elsewhere. For a list of casinos accepting players from French Polynesia please click here . Guam is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the Micronesia region of the Western Pacific Ocean. It was settled by the Chamorros about four thousand years ago. The nearest island to Guam is Rota, part of the Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands which includes Saipan. While land casinos are prohibited in Guam, online gambling is not restricted or prohibited. Most casinos that accept players from US also allow players to sign-up from Guam . iNetBet and Casino Brango accept players from Guam. Kiribati is a tropical central Pacific Ocean nation with islands spread out over a vast area. About half of the country's 100,000 people live on the island of Tarawa. Even so, only about 15,000 people have access to the internet. This is partially due to Kiribati being one of the poorest countries in the world. Should a resident or visitor wish to play at an online casino, there are several who would allow them to register and play from there. Only about 3.5% of the population in the Marshall Islands has access to the internet. Many in the South Pacific country are opposed to any sort of gambling. Church groups lobbied the legislature there to ban the casinos that were legalized in 1996. By 1998 they had succeeded by getting the Gaming and Recreation Prohibition Act 1998 signed into law. Online gambling never got a chance to take off and online gaming institutions are not allowed to register their companies there. People in the Marshall Islands can play at several offshore casinos like Slotland and Rich Casino. The Federated States of Micronesia should not be confused with the region of Micronesia, which is itself a part of the ecozone of Oceania. The United States has administered the Federated States since after WWII. There are over 600 islands in the Federation grouped into four states: Yap, Chuuk, Pohnpei, and Kosrae. Online gambling is not regulated and there are many online web sites that accept casino players from Micronesia . The tiny oval shaped island country of Nauru is located north-east of Australia, south of the equator. About 10,000 people live on the island surrounded by a coral reef. Half of the population uses the internet, usually over WiMax broadband on cell phones. There is an internet cafe available as well. Mobile gaming is the most popular option for Nauru friendly online casinos. New Caledonia is a French Territory operating under the same laws as France. Licensed legal online gambling is sanctioned for sports betting, horse racing and poker, but the Autorité de Régulation des Jeux en Ligne (ARJEL) does not issue online casino licenses. However, there is nothing in the law prohibiting New Caledonians from gambling at online casinos located overseas. Microgaming casinos like Luxury Casino , Playtech providers like Europlay Casino , and Real Time Gaming casinos like Aladdin's Gold Casino gladly step in to fill the regulatory void. New Zealand law is very clear in stating that it is illegal to play casino games online at any casino emanating from within the country. The government goes on to clarify in no uncertain terms that New Zealand law does not apply to casinos operated overseas. The Department of Internal Affairs website then goes on to caution against depositing at unregulated casinos. Many well known and trusted sites on the internet serve players in New Zealand such as Royal Panda Casino , Mr. Green Casino , and Slotland . In fact, every possible gaming software is represented on our list of online casinos available in New Zealand . Niue is a tropical paradise in the South Pacific with multiple natural attractions, including whale watching between the months of July and October. Aside from the tiny Pitcairn, the country has the highest concentration of internet users of any South Pacific island nation at 68.2% but there are only about 1,600 permanent residents there. Although the law doesn't seem to prohibit residents or visitors from gambling online, the internet provider there considers online gambling to be a "deceptive practice" and their acceptable use policy forbids it. Players there can still find Niue friendly casinos . Although Norfolk Island no longer issues online gaming licenses, people there can still access any online casino in the world. The Australian parliament revoked the territory's autonomy in 2015 making it a sovereign state of Australia. Under Australia's Interactive Gambling Act residents aren't allowed to gamble at any online casinos served from the mainland, but they aren't restricted from accessing online casinos that will accept their custom. Click the following link for a list of casinos serving Norfolk Island . The Commonwealth of Mariana Islands (CNMI) has seen a lot of developments in land casinos in the last few years, especially on the island of Saipan. The government attempted to pass an internet gambling act in 2010 to provide for the regulation and control of the operation of internet gambling, but the bill never made it to committee. In the absence of any laws specifically prohibiting residents from gambling online, the practice remains legal for the time being. Residents of Rota, Tinian, and Saipan can easily access offshore casinos such as Ignition Casino , Jackpot Capital and Bet365 to gamble online. With the development of major casino resorts in the CNMI it may not be long before more legislation is introduced to authorize online gaming licenses on the islands. Palau is an island nation located in the Western Pacific Ocean. It is made up of hundreds of islands and shares maritime boundaries with the Federated States of Micronesia, Indonesia, and the Philippines. The republic has struggled to bring in casinos but legislation to legalize them has so far been unsuccessful. The people of Palau do not appear to be under any restrictions by the government as far as online casinos are concerned. They are free to play at any offshore casino that will accept players in their jurisdiction. Papua New Guinea is an independent state in the Pacific Ocean north of Australia. It is one of the most culturally diverse countries with more than 850 languages. MOst of the people live in traditional clans with a focus on farming. The capital, Port Moresby has been a center of trade since the 1800s. Gambling has been legal and regulated since 2007. part of that regulation is a ban on playing at unlicensed establishments. Whether this refers to online casinos or not is unclear. Several offshore casinos accept players from Papua New Guinea . Pitcairn has four islands, but only one of them is inhabited. About 50 people live in this British Overseas Territory in the South Pacific Ocean. This could well be the world's most remote inhabited place, roughly located between Chile and New Zealand. But if you find yourself there you may be surprised to find every house on the island connected to the internet. Online casinos that will take your play in Pitcairn include Slots Plus with RTG games and Royal Panda Casino with hundreds of casino games from at least 10 different game providers. As of 2017, only tourists holding foreign passports could enter Samoa's sole casino in Mulifanua. Politicians have discussed opening up play to locals but the idea is usually dashed without much further discussion. The gambling law that authorized casino licenses in 2010 doesn't seem to mention online gaming. As there are no known reports of the government actively blocking IPs of offshore casinos, it can probably be assumed that players in Samoa can safely play at any casino willing to take their deposits. All Slots Casino takes players from Samoa, so does Ignition Casino. Solomon Islands The Solomon Islands is a popular tourist destination. The sovereign country is made up of six major islands and hundreds of smaller ones. There are a couple of casinos there, and visitors can access online casinos without interference from the government. To see a list of online casinos available in the Solomon Islands please see our online page . You'll find information on All Slots Casino, Bet365, and more. It isn't likely there will ever be a casino in Tokelau. The non-self-governing territory of New Zealand is simply too remote. Located between Hawaii and New Zealand in the South Pacific Ocean, the group of atolls is usually accessed by boat from Samoa, some 24 hours away by sea. There are about 1,300 people living there and 800 of them use the internet. Some online casinos such as Vegas Casino Online and Omni Casino accept players from Tokelau . Tonga is made up of over 170 islands in the South Pacific Ocean in an area known as Polynesia. A lot of the islands are still uninhabited. There are no laws on the books against online gambling there so visitors and residents can access Tonga friendly casinos offshore. Tuvalu is a remote and lightly populated Pacific Ocean island nation. About half of the less than 10,000 people there have access to the internet. The country's Gaming and Lottery Act was updated in 2008 but neglects to mention online gambling. The people there can find online casinos that are Tuvalu friendly very easily by checking out our online gambling guide. Rich Casino and Jackpot Capital have no restrictions on players from Tuvalu. Although you won't find any land-based casinos on any of the US Minor Outlying Islands in the Pacific Ocean, there are some casinos that will accept players located there. See our online gambling page for more. Online gaming has been regulated in Vanuatu since the Vanuatu Interactive Gaming Act was approved in 2000. The Act was amended in 2003 to allow sports books and betting exchanges. Residents have access to several high-quality betting sites licensed in the country. Internet casinos there enjoy brisk business from their neighbors in Australia as companies based there cannot offer services to their countrymen. Other online casinos available to residents include Zodiak Casino and Virgin Games . Wallis and Futuna, a French island collectivity in the South Pacific Ocean, operates under French law. This means that casinos can be authorized and licensed under France's strict regulatory regime. It also means that residents there won't be able to play at a French licensed online casino as online casinos are not part of France's licensing or taxation scheme. But just like people in France, the people of Wallis and Futuna can play at any offshore casino that welcomes them, like Slotland or Lincoln Casino. Algeria does not permit online gambling. While the country prohibits online play, residents are still gambling on offshore betting sites. Though this is illegal as well, individuals are not typically prosecuted for doing so. Several offshore online casinos accept players from this country. For further info, view our list of casinos accepting players from Algeria . Despite the mostly low internet penetration spanning Africa’s countries, Angola falls on the higher end of the spectrum. However, online gambling remains unregulated and is not very popular among the country’s residents. No gambling sites operate within Angola’s borders, though players can access games by way of foreign operators. Click here for a full list of online sites accepting players from this country. Although very few people in Benin have access to the internet, online gambling is not explicitly illegal there and several online casinos allow Beninese people to register and play. As of June 2017, there were no online gambling sites registered as operating out of Benin. The local land based sports betting company doesn't offer online services, so those few who do have internet access must bet at offshore sites. The most recent gambling law passed in Benin was in 2002, and it does not address or regulate online gaming. Click here to find all of the trusted casinos we list that accept players from Benin. Although the government of Botswana codified new laws in 2012 in order to regulate gambling in the country, the law did not address online gaming. In early 2016, a new regulatory authority was created which specifically addressed land-based and online gambling. The Botswana Gambling Authority now oversees all casinos, bookmakers, bingo, lotteries and race betting shops in the country. However, no language in the law makes it illegal for the people of Botswana to gamble at offshore sites and dozens of operators over a variety of platforms and software serve players in Botswana . Fortunately, residents have access to most forms of gambling in Burkina Faso, as they have been deemed legal. Online gambling is legal but is not regulated. The internet penetration is very low, with reports of less than 5%. The country is not home to any online casino sites, but residents have the option to play on any international gambling sites, as long as they aren’t restricted by the operator. Check out our complete guide to Burkina Faso online casinos . All forms of online gambling are prohibited in Burundi. Therefore, there are no online casinos in operation within the country’s borders. The country also has a low internet penetration. Though, those who do have access to the internet are not prohibited by any laws from accessing foreign sites. The issue with offshore sites, however, is that there are very few accepting Burundian residents. Check out our Burundi online gambling guide . Cameroon operates under antiquated gambling laws put into effect in late 1989, before the advent of the World Wide Web, and only updated in 2005. Since 2015 the government has tried to codify new laws to address gambling by citizens, but nothing has moved through the entire process as of mid-2017. Several offshore casinos and betting companies offer services in Cameroon . No casinos are registered or operating out of the country. While internet penetration is low, it jumped from 5% of people having access in 2010, to over 20% in 2015. The status of online gambling in Cape Verde is complicated. Before 2015, online gambling was basically illegal, despite there being little to no consequences to those choosing to engage anyway. As of now, there is a lack of clarity as to whether Macau Legend is in charge of an online gambling monopoly, or whether licenses may be granted to domestic operators. Nonetheless, players have the option to bet at offshore sites, without much risk of prosecution. Check out our Cape Verde online gambling guide . When it comes to online gambling in the Central African Republic, online services are not regulated. Additionally, no online casinos are operating within the country's borders, leaving international options as the sole methods of online play for residents. The lack of sites offering services in the country's national language, Sango, poses another problem. However, its second national language, French, is available at several online casinos. Chad serves as yet another country in Africa, in which the state of online gambling falls into a gray category. It is not specifically regulated; it is not entirely clear whether unlicensed operators have the green light to provide services. However, at this time, there aren’t any in operation. Residents are permitted, or at least not prohibited, from accessing online foreign operators to engage in play. For a list of online casinos accepting players from Chad, view our designated Chad page . Comoros began regulating online gambling in 1999 with the passage of the Computer Gambling Licensing Act. Slotland Entertainment , which also runs Win a Day Casino has been licensed there from the beginning. Their motto is " Paying winners since 1999 ". Residents of the small and mostly impoverished island can gamble at local casinos online and on land. Many foreign gambling sites also offer their services to residents of Comoros . Residents of the Democratic Republic of the Congo have no legal barriers to gambling online. However, very few people there has access to gambling funds, being one of the poorest countries in the world on a per capita basis. As of March 2017, the latest numbers available, only 3.8% of the population used the internet. There aren't any online casinos licensed in the DRC, but citizens are free to access any of the offshore sites that accept wagers. A list of trusted online gambling sites serving the Democratic Republic of the Congo can be found here . As a predominantly Muslim country, there doesn't seem to be much interest or will in Djibouti to address online gambling under the nation's laws. There are no online casinos licensed in the country, and the existing laws don't specifically address residents' ability to play legally. Some of the banks there present another story, however. After Islamic banking law was introduced in Djibouti in 2011, several guidance notes were issued that addressed bans on gambling transactions. Only four of the eleven banks there are Islamic banks, so residents are still free to access offshore casinos that accept them and their countrymen. Unfortunately, the country’s gambling laws fail to address online gambling. The only option for residents to engage in online betting, however, is via international sites. Such sites are not blocked by the government, meaning that residents are free to register without any risk of consequences. For more information, view our complete online gambling guide for Equatorial Guinea . Due to a large Islamic population, all forms of gambling are considered illegal in at least some parts of the country, due to Islamic law. In Eritrea, online gambling is not regulated, and no online casinos are operated from within the country. The only option for locals to engage in online gambling is through offshore sites , though this is technically illegal as well. See how this country compares to others throughout Africa . Online gambling is not regulated in Ethiopia, or at least the law on gambling is not completely clear. Unauthorized casinos are banned from operation, though it is unclear whether this applies to online gaming as well. Nonetheless, the country currently has no domestic online casinos in operation. The government does not actively prevent residents from registering to foreign-operated sites, making offshore options fair game. Check out our list of online casinos accepting Ethiopian players here . There is little information available regarding the state of online gambling in this area of the world. It appears that the only option for residents is playing via foreign operators, but many online operators restrict such players. Check out a list of casinos accepting players from French Southern Territories . The president of Gambia declared on March 02, 2015, that all forms of gambling were illegal in the predominantly Muslim country. It's unclear if his edict carries the power of law as a legal proclamation. Although there are no land-based or online casinos operating in or from the country, there are plenty of offshore casinos that will still take deposits and wagers from Gambians. As always it is a player's responsibility to know and follow the law of the land where they reside. Ghana has no laws against online gambling and even licenses and regulates its own online gaming industry. Current gambling law, as of 2017, was put in place long before online betting came into play. A little less than one-third of the people there have access to the internet as of 2017, up markedly from less than 7% in 2010. In addition to the government licensed gaming sites available online, several offshore websites also offer access to online casino games, sports betting, and lotteries. By clicking the link , you can find dozens of casino accepting players from Ghana. Online gambling is considered legal in Guinea, though it is required that domestic operators retrieve a license to do so. Residents do, however, have the option to engage in play at foreign-operated sites, due to the fact that foreign play is not regulated. View a full list of online casinos available to players residing in Guinea: . There is little information available regarding whether or not online gambling in Guinea-Bissau is regulated. Due to there being such limited information, it appears that it may be unregulated. While there are no operators providing services from within the country, it is possible for players to sign up at offshore casinos. We’ve generously compiled a full list of casinos which accept registration by players from this country. View Guinea-Bissau-friendly online casinos here . The Cote d'Ivoire or Ivory Coast has partially regulated online gambling. Online lottery, sports betting, and horse racing are provided by the Loterie National de Cote d'Ivoire, but as of 2017, the gambling portal does not offer casino games, poker, or online bingo. There is no regulatory framework in place for the licensing of these options either. Players in Cote d'Ivoire must look offshore for online slots, table games, poker, and bingo. The laws of the country do not specifically address online gambling, leaving it up to residents to find their own places to play. Kenya has a far-reaching and stringent casino regulatory scheme. In 2011 the country authorized Amaya Gaming through their BetKenya website to offer online casino games. When Amaya pulled out, the void in Kenya was filled by several offshore operators willing to take deposits from Kenyans as well as at least two sports books licensed in the country that also offer casino gaming. More than 80% of Kenyans access the internet and due to a lack of infrastructure in the country, most people get online via mobile devices. The government has increased taxation on all gaming operators, and as of June 2017, it is unclear how many will survive in one of the largest betting markets in Africa. The tiny landlocked nation of Lesotho is surrounded by South Africa and has no online gambling laws. The land casinos there operate under laws that were enacted in 1989 before the creation of internet browsers and the laws have not been updated since. With no regulatory framework, no licensed online casinos are operating in Lesotho. Only about one out of five people in the country used the internet in 2017. Those who wanted to gamble online choose offshore casinos and sports books, or South African sports betting sites. All gambling is legal in Liberia. As of 2015, online operators delivering services within the country are required to obtain licenses to do so, just as land-based operators are required to. However, those who choose to bet on foreign sites are not currently at risk of being prosecuted. Offshore operators are not blocked by the government, giving residents full range to play where they want. See how Liberia compares to other countries in Africa . Libya has placed a ban on all forms of gambling in the country, which includes online gambling. No real money sites are operating within the country’s borders, as they are restricted from doing so. The only option available to the gambling community is to access online betting through offshore sites . Learn more about gambling in Africa, by browsing our complete continent guide . The state of gambling in Madagascar is not as clear as one would like, but from what we can gather, it does seem to be legal, particularly due to the fact that there are at least two land-based casinos currently operating throughout the country. The government addresses little to no information regarding online gaming in its laws. Though it is technically not illegal, it is clear that it is not regulated, leaving residents with the sole option of gambling via foreign operators . Currently, online gambling is not regulated in Malawi, leaving the topic much of a gray area. However, the good news is that, a lack of regulations means a lack of laws and monitoring, giving players the ability to enjoy their favorite games on a technicality. Though the country does not have any online gambling sites operating within its borders, players can participate via offshore operators. Take a look at our list of Malawi casinos and gambling guide . Both land-based and online gambling is considered illegal in Mali, and are not regulated. Players may still access games through offshore betting sites. Fortunately, players do not face many risks by doing so, as they are not prosecuted. The illegality stems from the influence of Islam throughout the country. The religion’s book, the Quran, forbids all forms of gambling. View a complete list of casinos accepting players from Mali . All forms of online gambling in Mauritania are illegal. This is particularly due to the large population of residents following the Islam religion. The Quran prohibits any type of gambling due to its addictive qualities. As a result, no land-based operators exist in the country, and online gaming is also forbidden. Click here for a list of casinos accepting players from Mauritania. Fortunately, online gambling is legal in Mauritius. Though, players are not permitted to engage in online betting at foreign-operated sites. This is considered illegal. However, there has been little reported in terms of those engaging in offshore play being prosecuted. Take a look at our complete online Mauritius gambling guide for more details. This country abides by French laws, which means that gambling is, overall, legal. There are no domestic online or land-based casinos within the region, which may be, in part, due to the high percentage of Islamic residents. As with several countries throughout Africa, the primary option for residents in Mayotte is to engage in play on foreign-operated sites. Don’t hesitate to check out a full spread of casinos accepting players from Mayotte . Online gambling is more or less legal in Morocco. In fact, the country is not home to any particular regulations which prohibit players from placing online bets. While it does not appear that the country is equipped with any domestic operators, residents can access online gaming via foreign sites accepting Moroccan users. Take a look at our online Morocco gambling guide , providing a list of casinos, gambling facts, and more. The legality of online gambling was codified in 2009 by Mozambique's president in a bold move, outpacing most other African nations. In 2017 the government passed the Gaming and Gambling Law which increased the number of licenses available and modified land based casino density rules. The new law still didn't address online gambling licenses, so residents are not able to gamble at regulated casinos under their own government's oversight. The good news for players in Mozambique is that dozens of providers across multiple software platforms will accept their deposits and pay them if they win. All Slots Casino is an eCOGRA certified Microgaming casino and offers over 600 games. Mr. Green Casino is happy to have players from Mozambique as well. Namibia gained independence from South Africa in 1990 and in 1996 a bill was passed creating a 10-year moratorium on new casino licenses. That law expired in 2006 but the industry is still stunted and no new laws were made specifically creating a framework for online casino operations. However, in the absence of any laws to the contrary, Namibians are free to gamble online at any offshore site that will accept them. Only about one in five people access the internet from Namibia or about twice the population of the biggest city. People can easily access Live Dealer, Mobile, and Desktop sites like Royal Panda Casino to enjoy a variety of online gambling games. The country does not address online gambling in its laws or regulations, though, it is clear that land-based gambling is legal. As a result, it’s safe to assume online gambling is not regulated. However, several sites accept players from Niger, making offshore betting sites the sole option in this country. We’ve compiled a complete list of online casinos accepting players from Niger, here . Nigeria has no laws on the books that address online gambling, and although the government did launch a gambling site in 2013. The site was short-lived and only offered roulette. It's surprising that none of the three land-based casinos in Nigeria have pushed hard for online or mobile casino regulation as nearly half of the country's population uses the internet. Most of them access the WWW via smartphone or tablet. Online poker, sports betting, and casino games are available at offshore sites such as Bet365 and Sun Palace Casino offers slots and casino games on the RTG platform. Both land-based and online gambling are not currently legal in Republic of Congo. There is little information further regarding online gambling. It is not clear whether betting on foreign-operated sites is banned, and/or if those caught doing so will be prosecuted. Take a look at the gambling regulations in other African countries. The tiny French-speaking island of Reunion in Africa has a population of less than a million, but nearly half of those people used the internet in 2017. It is the most prosperous island country in the Indian Ocean. Reunion has a small handful of land-based casinos, mostly serving tourists, but no legal infrastructure exists for online casino licensing or regulation. The population base simply isn't there. As part of France, Reunion is a member of the EU and residents enjoy certain freedoms. They can play at any offshore casino or betting site that will take their custom and dozens of online casinos will accept deposits and wagers. Lincoln Casino opened in 2013 and offers a wide variety of games for residents of Reunion Island. Gambling laws in Rwanda make it possible for casino operators to become eligible for an online casino license, though it appears that there are currently no online casinos in operation in the country. The laws also do not restrict players from accessing foreign online casinos, and several online casinos accept players residing in Rwanda. View our list of Rwanda-friendly casinos here . Due to its geographical location, and limited access to the area, Saint Helena is not equipped with any organized form of gambling, whether it be online or land-based. It is considered one of the most isolated nations in the world, and entry is limited, with the only options including by boat or military aircraft by way of England. For further details, visit our page for Saint Helena online casinos and gambling guide . Gambling in Sao Tome and Principe was not legalized until 2004, and the only information regarding online gambling in the country’s laws, concerns land-based casino licenses not being good for online gambling. It does not appear that foreign operators are regulated, it can be assumed that residents are free to play at these offshore sites . See how this country stacks up to others in Africa by taking a look out our continent guide. Senegal is one of many, in fact, most, African countries that have no laws on the books regarding online gambling. The country has a national lottery and land based casinos but no provisions for licensing or player protections online. However, the Senegalese have access to dozens of trusted offshore sites. Fortunately, many online casinos including Treasure Mile Casino have French language websites usable by the vast majority of people in Senegal. Seychelles is almost unique among African nations in that they have fully regulated online gambling and can offer licenses for casinos based in the country. Other African jurisdictions offering licenses include Comoros, Mauritius, and Tanzania. An important law was passed in 2003 and fully implemented in 2009. In November 2015 the Seychelles Gambling Act, 2014 came into force. Regulations are in place. However, we have not seen any licenses issued yet as of mid-2017. If and when any online casinos take advantage of a license in the jurisdiction players in Seychelles will have excellent protections under the law. For now, eCOGRA certified sites like All Slots Casino are probably residents' best bet. Sierra Leone currently has no gambling laws that address online casinos, nor do they have a licensing or regulatory scheme for internet casinos. They do have one land-based casino in Freetown, but even the state lottery is still unregulated as of late June 2017. The Lottery Director requested a framework for regulated betting in 2010, 2015, and again in 2017. Players from Sierra Leone have access to several offshore internet casinos such as Royal Panda Casino and the Comoros based Slotland so they don't have to go without a safe place to play while waiting for the government to act. In May 2017 the government seized over R1.25 million from online casino gamblers. There are a couple of major factors that play into the state of online gambling in Somalia. For starters, all forms of gambling in the country are illegal. On top of this, it also has one of the lowest internet penetrations across the globe. No online casinos operate from within the country. However, there are some options available to foreign operators. Browse a list of online casinos accepting Somalian players . Although it is illegal for anyone inside South Africa to gamble at an online casino, several offshore companies still offer their services. South Africa saw the National Gambling Act come into force in 2004 and the government went on to shut down a land casino operator's online casino access to the country in 2011, even though the servers were located in Swaziland and a government report suggested licensing and regulating internet casinos the same year. Many offshore operators still offer their services to South Africans, but players are on their own as far as player protection and criminality. Section 11 of the National Gambling Act states: " A person must not engage in or make available an interactive game except as authorized in terms of this Act or any other national law. " Online sports betting is legal if done through a licensed South African bookmaker. There is little to no information regarding online gambling laws in South Sudan. However, one can gather that its laws are on par with those of Sudan , meaning that online gambling is likely illegal. Additionally, there is no information regarding whether or not players participating via foreign operators will be prosecuted. Check out our complete gambling guide to Africa casinos . Unfortunately, online gambling is illegal in Sudan, as is land-based gambling. While the country has a higher internet penetration that goes above the African average, there is a strict system in place, which censors web content into specific categories. Though it is made very difficult to access foreign sites , those who manage to do so are not likely to face much in the way of consequences. See how Sudan stacks up to other countries in Africa, here . The Swaziland Gaming Board licenses online casinos such as Pigg's Peak Casino, with a land-based operation in the country and formerly, Volcanic Gold who took their last new players in 2014. However, the Gaming Board has no website and the laws it operates under are not found in the public domain. Swazilanders can play at Pigg's Peak Casino and enjoy all of the player protections that they would at the land based venue. Players from other countries also enjoy these protections. Other Microgaming casinos such as Go Wild also accept bets from within the country. Online gambling has been legal in Tanzania since 1999 and it is one of the few African countries to regulate online play. The first casino to launch from there premiered in 2013, but locals weren't initially allowed to play there. Now residents can access the casino as well as sportsbook on the site. Players inside and outside of the country are afforded player protections by the Gaming Board when playing at any site licensed by the government. But play at any online casino serving Tanzania is also legal while in the country. Little to no information regarding online gambling in Togo is available. Like many other countries on the African continent, the internet penetration is very low. As a result, there isn’t much need for regulation. Additionally, citizens from Togo are now restricted from play at several online casinos, following a new British online gambling regulation, which calls for a list of jurisdictions where those applying for a UK license offer their services, along with written consent. There are still UK-licensed casinos providing services to Togo residents, however. See which casinos, here . The government of Tunisia doesn't have a regulatory or licensing framework in place for online casinos operating from within the country. This is because online gambling is strictly forbidden in Tunisia . It is illegal for any company to offer its services to residents, and illegal for anyone to access an online gambling site of any kind from within the country's borders. That said, a little more than 5 million people in Tunisia access the internet, so many offshore companies offer their services there. Online sports betting sites are licensed and regulated in Uganda //online.worldcasinodirectory.com/uganda, but other forms of gambling like online casinos fall into a gray area of law. In the absence of any particular law against it, several foreign operators have been offering their services in Uganda for many years. Europaplay Online Casino running on the Playtech platform is one, and the bitcoin accepting mBit Casino is another. Maybe someday the more than half a dozen land based casinos in Kampala will petition the government to allow them to offers online casinos games to Ugandans. Online gambling in Western Sahara is a bit of a gray area. Online gaming is not regulated, and the country does not grant licenses to domestic operators. Residents do, however, have the option to participate in gambling online via international sites . Other than these simple details, there is little else available on the topic in this country. Want to see how it compares to other countries in Africa? View our complete guide here . Zambia has a robust regulatory regime for most forms of gambling. Land casinos have been licensed and taxed since 2007 and there are laws in place for State lotteries and bookmakers. Online gambling licenses so far have only been issued for sports betting, but residents are free to play at any online casino site serving Zambia . Internet usage has risen dramatically since 2000 when only one-fifth of one percent of citizens accessed the internet. By 2016 a full 20.4% of the population could connect to and play at casinos like CasinoCruise and StarGames Casino . Zimbabwe does not restrict its citizens from accessing internet gambling sites, but neither does the government provide regulation, licensing, or player protections. Internet usage in Zimbabwe has skyrocketed in recent years, much as it has elsewhere in Africa growing from 0.3% penetration in the year 2000 to 11.5 % in 2011 and quadrupling to 46.5 % by 2016. The 2017 numbers will likely e just as impressive when they are released later this year. Zimbabweans can freely gamble at casinos like All Slots Casino or Las Vegas USA Casino without fear of reprisal from the government. Bound by Sharia law, and teachings outlined in the Quran, all forms of gambling are considered illegal in Afghanistan. While it is measured as illegal for residents to participate in online gambling games, the government does not regularly monitor online activity. This means that residents are likely to get away with registering to and playing on offshore sites, with little consequence. Additionally, there are several casinos accepting players from Afghanistan . Online casino gaming is legal in Armenia, though a license is required for providers to operate. However, currently no gambling licenses have been granted. The only option for Armenian players is to access foreign-operated sites. Several offshore casino sites accept access from Armenian citizens. For more details, take a look at our online gambling guide to Armenia . Since a ban put in place in 1998, gambling has been considered illegal in Azerbaijan. Though online gambling is also technically illegal, residents may access foreign sites from the comfort of their own homes, with little risk of being prosecuted, as there have been few to no instances of this being reported. Several online casinos accept Azerbaijani players. For more details, we’ve compiled a full guide to gambling online in Azerbaijan. Currently, online gambling is legal in Georgia. Before a spike in home and mobile access as of March 2017, residents mainly accessed online casinos via something called, interactive clubs. The clubs are scattered throughout the country and consist of facilities offering computers for accessing both local and foreign online casinos. A company known as InterPlay plays a significant role in Georgia’s online gaming market, providing facilities with assistance in setting up these interactive clubs. View our complete online Georgia gambling guide . Online gambling in India is considered illegal but is not particularly regulated, with few reports of individuals penalized for engaging in online betting. One of the country’s states, Sikkim, has created its own online gambling regulation (Sikkim Online Gaming Act of 2008), which allows select games to be played online. PlayWin is the recipient of India’s first online lottery operator. The country has taken some steps to prevent play on foreign sites by having internet service providers block certain sites. Online gambling in Kazakhstan is illegal. The government further keeps a lid on the subject by taking strict measures to block foreign gambling sites to keep residents from engaging in illegal play. Despite this, there have been little to no significant reports of individuals prosecuted for gambling at offshore sites . More specific details regarding country’s stance on online gambling are difficult to come by, but currently, it does appear that the country is equipped with at least two online gaming sites, the Olympus online sportsbook, and online casino, Altyn Alma. In Kyrgzstan, online gambling is illegal, but the topic is considered to be much of a gray area. Residents may access online casinos , but the country does not offer any local online betting services. Therefore, the only option is to bet at foreign sites, of which none provide services in the country’s language. However, much of the country’s residents speak Russian, and a number of foreign sites offer their interface in this language. Like many other East Asian countries, Pakistan restricts all forms of gambling, due to its large following of Islam. Unlike some of its neighboring countries, however, those who risk gambling at foreign-operated sites , risk jail time. In fact, consequences range from a hefty fine, to five years in prison. Gambling has been officially illegal since the passing of The Prevention of Gambling Act of 1977. See how Pakistan stacks up to other countries in East Asia . The state of online gambling in Sri Lanka is unique. Overall, the country has a low rate of internet penetration, meaning that only a small percentage of the population accesses the internet regularly, leaving little room for an online gaming market. While land-based gambling is popular, there are no providers licensed to offer online betting. Additionally, while many foreign online casinos accept Sri Lankan players, none of them accept the country’s national currency, rupees, or offer interfaces in its common languages. Take a look at our complete online Sri Lanka section . Gambling of any kind is not legalized in Tajikistan, and it is not too prevalent in the country. Additionally, internet penetration is extremely low. The government also regularly monitors internet activity, and blocks several sites, though this is mostly limited to political content. Players may access foreign sites to play if they wish, and face little risk of consequences. Though online gambling is technically legal in Turkmenistan, almost no operators are offering online betting services in the country. Therefore, residents are forced to resort to foreign online casinos , accessible from home or via interactive clubs, facilities providing internet and computer access to locals. While no online gambling sites offer services in the Turkmen language, many residents get by with Russian offerings. While online gambling is illegal in this country, authorities are not properly equipped to monitor the matter as effectively as they would like. Therefore, citizens have the option to play on foreign sites, with little risk of being caught or facing any serious consequences. Check out our list of online casinos accepting players from Uzbekistan. Depending on your search, Belize is located on several different continents. However, it is situated in the Southernmost part of North America. The Computer Wagering Licensing Act of 1995 was among the pioneers to legalize online gambling. Operators who wish to obtain a license must located in within the country but allow servers outside of the country and are prohibited from accepting Belize residents. Take a look at our list of online casinos that are currently accepting players from Belize here . It is unlawful for Costa Ricans to gamble online or bet money on any game of chance. It is, however, legal for gambling operators to set up business and internet gambling in Costa Rica. As a result, it is a prime location and a major destination for owners of gaming portals. Some websites do allow players from Costa Rica , but we advise you play at your own risk. A few casinos worth mentioning are Drake Casino , Jackpot Capital , and Royal Panda . Enforcing any gambling laws in El Salvador has been a difficult process to control for the government. Currently, the country does not allow any licensing for online gambling operators. The laws are confusing and do not explicitly state that internet gambling is illegal. El Salvadorians play at offshore establishments where they are accepted by many gaming portals. Popular casino websites accepting this region of players include Omni , Luckland Casino and Drake Casino . All forms of gambling are illegal in Guatemala, but operators typically look the other way to the law. There are currently no regulations for online gambling portals and citizens in this region must seek offshore establishments. Guatemalans who choose to engage in online gambling should do so cautiously. We have a list of casinos that are now accepting residents from this area. Some favorites spots include Bet365 , 32 Red, and Mr Green , There are liement laws regarding gambling in Honduras. Citizens in this region offer gambling entertainment including online gaming websites that are legal. Players are free to indulge in poker, racing and sports. A large selection of online casinos is available to Honduran players to engage in real money wagers. In 1979 the Sandinista government banned all forms of gambling. Not until in recent years has the ban slowly shifted. There are no specific laws regarding online gambling. Therefore, Nicaraguans access offshore websites. A wide range of divisions is available ranging from poker, table games and sports betting. Pick an online casino that best fits your needs from exclusive list focused on the Nicaragua community . Considered one of the smaller jurisdictions for issuing online gambling licenses, Panama has a limited number of brands in this region. Initially, the licensing law was passed in 2002 and The Junta de Control de Juegos Gaming Control Board is responsible for monitoring the gambling websites. Internet gaming is a large draw for natives of Panama. There is a vast selection of casinos to choose from . Among the popular casinos accepting residents from this area is Slots Plus , Las Vegas USA and Sun Palace Casino . Depending on your search, Belize is located on several different continents. However, it is situated in the Southernmost part of North America. The Computer Wagering Licensing Act of 1995 was among the pioneers to legalize online gambling. Operators who wish to obtain a license must located in within the country but allow servers outside of the country and are prohibited from accepting Belize residents. Take a look at our list of online casinos that are currently accepting players from Belize here . It is unlawful for Costa Ricans to gamble online or bet money on any game of chance. It is, however, legal for gambling operators to set up business and internet gambling in Costa Rica. As a result, it is a prime location and a major destination for owners of gaming portals. Some websites do allow players from Costa Rica , but we advise you play at your own risk. A few casinos worth mentioning are Drake Casino , Jackpot Capital , and Royal Panda . Enforcing any gambling laws in El Salvador has been a difficult process to control for the government. Currently, the country does not allow any licensing for online gambling operators. The laws are confusing and do not explicitly state that internet gambling is illegal. El Salvadorians play at offshore establishments where they are accepted by many gaming portals. Popular casino websites accepting this region of players include Omni , Luckland Casino and Drake Casino . All forms of gambling are illegal in Guatemala, but operators typically look the other way to the law. There are currently no regulations for online gambling portals and citizens in this region must seek offshore establishments. Guatemalans who choose to engage in online gambling should do so cautiously. We have a list of casinos that are now accepting residents from this area. Some favorites spots include Bet365 , 32 Red, and Mr Green , There are liement laws regarding gambling in Honduras. Citizens in this region offer gambling entertainment including online gaming websites that are legal. Players are free to indulge in poker, racing and sports. A large selection of online casinos is available to Honduran players to engage in real money wagers. In 1979 the Sandinista government banned all forms of gambling. Not until in recent years has the ban slowly shifted. There are no specific laws regarding online gambling. Therefore, Nicaraguans access offshore websites. A wide range of divisions is available ranging from poker, table games and sports betting. Pick an online casino that best fits your needs from exclusive list focused on the Nicaragua community . Considered one of the smaller jurisdictions for issuing online gambling licenses, Panama has a limited number of brands in this region. Initially, the licensing law was passed in 2002 and The Junta de Control de Juegos Gaming Control Board is responsible for monitoring the gambling websites. Internet gaming is a large draw for natives of Panama. There is a vast selection of casinos to choose from . Among the popular casinos accepting residents from this area is Slots Plus , Las Vegas USA and Sun Palace Casino . Albanian citizens are legal to participate in gambling in all forms. The Gambling Monitoring Unit regulates the country's online gaming. For operators to provide online services, they are required to apply for a license and fulfill all necessary requirements. Social and skill games, along with games of luck are permitted under Albania’s regulations. While the country has taken steps to block foreign gambling sites, it has had little success as of yet. Check out a complete list of online casinos that accept Albanians here . Outside of lottery operations, online gambling is strictly forbidden in Belarus. In 2012, the country’s government passed a law which made it illegal to engage in play by accessing foreign websites. Additionally, foreign gambling sites are blocked by ISPs. While it has been reported that Belarus has plans for a state-run online gambling option, little has yet to come of it. See which online casinos accept people from Belarus . In Bosnia and Herzegovina, online gambling remains well regulated by Republika Uprava Za Igre Na Srecu, which operates under the Ministry of Finance. More specifically, online gambling is legal, and citizens are permitted to engage in online play . The first online casino license was granted to WILLIAMS in 2011. The operator serves as the largest in Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 2013, an attempted ban was posed to keep players from accessing foreign sites. The ban did not stick and was ultimately lifted. In 2012, Bulgarian Parliament passed an updated Gambling Law, designed to allow operators an opportunity to acquire a Bulgarian gaming license to legally provide services to the country’s citizens. It also places a ban on the promotion of online gaming, while also placing unlicensed casinos on a blacklist, and having those sites blocked and fined. The country’s first online gaming license was granted to PokerStars and PokerStars.bg in 2014, with Betfair receiving its second license. View our Bulgaria online gambling guide for further details. Online gambling is legal for Croatian citizens over the age of 18, as a result of an ordinance passed in July of 2010. Citizens are permitted to play at the Croatian State Lottery site, which provides services for bingo, keno, sports betting, land-based casinos, and online foreign operators. Operators are permitted to provide services to Croatian citizens, as long as they run a land-based casino within its borders, and its servers are located in Croatia. In 2014, the country approved laws to create a legal and open, online-based poker market. See how this country compares to others in Eastern Europe . Cyprus allows lottery sales and fixed-odds sports betting online. However, the National Betting Authority (Εθνική Αρχή Στοιχημάτων) created a blacklist of some 2,500 gambling websites and in late 2016 instructed all ISPs in the country to block those domains. Online casino gaming including poker and exchange betting is forbidden under the Betting Law of 2012. Greek monopoly holder OPAP runs the lottery in Cyprus . Currently, online sportsbooks are permitted in the Czech Republic. Among the top sports betting operators, with official licenses, include Fortuna, Chance, SAZKA, Synop Tip, and TipSport. In order to gain access to online games, citizens must first register at a land-based facility. This particular measure was implemented as a means of regulating underage gambling. It is also required that operators be located within borders to provide services. All other forms of online gambling are illegal, despite offshore operators continuing to offer online games to Czech citizens . Two main laws are regulating the state of online gambling in Estonia: the Gambling Tax Act and the Gambling Act. Online gambling laws only started going into effect in the country in 2010 and were created to generate a new source of income during a time when the economy was down. The laws granted local operators to provide online services to citizens. In 2011, the country opened the door to operators outside its borders as long as a license is obtained from Estonian authorities. Any unlicensed gambling operators are blocked. Take a look at our full online casinos guide here . Gambling activity in Greece is regulated by Law 4002/2011. The law covers land-based and online betting. In reality, the market is dominated by OPAP, a monopoly once partially owned by the Greek government. The government has blacklisted over 300 gambling domains and expects Greek ISPs to block the sites. Greek banks are not allowed to process payments to or from any of the blacklisted companies. For a list of online betting sites willing to take bets from Greek players please click here . In Hungary, it is legal for citizens to participate in all forms of online gambling, with products made available by Szerencsejáték. Mobile gambling was also legalized in 2002. In 2014, the Hungarian Gambling Act made it so that online casinos are only permitted to provide services in the event that they also run a land-based facility. Be sure to view our list of Hungary-friendly casinos in our Hungary online gambling guide . In Kosovo, the Law on Games of Chance (Law No. 04/L-080) was passed in 2012. The law seems to only apply to gambling operators and not to players, leaving residents free to choose any offshore gambling site they feel comfortable with, as long as the company accepts players from Kosovo. Many online casinos accept players from Kosovo , but most do not offer bonuses to them. Thanks to the 2006 Gambling and Lotteries Law, citizens in Latvia are permitted to engage in online gambling. The legalization, however, is strictly limited to operators specifically licensed to operate in Latvia. As of 2014, the country has also created a blacklist of online gaming sites, via the Lotteries and Gambling Supervision Inspection. As a result, the country appears to be limiting the number of licenses granted to online gaming operators to provide services within the country’s borders. For further details, take a look at our Latvia online gaming section . Unfortunately, the state of online gambling in Lithuania remains in much of a gray area. In 2014, the country drafted a legislation requesting that the European Commission approve online gaming laws, which would allow operators based in Lithuania to offer online gaming services to the country’s citizens. However, the European Commission has yet to make its ruling on the matter. The most recent information regarding online gambling in the country came from 2016 when the Lithuania Gambling Control Authority made a move to prevent unlicensed operators from offering services within the country. Macedonia took major steps toward forming a regulated online gambling market in 2014, following a slew of online gaming sites leaving its market, including Bodog and PartyPoker. In an effort to do so, the government joined hands with Casinos Austria to create an organization to provide online gaming services, including lottery, poker, and sports betting options. It was designed to run as a monopoly. For more information, check out our full Macedonia gambling guide here . The only licensed online gaming provider in Moldova is The National Lottery of Moldova. In 2011, the Minister of Finance made it so that The National Lottery of Moldova would have a monopoly in gambling, controlling all services, such as slot games, lotteries, casinos, and bookmaker facilities. Also in 2011, Amaya Gaming Group was granted a contract, good for 20 years, to provide the Lottery with its gaming solutions. In 2012, the Ministry of Finance proposed an increase in gambling licenses and mobile services. Little has been implemented to the country’s gambling regulations since. The Game of Chance Administration in Montenegro has regulated online gambling since 2011 and land based gambling since 2006. Licensed online operators can offer casino games, slots, poker, live dealer games, sports betting, and even binary options but no lottery services. Companies licensed there can accept players from Montenegro as well as worldwide. Players there can also access offshore casinos accepting players from Montenegro . All forms of online gambling were made illegal in Poland, via laws passed in both 2009 and 2011. More specifically, all online gambling was deemed illegal, except for sports betting. The government maintained that sports betting could be an exception, due to its inability to be fixed. Additionally, the country grants licenses to online sportsbooks sparingly, and only to those located within its borders. If companies are found to be operating illegally in Poland, strict penalties are outlined in the regulations, though not regularly enforced. Online gambling was officially made legal in Romania in 2010, after being neither officially legal or illegal prior to that point. The law in 2010 made it so that online gambling was legal, but only to those having a legitimate gambling license. There proved to be quite a catch with this particular law, as there was no such body available to grant this type of license, which led to outside operators providing their services to Romanian citizens, with little to be done about it. In 2013, a regulatory body to grant licenses was created, though due to a number of reasons, continue to be challenged by the EU. Harsh laws are in play in regards to gambling in Russia, both online and land based. To put it simply, the country is mostly in opposition to the pastime. Back in 2006, the government passed a law banning all online gambling, followed by a law banning all forms of gambling, aside from four elected zones in 2009. The government has also created a regularly updated blacklist, containing a series of websites which must be blocked by Internet service providers. The list includes all gambling-related content. It has been reported. However, that poker software remains unblocked, meaning that players can access and play for real money. Despite laws in place, residents continue to participate in play at unlicensed options operating outside the country’s borders, due in part to minimal consequences for being caught. View further details via our Russia guide . Serbia passed legislation in 2011 that went into effect the next year getting rid of the state monopoly over online gambling. It also set up a framework for licensing online gambling sites in the country. In 2012 the government created a blacklist of unlicensed sites and instructed ISPs serving Serbia to block the domains. In order to serve games of chance in Serbia, remote gambling sites must be connected to the Games of Chance Administration network. For a list of well known offshore casinos that do not ban Serbian players please see this page . Sportna Loterija serves as a main hub within Slovenia, delivering citizens with access to sports betting, lottery, and other online games. In 2010, the government posed an amendment which would require internet service providers (ISPs) to block gambling sites operating beyond borders. In 2013, the country’s government made another attempt to bring the gambling market up to par with EU law, but no changes have been made as of yet. 2016 marked the proposition of legislation which would remove any limitations on online gambling licenses. Check out our full Slovenia guide here . The state of online gambling in Ukraine is one that is not uncommon among European countries. The country’s government banned the operation of all online gambling sites prior to finally legalizing gambling in most forms in August of 2020. However, players are almost completely left out of the equation, with plenty of opportunities to participate in play on foreign betting sites. The law which banned all forms of gambling in Ukraine, other than the lottery, was passed in 2009. Despite further legislation to ban sites outside of the country’s borders from providing services to citizens in 2011, players continue to visit foreign operators as well as online sites licensed by the government. Like land-based gambling, online betting is also deemed illegal in Bahrain. The only option available to residents is foreign-operated sites . Luckily, citizens face little risk of prosecution, as there have been no reports of such instances. Though, the government has taken strict precautions to block several international options. There are nearly 30 land based casinos in Egypt, but residents are not allowed to gamble in them. The gambling laws of Egypt do not address online gaming, so the people there are free to access any offshore casino or betting site that will accept their deposits . There aren't currently any online gambling sites operating out of Egypt, at least none that are registered. There are no official online lottery outlets for the Egyptian National Lottery. However, several lottery messenger services and online retailers service the market. Because the primary religion in Iran is Islam, gambling in the country is forbidden for both land-based and online play. The government makes an effort to block foreign online casinos from being accessed as well. However, it is not clear if authorities take strict measures if a citizen is caught playing, so it is recommended that users be wary of this. Here is a list of online casinos accepting players from Iran . Like many of its neighbouring countries with a high Islamic population, gambling in all forms is illegal in Iraq. According to section 7 of its 1969 Penal Code , those operating or participating in any type of land-based gambling may be subject to time in prison. Operators tend to be more severely prosecuted than players. The government takes steps to block foreign gambling sites, though there is little information regarding consequences for participation in offshore site play. View a list of online casinos accepting players from Iraq . Casino gambling is illegal in Israel and the government's policy as been to extend that ban to online casinos. It is acceptable for residents to access certain sports betting sites, the national lottery, and to bet on horse races online. Any other form of online gambling is difficult to accomplish as payment processors have been called on to stop issuing payments. At one point Israel was home to some of the biggest software and game providers in the industry including Playtech and 888. Now, the government goes so far as to filter the internet in an attempt to block residents from accessing offshore casinos. But where there is a will, there is a way, and many Israelis have found their way around the impediments to sites like House of Jack Casino and UK Casino Club . Both land-based and online gambling is restricted in Jordan. The illegality of the past time is mostly due to the country’s high population of Muslims. However, the government has not made any efforts to block foreign gambling providers, and therefore, players are not prosecuted for betting on such sites. View our Jordan online casinos page for more information. Kuwait has a high percentage of Muslim individuals, and due to Islamic teachings, gambling is forbidden in this country. Unlike many of its neighboring countries which do not tend to prosecute players for accessing international sites , Kuwait will take legal action against those caught doing so. In fact, a number of cases have been reported in which citizens have been arrested. The government of Lebanon allows residents there to access a single gambling site which sells lottery tickets. Otherwise, they actively attempt to filter all offshore casinos and sports betting sites to block access from within the country. The Lebanon blacklist cannot possibly be updated as quickly as new internet casinos come online, but it has proved to be an effective tool in keeping Lebanese money in the local land casino. That said, there are numerous online casinos that will accept wagers if the player can get to them. Due to the high population of Muslims in the country, all forms of gambling are forbidden in Oman, as outlined in the Quran. The only advantage to the online gambling community is the fact that it is not strictly enforced like land-based gaming. While gambling-related content is somewhat blocked on websites, those who manage to access offshore sites do not typically face prosecution. Take a look at our list of Oman-friendly casinos here . Due to the large following of Islam in this area, gambling of any kind is considered illegal, along with alcohol. While residents may still access offshore betting sites , there is little information regarding the region’s stance on prosecution for doing so. Gambling in all forms is illegal in Qatar. This, of course, applies to online gambling as well. According to the country’s Qatari penal code, those caught in the act, can face up to three months of jail time, or a serious fine. Though, currently, there are few instances in which individuals have actually been prosecuted. The ban against gambling does not specifically address offshore sites, so it can be assumed that residents are free to access international options. Check out our complete guide to Qatar online gambling. Online gambling is prohibited in this country, and this is particularly due to its Muslim population. The religion forbids all forms of gambling. Any players participating in illegal online play may be forced to pay fees or even face possible jail time. Though, reported instances of prosecution are few to non-existent. Nonetheless, here is a list of online casinos available to players in Saudi Arabia . Unfortunately, an outbreak of war and protests put an end to land-based gambling in the country, ultimately making online play illegal as well. Though, due to the current war going on, the government is not regularly monitoring online activity, meaning that those who choose to play illegally are not likely to face prosecution. However, a low internet penetration poses yet another problem for the country. For more information, browse our Syria online casino guide . As a result of a law passed in 2007, online gambling in Turkey is not permitted, with one exception being the state-owned sports betting company, IDDAA . It serves as the only operator, within borders, with the ability to offer online gambling services. Additionally, there are laws in place which restrict banks from authorizing transactions to online casino accounts. Residents are also prohibited from using offshore services , with penalties including hefty fines. While sports betting and race betting is legal in the seven emirates that make up The United Arab Emirates ; Abu Dhabi, Ajman, Dubai, Fujairah, Ras Al Khaimah, Sharjah, and Umm Al Quwain (as long as you are only betting on your own performance), no casino gambling is allowed in the UAE on land or online. In fact, no form of gambling is allowed over the internet at all and the law is actively enforced. Players who access online betting in any form can receive up to a 2-year prison sentence. In an effort to follow Islamic Law, all forms of gambling are forbidden in Yemen. This applies to online gambling as well. While sites operating illegally may not be prosecuted under Yemen law, players found betting on these sites can, though there is no information regarding instances of this actually happening. Most offshore sites are also blocked. Take a look at our complete online casinos for Yeman gambling guide . Anguilla is a British overseas territory in the Caribbean. It is a popular tax haven as it has no capital gains, estate, profit or other forms taxes on individuals or corporations. However, it has a very religious population and government that does not look kindly on gambling for the most part. There are no casinos there and no state lottery. In order to gamble residents must either go online and play at one of the casinos accepting Anguilla residents , or take a ferry to neighboring Sint Maarten. Antigua and Barbuda are the grandfathers of online gambling license jurisdictions and they pioneered many player protection policies such as age restrictions and requiring licensees to publish problem gambling warnings on their websites. They were also the first jurisdiction to insist on the "ring-fencing" of funds so that players' deposits are never co-mingled with a casino's operating funds. This is in addition to a required minimum reserve gaming companies must carry on their books to cover player winnings. As of late 2017, the government website listed about half a dozen gaming and wagering companies licensed in Antigua and Barbuda . However, hundreds of offshore casinos accept players from there including iNetBet , known for loose slots and player friendly payouts, and StarGames , a European favorite. Aruba is a country in the Caribbean that began operating casinos in the 1950s just as Cuba's casinos were shutting down. The jurisdiction has been heavily criticized in the past for alleged money laundering through its online gambling sites. Online casino regulations in Aruba allow foreign and domestic players to visit online casinos licensed there, but that is about all that is known of Aruban casino licenses as the government doesn't publish any information on them. Some offshore sites that accept players from Aruba include Casino Extreme with immediate payout anywhere and Royal Panda Casino with one of the most diverse games portfolios online. Aruba seceded from the former Netherlands Antilles in 1986 starting a wave of discontent that ended with the dissolution of the country in 2010. Unfortunately, the Bahamas introduced a bill to Congress in 2013 to legalize internet gambling. However, it did not pass. It is not illegal for non-residents or tourist to gamble online, only natives of the country. Though illegal it is not enforced and authorities tend to look the other way. It is up to the player whether or not to play at any online gambling site. Check out some of our suggestions for Bahamian friendly casinos . On the island of Barbados, casino gambling is illegal but not be confused with all forms of gambling. Participating at online gaming sites is permitted. Natives can choose from an array of divisions including slots , sports betting and table games. For casinos accepting players from this region be sure to check out our extensive list here . In late 2016 Bermuda passed into law the Casino Gaming Amendment Act 2016 following-up on earlier progress made in 2014. Newly authorized casinos will be able to offer "eGaming Zones" in areas of the casinos where no physical gaming takes place. The law makes it clear that these are intranet rather than internet casino games. It further clarifies that the law does not affect residents and visitors who play at offshore casinos over the internet.This means that although Bermuda does not license online casinos, they also don't prohibit anyone from playing at them. Even though it took Bermuda a long time to come around to casino gaming on the island, people there have always been able to access quality sites like Bet365 Casino and others. Unlike some of its neighbors, including Aruba and Curaçao, Bonaire does not enjoy country status so they are not part of the “Kingdom of the Netherlands”, rather it is a special municipality of the country of the Netherlands. Bonaire left the kingdom with the dissolution of the country called Netherland Antilles in 2010 but did not become an independent nation. As part of the country of the Netherlands, Bonaire must comply with Dutch law, which as of July 2017 did not allow for online casino licenses. New legislation is expected to pass in 2017 and open the floodgates to online casino licenses under the Netherlands Gaming Authority. The British Virgin Islands does not allow gambling of any kind with the exception of charitable lotteries. That doesn't stop Puerto Rican Lottery sales though and many people buy tickets in hopes of winning. The law is actually so strict there that the police can enter your home or place of business on the mere suspicion of gambling activity and the offense carries a possible prison sentence. That said, several offshore sites still offer services to residents of the British Virgin Islands . The Cayman Islands is a well-known tax haven where gambling is considered illegal. The country does not permit the registration of offshore gaming companies. Residents there usually fly about 45 minutes from George Town to Kingstown, Jamaica to visit a casino or take their chances with authorities by visiting an online gambling site. Many offshore companies state that they will accept wagers from the Cayman Islands . The government of the Cayman Islands updated their criminal code in 2015 to specifically bar casino cruise ships from offering gaming while in port in the islands or within its territorial sea. It wasn't until the revolution was over that Fidel Castro banned all forms of gambling. This applies to online gambling as well, however, Cubans can participate in online gambling for real money wagering. The laws prohibiting gambling are strict though it is not common, anyone found breaking the law could face fines or jail time. Therefore it is advisable that residents in this region play at their own risk. Popular deposit and withdrawal methods in pesos include MasterCard, Visa, prepaid credit cards and e-wallets like Skrill and Neteller at most online casinos accepting Cuban players . Among them are All Slots , Casino Extreme and Drake Casino . The Curaçao Internet Gaming Association (CIGA) regulates online casinos licensed in the country. When it was part of the former Netherlands Antilles, Curaçao was one of the online casino jurisdictional pioneers, issuing their first licenses in 1996. The authority issues Master Licences and sub-licenses, which basically means that Master License holders can issue their own licenses. A single license in Curaçao covers all forms of interactive eGaming including Casinos, Sports Betting, Exchanges, Lottery, Games of Skill and Chance. Locals are allowed to gamble at CIGA licensed casinos or offshore. Treasure Mile is an example of an online casino that operates with a Curaçao eGaming license. The Commonwealth of Dominica , not to be confused with the nearby Dominican Republic, issues sportsbook and "Cyber-casino" licenses for a fee, as long as a potential operator also meets certain criteria such as having minimum paid-up capital of $500,000. More sports books than casinos are licensed here. The Ministry of Finance through the Dominica Financial Services Unit administers betting licenses as well as offshore banking licenses. Although not specifically codified as such, online gaming is not considered legal for residents and they cannot play at Dominica licenses sites. There is no evidence to suggest that the government interferes with Dominicans accessing offshore casinos like Drake Casino . Online gambling was legalized and regulated since 2006 and Dominican Republic was considered one of the newcomers from the Caribbean to join ranks in the industry. The first online gambling license was issued to Amaya Gaming Group and owner of such sites like Poker Stars and Full Tilt . Dominican friendly casinos to consider include: 32 Red , Crazy Vegas, and Casino Action. Grenada has been in the online casino licensing realm since 1998. All that was needed in the beginning was to move company offices to the island and keep a minimum reserve in a local bank in order to enjoy a license. In 2016 the country's parliament approved a bill that created a gaming commission to oversee the Grenada gaming sector that previously had no regulatory framework. The law also imposes up to 30% tax on gross receipts for some slot machine placements. No provisions have been made to license online casinos so residents and visitors will need to visit an online casino like Casino GrandBay in order to play casino games online. Guadeloupe is a French overseas territory located in the Caribbean. As such, it operates under the same laws as the country of France. No online casinos are licensed or considered to be legal. Online licenses are available for sports betting, horse race betting, and online poker. The fewer than half a million people living in Guadeloupe must find online casinos they can trust if they wish to play online. Many online website accept casino play from Guadaloupe residents. Haiti shares the island with the Dominican Republic but unlike the legalization of online gambling in that region Haitians are prohibited to place any bets on the internet. There are currently no regulations and playing at any gaming establishment for money should be done at your own discretion. Browse our list of casinos that are currently accepting players from Haiti. The Caribbean country of Jamaica issues licenses to operate an online gambling site from the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Commission. The law gets sticky for online gambling because it is illegal for residents to play, however, for tourists and non-residents it is perfectly legal. Jamaican friendly sites provide easy banking transactions for all depositing and withdrawal needs. Choose a casino that is regulated and licensed before making any cash deposits. Recommended sites to play at your own risk include are available here . The Caribbean island of Martinique is a French overseas territory and subject to the same laws as the French homeland. There are no online casinos based there, in accord with French law. Land casinos and sports betting are legal. Many overseas online gambling sites consider Martinique a restricted jurisdiction, which means they will not accept registration, deposits, or wagers from Martinicans. Royal Panda is one casino that will. Montserrat is a British Overseas Territory located in the Caribbean. Only a few thousand people remain on the island after a volcanic eruption occurred in 1995. There is no land based or online casino in Montserrat but the people there can play online at Win A Day Casino with 100% confidence in being paid when they win. The Netherlands Antilles is a former country comprised of several islands. It was part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands before the country was dissolved in 2010. Online casinos were licensed in one of the former constituents, Curaçao . The Netherlands Antilles is no longer a gambling jurisdiction. As part of the official territory of the United States, Puerto Rico online gambling laws are restricted to a US federal level. But like the US, internet gambling laws are determined on a state by state basis. There is no current legislation permitting Puerto Rican residents to wager real money on any game of chance on the internet. There are a number of offshore websites that do permit players from this region to place bets on poker, sports and casinos. There is very little information regarding gambling of any kind on the island, therefore, it can be assumed that all forms of gambling are legal. Online gambling, in particular, is unregulated, and based on the government’s laws, locals do not appear to be restricted from accessing offshore sites. For further details, you can view a complete guide to online betting in Saint Barthelemy, here . Saint Kitts and Nevis is a fully independent Commonwealth that has had legalized online and land-based gambling since the implementation of the Betting and Gaming (Control) Act of 1999. In order to obtain a casino license, an operator must own and operate a hotel with at least 200 rooms among other requirements. The license is valid for online gambling as well. However, Saint Kitts and Nevis residents are not accepted at locally licensed sites. The good news is that the government does not go after gamblers there who play at offshore sites. One of the hundreds of online casinos that accept wagers from people in Saint Kitts and Nevis is Mr Green Casino . Online gambling is not regulated in Saint Lucia, however, there is one casino resort there and a few hundred video lottery terminal operated by a consortium called CAGE which is comprised of Aristocrat Gaming, Scientific Games, IGT/GTECH, and Inspire Gaming. The Saint Lucia government does not have a framework in place for licensing or regulating online casinos and none seem to be operating from there. Residents are free to play if they choose to, but the church is very influential and most online players probably keep their activities private. Ignition Casino is one of many offshore gaming sites that accept players from Saint Lucia. Saint Martin is a French overseas collectivity which shares a Caribbean island with the Dutch Sint Maarten, which has been a country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands since 2010. Each portion of the island has its own government and laws. Land casinos operate on the French side as well as the Dutch side of the island. Saint Martin seceded from Guadeloupe, a French overseas territory in 2007, to become a collectivity of France and kept their status as a member of the EU. In short, there are no online casinos licensed there but residents are free to play at offshore sites that accept their deposits such as BetOnline Casino Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is often simply referred to as Saint Vincent as that is the island with the largest population and the seat of government. The government there has the authority to issue land casino and online licenses under the Gambling, Lotteries, and Betting Act. When the International Monetary Fund requested information on licensing details for two casinos formerly licensed there the government was unable to provide any documents. Lottery agents there are not even monitored for compliance with AML/CFT requirements. People of the islands must choose from offshore operators in order to gamble online. One casino that has accepted deposits and paid winners in St. Vincent since 1998 is Slotland . Sint Maarten is a country in the Caribbean that is part of the “Kingdom of the Netherlands”. It comprises the southern half of the island of Saint Martin which is a French overseas collectivity operating under separate laws. Sint Maarten has no regulatory framework in force and does not issue online gaming licenses. It is currently under a moratorium barring it from doing so. Residents there are free to play at overseas casinos including those licensed by their neighbors in Curaçao . Until the omnibus land and online casino bill in Trinidad and Tobago is finally signed into law there is no comprehensive framework for casino regulation in the modern era. As of July 2017, the government doesn't issue licenses for online casino operators, but neither do they prohibit citizens from playing online from there. The government is working hard to capture all of the revenue that is currently going to offshore companies with no obligations to the state coffers. For now, online players in Trinidad and Tobago and can access trusted online sites like All Slots Casino which offers sign-up bonuses and games from major providers like Microgaming and NetEnt. This island country of Turks and Caicos unlike some neighboring countries in the Caribbean have legalized online gambling. Residents in the region can enjoy virtually all forms of gambling ranging from sports to lottery gaming. When not playing at land based casinos enjoy the relaxation of playing from home at popular websites that warmly welcome players from Turks and Caicos . Online casinos were specifically legalized in the U.S. Virgin Islands in 2011. Residents are only allowed to access sites that are licensed there. Online casinos licensed in the U.S. Virgin Islands can only accept wagers from players in countries where online gambling is legal. However, U.S. law is unclear as to what constitutes unlawful internet gambling with the last Justice Department opinion (as of July 2017) stating that federal laws banning internet gambling only apply to sports betting. Many online casinos still accept players from the U.S. Virgin Islands . Far East Asia Casinos and Gambling East Asia encompasses the countries of China, the Philippines , South Korea, Japan and others on the mainland as well as the special administrative regions of Macau and Hong Kong; Malaysia, and Singapore along with far-flung places like the Maldives and the British Indian Ocean Territory where there are no casinos as there are none in Indonesia. By far, the most important economic center of casino activity in the world is Macau . Yearly revenues dwarf those of even Las Vegas, but it's not the only important gambling mecca in the region. Two major casinos opened in Singapore in 2010 - Marina Bay Sands and Resorts World Sentosa with nearly a quarter million square feet of gaming space between them. Resorts World Genting nearly matches that and features the world's largest hotel. South Korea is a major player in its own right between Jeju Island and Hard Rock International's $5 billion integrated casino resort opening next to the Seoul Incheon International Airport. Vietnam now allows its citizens to play in some casinos there and is seeing major, multi-billion dollar investments in casino resorts in metropolitan areas and beachside in the outlying provinces. Japan has the potential to outstrip Macau revenues by some projections but as of late 2017, lawmakers have not yet decided on the regulatory framework or casino density and other rules, leaving the country's eventual economic importance an open question. Until plans are firmed up, licenses awarded, and business plans released, you can explore all of the horse racing venues of Japan . Although Macau has implemented planned growth and requires alternative entertainment in all new development, one synergy most of East Asia lacks is a harmonious relationship between family tourism and casino gambling. Most of the great tourist attractions of the region lack casinos. There are casinos in Nepal , but Indonesia is bereft and the powers that be in Mongolia have yet to create a pathway for the industry to make inroads and fatten their coffers with much-needed gambling revenues. The Philippines has created their own "mini-Macau" and development is proceeding away from the urban centers and away from Metro Manila . The most phenomenal growth in East Asian gambling has actually been online. Although the markets are grey and even black - Chinese, Singaporean and Malaysian online customers are flocking to online casinos and sports betting sites whenever they can figure out how to get their money into and out of the casinos. Use the menu here to explore the countries, laws, casinos, and other gambling opportunities available in East Asia. The deeper you drill, the more refined the information becomes. Western Europe Casinos and Gambling Most Western European countries attempt to abide by guidelines adopted by the European Commission when updating their gambling laws. In practice, individual nations are free to establish governmental or private monopolies or allow for more than one operator to be licensed. Pre-Brexit, the UK already had a robust regulatory framework with stringent controls and licensing requirements through their Gambling Commission and the Gambling Act of 2005. The UKGC administers both online and terrestrial casinos and all other forms of betting in Great Britain including the National Lottery, sports betting, and horse racing. However, cross-border protections are virtually non-existent. To date, there has been no EU legislation passed that deals specifically with gambling, so individual countries enact their own laws and legislation, mostly in accord with the EU's suggested framework. Most of the EU's focus is on internet gambling as that is the sector that reaches across borders. France has a long history of gambling and is home to a thriving casino industry. Most of the casinos are located in the south. See a map and list of all French casinos. Online operators licensed in France are not allowed to offer casino gambling. The people of France simply choose online casinos from the world at large. Monaco has its own government, gambling laws, and illustrious casinos. The Spanish Gambling Act of 2011 covers betting in all 17 autonomous communities of Spain. The El Gordo lottery “el Sorteo Extraordinario de Navidad” is big business and online gambling is booming especially football betting. The land casinos of Spain see heavy footfall from citizens and visitors alike. There is virtually no region in Spain without a casino. Gibraltar, Malta and a few other Mediterranean area countries have casinos as well. Germany has casinos in more than 50 cities along with thousands of slots in various pubs across the country. While poker and slots are everywhere, Germans seem to be most interested in sports betting . Great cities like Berlin and Munich host grand casinos, as well as electronic gaming parlors and the country's perimeter has plenty of casinos near the borders. Most of the Nordic countries allow gambling, but betting in Norway is tightly controlled with no real casinos there. As much as the peoples enjoy gambling, most of it occurs online in the north. Lotteries are offered throughout the continent. Click here for more information on el Gordo, Euro Million and all the world's lotteries. Poker remains popular in Western European card rooms and casinos and more countries are opening their player pools to shared liquidity - yet the dreamed of EU-wide poker room still does not exist. Some of the world's finest parimutuel facilities are located in Western Europe and each track presents differences and variations US race fans can only dream of. North America Casinos and Gambling World Casino Directory gives full attention to the most active casino continent in the world, North America . More than a quarter of the world's casinos are in the USA . It all started in Las Vegas in the 1930's but Atlantic City began sharing the spotlight in the 1970's followed by a little town called Deadwood, South Dakota in the 80's and then the Gulf Coast in the 90's. Now there are casinos and card clubs in every state except Utah and Hawaii. In spite of the vast numbers, the location of casinos in the USA is very specific. Aside from tribal casinos on reservation lands, the only states to allow gambling statewide are Nevada and Louisiana . All other states restrict gambling to specific areas - like Atlantic City, in New Jersey and sometimes to riverboats or racetracks in other states. While gambling itself is legal under the federal law of the United States, there are certain restrictions for interstate and online gambling. To be more precise, the Federal Wire Act of 1961 banned interstate wagering on sports, but without addressing other forms of gambling. In addition to this, the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act of 2006 (UIGEA) did not specifically prohibit online gambling either but vetoed financial transactions involving online gambling service providers. While this resulted in a number of operators ceasing their activities in this market, the others decided to stay and continue serving local clientele. California, Delaware, Florida, Illinois, Iowa, Indiana, Louisiana, Michigan, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, and West Virginia are US states where online gambling is fully legal , but the list of states accepting it keeps on growing. Compared to other corners of the world, the list of providers is somewhat limited, yet there’s more than enough to choose from. Some of the most popular US-friendly online games providers are Realtime Gaming (RTG) , Rival, BetSoft , Saucify, Nucleus Gaming, Vista Gaming, Slotland , Arrows Edge, and others. Pari-mutuel facilities are available in the U.S. hosting events like jai alai, horse racing, and some greyhound races. Nearly every state in the U.S. has a lottery. Check in on USA lottery results here . Canada has over 100 casinos and slot parlors. The larger properties offer slots, craps, roulette, keno, blackjack, baccarat and more. Many of the slot parlors are located at horse racing facilities and slot revenues help to keep the pari-mutuel industry healthy. Integrated casino resorts are opening from Vancouver , British Columbia to the Greater Toronto Area in the province of Ontario . Canadians take great pride in their local fare so be sure to visit fine dining establishments in the casinos. B.C. casinos offer fresh Pacific seafood and the casinos in Quebec offer French Canadian cuisine from poutines to gourmet seven-course meals. Online casinos generally offer the same odds and better payback percentages than land-based casinos in Canada. If you’re a Canadian looking to play online, CanadianCasinos has a lot of knowledge about Canadian online casinos and bring you fair and trustworthy information about the online gaming scene in Canada. As for the online gambling market, Ontario opened its door to this form of entertainment on April 4, 2022. The body in charge of governing this sector is the Alcohol and Gaming Commission of Ontario (AGCO) in cooperation with iGaming Ontario established in July 2021. Aside from the stringent licensing procedure, operators need to comply with the set of technical requirements to be able to operate in this Canadian province. Some of those requirements include a ban on auto-play for slots and the minimum spin speed limited to 2.5 seconds. Ever since the market went live, numerous software providers received licenses to enter Ontario, with new ones being welcomed regularly. Some of the companies greenlighted for this market include Evolution , Playtech, Armadillo Studios , Wazdan, Quickspin, Kalamba, Wizard Games and others. Canadians are avid lottery players. You can check Canadian lottery results here . Mexico has seen a boom in their casino industry over the last decade. There are now more than 300 casinos and others could be coming to resort areas like Puerto Vallarta and Cabo San Lucas. You'll find everything from slot parlors with sports books to full-scale casinos. Every Mexican state offers some form of gambling. Many of the regional casino operators also offer online gaming. Click to see a map of all the casinos in Mexico . Greenland, as well as Saint Pierre and Miquelon, are physiographically located in North America, but there is no gambling in either location. You can find more detailed information in the North America drop-down menu below. Those descriptions, in turn, will take you to complete gambling guides for each country. South America Casinos and Gambling South America lies mostly in the southern hemisphere with part of Brazil and a handful of other countries being situated above the equator. Parts of Venezuela and Colombia have shorelines on the Caribbean Sea with the rest of the continent surrounded by the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans. Most of the nicer casinos are on or near the seaside with Argentina leading the way in casino development, including gaming venues spread throughout the interior. Chile has a long coastline on the Pacific side to the west and is also seeing a lot of new development. Brazil sees more tourists than any other Latin American country and is the largest nation in South America, but there are no casinos there. Along with Brazil's Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo who receive nearly 4 million foreign visitors each year - arrivals in Buenos Aires, Argentina and Colombian cities like Bogota also greatly contribute to the nearly 100 million who come to Latin America every year. Ecuador is a beautiful country with coastal wonders, cultural wealth, the Galápagos Islands and interior geography that will take visitors from the Amazon rain forest into the high Andes - but there have been no casinos there for a few years. Paraguay and Uruguay have a few nice casinos with some in operation for over a hundred years. Aside from Peru's mixture of high class casino hotels and the slightly scary little hole in the wall slot parlors and illegal casinos, there isn't much of a gambling industry in the smaller countries like Guyana, French Guiana, or the Falkland Islands. One gambling locale you don't hear much about, but might be worth visiting is Suriname . Travel to the interior is not suggested but a vigilant visitor will find some great gaming in the capital city. The two must-visit casinos are located on opposite sides of the continent. Casino Ovalle in Chile is newer and well managed while the impressive Trilenium Casino in Tigre, Argentina offers everything you'd expect from a Las Vegas casino resort including about a quarter million sq ft of gaming space spread over three levels, a poker room, fine dining, nightlife, and entertainment. It's a huge complex surrounded by a theater, amusement park, water park, and an outdoor amphitheater that hosts top Latin acts. Take a brief walk to visit China Town Tigre for out of this world street food, and a shopping mall selling Asian goods. All of the casinos of South America can be found by following the guides below. ¡Que tengas buen viaje. Oceania Casinos / Australasia Gambling Oceania is a vast region covering 8,525,989 sqm (3.292 million sq miles) that encompasses Australasia, Melanesia, Micronesia, and Polynesia with a total population of over 40 million. Australia, New Zealand, the Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI), Vanuatu, New Caledonia, and Samoa are the most important countries regarding gambling in the region. Australia reigns supreme for the volume of players and casinos, but the single highest grossing tables on the planet are to be found in Saipan at a casino operated by former Macau junket operator Imperial Pacific. Australia is the home of Crown Resorts and the Packer legacy. In early 2017 James Packer pulled out of his company's partnership with Lawrence Ho's Melco, leaving China's playground of Macau to focus all of his efforts on his homeland. In addition to Crown Melbourne Entertainment Complex and Crown Perth Entertainment Complex, the company is building a massive integrated resort in Sydney at Barangaroo. The other major players in Australia are Star (Echo) Entertainment and Skycity Entertainment Group. Star is part of a consortium developing Star Brisbane with the help of Asian investors. Australia also accounts for a large portion of world online gambling revenue even though there are no online casinos licensed there or regulated by the government. Australian players will always find a venue and a few private companies stepped up when the publically traded poker and casino sites pulled out with an amended law in 2017. Skycity operates half of the casinos in New Zealand . About 1,750 km east of Australia you'll find Vanuatu with oceanside casino gambling and a growing online presence. New Caledonia is one of the only French territories that offer casino gambling, even though many others could become licensed under current law. Samoa is the home to one casino with a sister-site struggling for years to open. Not mentioned earlier are the Solomon Islands which also hosts casinos in the capital city. Most people travel there to visit the War Museum, and surf or scuba dive in Gizo or Malaita. The entire region is a tourism mecca with literally thousands of islands to visit, each with their own rich culture and geography. For anyone who wishes they could go to some deserted tropical island, the South Pacific is definitely the place to look for one. Explore all of the nations of Oceania and find detailed information on casinos from Mulifanua to Christchurch and beyond. Africa Casinos and Gambling Gambling in Africa is widespread and popular, but nowhere on the vast continent is the pastime enjoyed by so many as it is in South Africa . Some of the smaller countries, especially those in oil-rich coastal regions may have more illegal casinos than licensed ones. However, many African nations do offer safe, regulated gambling establishments. Much of the interior of Africa is unsafe for travel, especially for westerners. However, if you follow our gambling guides below, and back up the information with up to the minute advice by contacting local embassies and consulates, even out of the way African destinations can provide great gambling opportunities. Of course you would never travel to South Sudan or Western Sahara expecting to gamble with anything but your life, but Morocco presents perfectly viable options as do some interior countries such as Zimbabwe and Botswana . Kenya can be a safe place to visit and you'll find dozens of casinos there, most of them in Nairobi . The landlocked country of Lesotho , completely surrounded by South Africa offers a casino to rival any, if not in size, at least in quality with 5-star accommodations and fine dining. There are about 40 land-based casinos operating in South Africa. Gambling establishments are spread throughout the country as can be seen by visiting our South Africa casino map . Switch to satellite view and zoom into a casino in a major metropolitan area and you may be able to see a Google Street View or even inside the casino. Visit our South Africa casino guide to see online casinos popular in the country as well as the most recent SA lottery results or even buy lottery tickets for any of the world's most popular lotteries. South Africans also enjoy parimutuel wagering and you can find a list of horse racing tracks here . Tourism supports about 10% of the jobs in SA with diverse offerings from the Cape to Kruger Park in the northern part of the country. Casinos can be found at safari parks, but ecotourism is becoming increasingly popular as well. The country boasts eight UNESCO World Heritage sites including uKhahlamba Drakensberg Park in KwaZulu-Natal and the iSimangaliso Wetland Park. Many of the casinos are family-friendly destinations with all-ages entertainment and child care facilities so the parents can gamble while the children play in a safe and supervised environment. Central Asian Casinos and Gambling Central Asia comprises a dozen countries and several of them offer legal gambling opportunities. Obviously, the Muslim dominated countries such as Pakistan or Tajikistan do not allow gambling, and Afghanistan wouldn't be a good bet even if peace were the order of the day there. However, in Kazakhstan there is a thriving casino industry albeit confined to certain semi-remote gambling zones. Gambling is legal in Turkmenistan as well but information about licensed casinos is hard to come by and most online players visit Russian internet casinos with no regulations to protect them. Armenia has a handful of casinos, mostly catering to local clientele but some do draw money from Russian visitors. After a brief legal hiatus, Kyrgyzstan may be opening a major resort now that the government has firm control of legal gambling activities there. Azerbaijan has an on-again-off-again relationship with gambling including internet lotteries and sports betting. The biggest Central Asian gambling market is most certainly India with the country's rising middle class and new elites finding enjoyment in online casinos and gambling floors next to and in luxury hotels. Some online betting is legal there but most of it occurs without government permission. Indians love sports betting more than almost any other form of gambling.  A few land casinos are in operation with no croupiers or dealers but the dealer-staffed gambling boats with landbased luxury hotels do big business. Gambling law is in constant turmoil with commercial and ideological factions inside and outside the Indian government locked in mortal embrace year after year. There are several casinos just across the border in Nepal that attract a lot of business from India. Sri Lanka has a mini-Vegas in the capital city of Colombo and some of the casinos and hotels are luxury class venues. James Packer's Crown Resorts planned to build a massive integrated casino resort there but canceled plans in 2015 after an election that saw gambling opponents take power there. Georgia is one country to look to for future growth. Tbilisi offers three or four very nice casinos including  Casino Adjara and the Leogrand Hotel and Casino, while the  Black Sea resort city of Batumi offers tourism opportunities as well as a growing casino landscape. Regional gambling industry trade shows and conferences are held there at least once each year. In 2010 an internally displaced woman living in a refugee camp won the country's first-ever million-dollar jackpot on Christmas Eve. Although the casinos of Central Asia are not well-known globally, the industry is alive and well there and growing at a slow and steady pace. Casinos of Central America The World Casino Directory covers the casinos of Central America from the Mexican border in the north to the Panama Canal to the south. Casinos of the Caribbean are listed here . You will find Central American casinos to have a unique atmosphere to them and of course, they offer all your favorite casino games. Costa Rica is one of the most popular Central American gambling and tourist destinations with more casinos than any other country in the region. Most of them are located along the Pacific coast, but there are some on the Atlantic side of the isthmus too. The casinos of Panama are the largest in the region and most of them were developed after the turn of the 21st Century. Panama City is home to the Ocean Sun Casino at Trump Tower and other first-class venues, but you'll find them in Santiago, David, and other Panama cities as well. The Veneto Wyndham Grand Hotel & Casino on Morales Ave in the capital offers over 600 machines and almost 50 gaming tables including poker. Belize , El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Nicaragua all have casinos even though some are not licensed or otherwise regulated. If you stay in tourist-populated areas or where there are a good number of ex-pats, most of the casinos in the smaller Central American countries are perfectly safe and enjoyable to visit. While there is always some underground rumble about certain Eastern European 'bad actors' influencing casino operations further south, such as in Bolivia - that's not been the case in places like Belize. The highly respected Princess International, with casino and hotel properties throughout the Caribbean and Europe, operates the largest casino in Belize City - the Princess Hotel and Casino. The Fantastic brand has a few nice gambling rooms in Guatemala , they are usually located on the upper floors of malls and shopping centers. Princess runs a 20,000 sq ft "Video Loteria" in Guatemala City with VIP areas and a poker room. Crowne Plaza offers tables and slots as well as accommodations. The poker scene in Central America is simply to transient to describe, but for the most part, your best bets are San Jose in Costa Rica and Panama City. Inquire before you go or ask around once you get there, but stick to the licensed rooms , in quality casinos to stay on the safe side. For pari-mutuel betting, Hipodromo Presidente Remon in Panama City offers racing that is as good as it gets anywhere on earth. The facilities are owned by Codere Group who also have a casino there with about 250 slot machines and 25 gaming tables. Casino Cruise Ships - Oceanliner Casinos Casino cruise ships offer people in almost every jurisdiction the opportunity to gamble at sea. Cruise ships typically sail 7 miles offshore into international waters, so the casinos on them are unregulated venues and not subject to the laws of any given country. Many ships offer slots, and some offer virtually every game you would find in Las Vegas or Macau. In some locales, cruise ships offer the only hope for vacationers who want to gamble, but may not want to or be able to travel a long distance to a city that offers gambling. Blackjack, roulette, poker, and slots are standard on almost every vessel. Table limits can be as low as $1 for blackjack or 25 cents for roulette (Cunard Line) while Royal Caribbeans' Allure and Seabourn specialty cruises offer high limit tables. Some casino cruise ships are small crafts with one or two tables and two walls of slot machines sailing out of U.S. ports. There are also luxurious, private residential casino super ships like the upcoming Crusino with 200,000 square feet (17,650 sqm) of gambling space over two full decks. One supership sailing today is Royal Caribbean's Oasis of the Sea ; a 1,000-foot long ship boasting an 18,000 square foot casino complete with about 500 slot machines and 27 gaming tables, along with all of the entertainment you would expect at an integrated resort casino. Smoking is permitted in many casinos at sea, but non-smoking areas, including outdoor gaming areas, are usually provided. It is easy enough for non-smokers to find non-smoking excursions. The minimum age to gamble is 18 on most ships, but some Australian, UK, Japanese, Caribbean, and US sailings restrict gaming to guests 21 and older. Some of the more upscale casinos offer pre-approved lines of credit, all accept cash, and some allow you to use your onboard account for gambling. The one cruise line you will not find to offer gaming on any ship is Disney. The cruises are among the most expensive family-friendly voyages, but the adult-only sections are well accoutered and include pools and restaurants/lounges. Because ports of call change so frequently you will need to find up to the minute information to book a cruise. Check out our cruise ship gambling guide to learn more. Eastern Europe Casinos and Gambling Eastern Europe has a burgeoning casino industry online and on-land. Most EE countries are members of the European Union, and as such, they operate as their Western neighbors do by creating and enforcing their own gambling laws while trying to follow the EU and EC guidance for cross-border economic equality with regard to online gambling regulation. After the collapse of the Soviet Union, there was a period of disarray and refocusing as countries like Belarus , Romania, and Estonia asserted their independence and began focusing efforts on capturing revenues and providing regulatory frameworks in order to attract gambling businesses. By the mid-2010s a robust industry was seen to begin phenomenal growth. Countries like Albania have always had casinos but in 2005 the country's first legal casino opened in the capital city of Tirana following a 20-million-euro investment by Hyatt Regency. Eight million of that was for a 15 year license. A new law in 2015 saw an explosion in the growth of small club casinos by Astra and Admiral with over 50 venues in operation a scant two years later. After outlawing casinos earlier, Russia has opened a few of its gambling zones and the original Azov City casinos will close by January 1, 2019, in favor of the Sochi zone. The Primorye Entertainment Zone outside of Vladivostok has struggled to reach its potential but still attracts high-value players from the heretofore untapped northern Chinese market. While there are no universally agreed upon delineations for the segmentation of Europe into east, west, north, south, or central, you will find Cyprus listed here. The largest integrated casino resort in all of Europe is located in Limmosol and majority owned by Melco Resorts & Entertainment Limited of Macau. Visitors can choose any country from the list here to explore land-based legislation, gambling opportunities, and find a link to that country page then drill down by state and city, finally arriving at a full-featured review of any casino. When there is a hotel on the property, images and links are provided so that you can book a room or compare rates and amenities. Each country page also has an interactive map locating all casinos in the country with a special feature offering directions from anywhere to any casino. Online casino laws, as well as links to pages featuring internet casinos available from any country, can also be found on the menu next to the land based information. Enjoy your journey through Eastern Europe on the World Casino Directory! Middle East Casinos and Gambling The Middle East is not known as a tourist destination for gambling. Of the sixteen countries that we place in the region, only two have licensed operating casinos. Many do allow horse racing. However, legal betting may be another story. Egypt is a seemingly unlikely place to find luxury casinos but we count more than a dozen there with the lion's share of them located in the capital city of Cairo. Big international names with casino properties in Egypt include Caesars Entertainment Corporation, the Genting Group, and London Clubs International. As of late 2017, there were no new major casino developments planned there, but the  Sheraton Cairo Hotel & Casino on the River Nile reopened in late 2017 after being refurbished to its former glory. Egyptian tourism took a turn for the worse after the Arab Spring uprising in 2011 but the Sheraton's capital expenditures should give hope to other operators that the gambling portion of Egypt's economy can only improve. The lone casino in Lebanon is Casino du Liban , located seaside about 14 miles outside the capital city of Beirut. It's a mid-sized casino by Las Vegas standards but large when compared to most European casinos with 400 slot machines and 60 gaming tables. The property sees quite a bit of action from visiting Israelis. US visitors are warned by the State Department to stay away from Lebanon and US Embassy staff are often forbidden to go to the casino due to unspecified threats. Online gambling is strictly forbidden in most Middle Eastern countries with some dishing out harsh penalties to those who risk more than their gambling stakes by betting online. However, high rollers from the UAE, Saudi Arabia, and Israel are known to be whales at some online casinos and gamblers will always find a way and a place to play. Horse racing is popular in Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Turkey , and the UAE yet betting remains illegal. Some casino cruise ships do travel out of port from the Gulf states of Abu Dhabi and Dubai, and once they are in the International Waters of the Arabian Sea, country-specific gambling laws are no longer in force. Visitors can drill down through our Middle eastern database to a country and city they would like to know more about, finally ending up on a casino profile page listing everything from dining and entertainment opportunities to the number of machines and tables, as well as a direct link to book a hotel room if there are accommodations associated with the casino property. Caribbean Casinos and Gambling There are about 30 individual territories in the Caribbean region comprising over 700 islands, islets, reefs, and cays. Gambling laws, and therefore casino gaming opportunities are diverse among the various sovereign states, overseas departments, and dependencies of larger countries like the U.S., France, Great Britain, and the Netherlands. World Casino directory is here to guide you through them all from Aruba to Turks and Caicos and beyond. You can use the drop-down below to read a little about each country and follow the links to more detailed descriptions of every casino in the Caribbean. Most people visit the Caribbean for the spectacular blue waters, white or pink coral beach sands, and tropical climate. Most of the casinos are small affairs attached to or inside of beachfront hotels with a few dozen slot machines and a handful of table games - all you need after a long day snorkeling or beach combing. Full-scale mega-resorts can be found as well. The first to open was Atlantis Paradise in the Bahamas in 1998. The now nearly 4,000 room hotel and casino complex replaced another large casino on Paradise Island that opened in 1968. And after a decade of setbacks, Baha Mar finally opened in 2017 with a 100,000 sq ft casino. And while Resorts World Bimini's casino covers only 10,000 sq ft, you can run into some very high rollers there when management lifts the $10,000 per hand baccarat limits. Jamaica is next in line for large scale development. For a taste of Europe, you may want to visit the island of Sint Maarten - Saint Martin. The southern part of the island, Sint Maarten, is part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands while the northern part of the island, Saint Martin, is a French overseas collectivity. It is rare to find a casino in any French collectivity; there are none in the Caribbean. It's important to keep in mind that some of the economies in the region are extremely fragile. When calamities such as earthquakes, volcanoes, or hurricanes strike, it can take years or even decades for gambling facilities or entire tourist economies to recover if they ever do. Dominican Republic casinos are certainly not a thing of the past, while neighboring Haiti may never see casino development again. The casinos that remain in Puerto Rico are struggling, but you'll still find a few nice ones. Enjoy your journey through our Caribbean casino guide. If you visit an island nation without casinos and have good cellular service or Wifi, you can still play online on the beach or inside a comfortable hotel room after a long day on the beach. Explore Gambling in East Asia Casino Directory & Gambling Guide East Asia Poker East Asia Lottery Information East Asia Pari-mutuel Explore Gambling in Western Europe Casino Directory & Gambling Guide Western Europe Poker Western Europe Lottery Information Western Europe Pari-mutuel Explore Gambling in North America Casino Directory & Gambling Guide North America Poker North America Lottery Information North America Pari-mutuel Explore Gambling in South America Casino Directory & Gambling Guide South America Poker South America Lottery Information South America Pari-mutuel Explore Gambling in Oceania Casino Directory & Gambling Guide Oceania Poker Oceania Lottery Information Oceania Pari-mutuel Explore Gambling in Africa Casino Directory & Gambling Guide Africa Poker Africa Lottery Information Africa Pari-mutuel Explore Gambling in Central Asia Casino Directory & Gambling Guide Central Asia Poker Central Asia Lottery Information Central Asia Pari-mutuel Explore Gambling in Central America Casino Directory & Gambling Guide Central America Poker Central America Lottery Information Central America Pari-mutuel Explore casinos on oceanliners Casino Directory & Gambling Guide Browse Vacation Packages Explore Gambling in Eastern Europe Casino Directory & Gambling Guide Eastern Europe Poker Eastern Europe Lottery Information Eastern Europe Pari-mutuel Explore Gambling in Middle East Casino Directory & Gambling Guide Middle East Poker Middle East Lottery Information Middle East Pari-mutuel Explore Gambling in Caribbean Casino Directory & Gambling Guide Caribbean Poker Caribbean Lottery Information Caribbean Pari-mutuel East Asia Gaming Industry East Asia Casino News East Asia Gambling Law Western Europe Gaming Industry Western Europe Casino News Western Europe Gambling Law North America Gaming Industry North America Casino News North America Gambling Law South America Gaming Industry South America Casino News South America Gambling Law Oceania Gaming Industry Oceania Casino News Oceania Gambling Law Africa Gaming Industry Africa Casino News Africa Gambling Law Central Asia Gaming Industry Central Asia Casino News Central Asia Gambling Law Central America Gaming Industry Central America Casino News Central America Gambling Law Eastern Europe Gaming Industry Eastern Europe Casino News Eastern Europe Gambling Law Middle East Gaming Industry Middle East Casino News Middle East Gambling Law Caribbean Gaming Industry Caribbean Casino News Caribbean Gambling Law East Asia South Korea Bangladesh Bhutan British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Cambodia China Hong Kong Indonesia Japan Laos Macau Malaysia Maldives Mongolia Myanmar Nepal North Korea Philippines Singapore South Korea Taiwan Thailand Vietnam Aland Islands Andorra Austria Belgium Denmark Faroe Islands Finland France Germany Gibraltar Guernsey Iceland Ireland Italy Jersey Liechtenstein Luxembourg Malta Monaco Netherlands Norway Portugal San Marino Slovakia Spain Svalbard and Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom Vatican Canada Greenland Mexico Saint Pierre and Miquelon United States Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Ecuador Falkland Islands French Guiana Guyana Paraguay Peru Suriname Uruguay Venezuela American Samoa Australia Christmas Island Cocos Islands Cook Islands East Timor Fiji French Polynesia Guam Kiribati Marshall Islands Micronesia Nauru New Caledonia New Zealand Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Palau Papua New Guinea Pitcairn Samoa Solomon Islands Tokelau Tonga Tuvalu United States Minor Outlying Islands Vanuatu Wallis and Futuna Algeria Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad Comoros Democratic Republic of the Congo Djibouti Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Ivory Coast Kenya Lesotho Liberia Libya Madagascar Malawi Mali Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Morocco Mozambique Namibia Niger Nigeria Republic of the Congo Reunion Rwanda Saint Helena Sao Tome and Principe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa South Sudan Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Togo Tunisia Uganda Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe Afghanistan Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia India Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Pakistan Sri Lanka Tajikistan Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Panama AS Tallink Grupp Big M Gaming LLC Carnival Cruise Line Celebrity Cruises Costa Cruises Crystal Cruises Cunard Cruise Line Delta Corp Limited Diamond Cruise International Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines Ltd. Genting Hong Kong, LTD Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. Holland America Line New Century Cruise Line Norwegian Cruise Line Oceania Cruises P&O Cruises Princess Cruises Regent Seven Seas Cruises Royal Caribbean Cruises Seabourn Cruise Line Silversea Cruises Three Affiliated Tribes of the Fort Berthold Reservation Victory Casino Cruises Windstar Cruises Albania Belarus Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Estonia Greece Hungary Kosovo Latvia Lithuania Macedonia Moldova Montenegro Poland Romania Russia Serbia Slovenia Ukraine Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Israel Jordan Kuwait Lebanon Oman Palestinian Territory Qatar Saudi Arabia Syria Turkey United Arab Emirates Yemen Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Aruba Bahamas Barbados Bermuda Bonaire British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Cuba Curaçao Dominica Dominican Republic Grenada Guadeloupe Haiti Jamaica Martinique Montserrat Netherlands Antilles Puerto Rico Saint Barthélemy Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Sint Maarten Trinidad and Tobago Turks and Caicos U.S. Virgin Islands Cruise Ships Seafaring gamblers in the Nordic region, especially the northern parts of the Baltic Sea, have been enjoying the gambling services of Paf on Tallink and Silja line cruises for over three decades. The Åland-based service provider's contract is up for renewal at five year periods with 2023 on the horizon fore or aft. Onboard games include popular slots, bingo, poker, table and card games, lotteries, and sports betting. Departure points for gambling cruises include Stockholm in Sweden along with Helsinki and Turku in Finland. The Baltic Princess sails out of Stockholm twice each day and offers full family entertainment and escape with a well-staffed Siljaland playroom for the kids. It's one of the newest ships on the Baltic and offers no-limit Texas Hold'em tournaments and daily live entertainment. Cruise ferry Galaxy offers 927 cabins over 12 decks, several restaurants and bars, as well as a kids zone. The onboard casino has slots, roulette, and blackjack tables. This vessel is often used for business meetings as the modern 450 conference center attracts the business class as well as weddings and family parties and gatherings. The sauna department is highly rated. The Silja Symphony departs from Stockholm and is an older ship launched in 1991. A favorite of many seeking a break, this is a unique vessel. The heart of the ship features a pedestrian streetwalk down the Promenade with top-tier restaurants, cafes, and a variety of shops on either side. The casino is located in the bow of the ship on Deck 7 where you'll find roulette, poker and slot machines. Silja Serenade Cruise Ship sails out of Helsinki and is perhaps the premier gambling ship in the fleet. There are ten classes of cabins and suites from the special cabins designed to accommodate people with special needs and those who are traveling with a pet or have allergies to the Executive Suite on Deck 11 with 75m2 of luxurious space and featuring its own sauna. Paf has recently upgraded the manual payment system in its casinos on the Tallink & Silja Line, replacing coins with tickets - adding another level of convenience and comfort for adventurers. AS Tallink Grupp services nearly 10 million passengers each year on its 14 consumer vessels. Paf also operates the casino aboard Casino Sunborn in Gibraltar , a 5-star superyacht, and the Paf Casino on Åland with more than 1,500 slot machines and 55 gaming tables in operation. Big M Gaming LLC operates two gambling cruise ships out of Little River, SC in the United States; Big "M" Casino Ship I and Big "M" Casino Ship II . The seaside of Little River is better known as Myrtle Beach. It is situated next to the South/North Carolina border and has been continuously inhabited since the first trading post was established in the 1700's. Big M offers 5-hour gambling cruises with a set-price all you can eat buffet and is very popular in the region. There are no land casinos in the state. The closest terrestrial casino is Harrah's Cherokee nearly 6 hours away in North Carolina. Due to strict gambling laws in the state, the only way to play blackjack or slots legally is to go out to sea. Gaming is only allowed after you are at least 3 miles away from shore but the ships may travel as far as 15 miles out. It takes about 45 minutes to reach international waters. The minimum age to board either ship is 21. Smoking is only allowed on the main deck casino during gaming hours. Both ships also offer smoke-free gaming decks with slot machines. Both ships offer Las Vegas-style gambling. Only Ship I has Texas Hold ’em poker. Both casinos host slots, roulette, craps, Let it Ride, 3-card poker and other specialty games. Both ships are well maintained and kept clean, although we wouldn't go so far as to refer to them as ' luxury yachts ' as the company does, they are nicely appointed and there is plenty of room to move around. The ships are rarely, if ever, out to sea at the same time so if you have a preference (outer deck smoking, prime rib or seafood buffets, etc.), it's always a good idea to call ahead or visit the website for a schedule and current prices. The water can get a bit rough any time of the year and the outings occur every month. Some people will choose to eat on the way out, others on the way back to port, and others may not eat at all. The price of the buffet is not included in boarding fees. The buffet deck is not handicap accessible but staff will gladly bring food to the main deck and set up a comfortable dining space for those who can't reach the restaurant. Sandwiches are available on the top deck throughout the cruise. BUffet prices are reasonable. Beer, wine, and well drinks are about the same price as you'll find in the town of Little River . Carnival Cruise Line offers casino gaming on over two dozen ships departing from the U.S. and other ports from Honolulu, Hawaii, and Miami, to Barcelona, Spain .  While the gaming centers may have different names from vessel to vessel, most are fairly generic capitalizing on formulas the cruise giant has developed over the years. Your Sail & Sign card also doubles as Carnival Players Club card at all of the casinos. The Ocean Players Club covers you on any Carnival Casino cruise, Ibero Cruceros, P&O Cruises, Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, Holland America, Cunard, Seabourn, and Princess Cruises. Carnival ships are family ships, so there's always a safe and healthy place for the kids to play while mom and dad head out for a little Las Vegas-style action during their escape to sea. Most Carnival casinos allow passengers 18 years of age and older to enter and play in the casinos. Common among most of the gaming decks are optional casino tournaments featuring slots, poker, and blackjack . The cost of tournaments change from time to time, ship to ship, and game to game but the payouts for winning on sheer luck can pay for the trip and more. Slots are the biggest draw with games from top developers and providers such as Aruze, Bally, and IGT. The Sphinx 3D™ by IGT gives players all the thrills they would ever expect in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. But if you want a dealer or croupier to get to know you by name you'll have to go to the table. Most of the blackjack tables have low buy-ins but if enough high rollers want a game your Carnival casino host will probably accommodate the request. You're not likely to find single-deck action but there are plenty of variations on the basic theme to keep most players happy including Face-Up 21, Fun 21, and classic blackjack. Most ships offer poker tournaments or at least a table or two for poker players. The electronic PokerPro tables might take some players a couple of minutes to get used to - just cup your hands around the display of face-down cards to see them revealed. If you're a poker junky and on a vessel with  Ocean Medallion technology, you can play 24/7 on your mobile device even if the tables floor tables are closed. Slots , bingo, and roulette are also available on some cruises. Players won't find free drinks coming around every few minutes like they do in Las Vegas, and you'll have to be at least 21 to order a partake, but Carnival offers double the comps for gameplay compared to other cruise lines. This means that your casino points add up to free beer, wine, and cocktails or even non-alcoholic drinks if you prefer. For the not-so-serious gamblers, there are also prize games - some require skill, and all require luck. Win a stack of greenbacks on the Cash Cube or try your hand at picking up pricey electronics and other prizes on a claw machine. Celebrity Cruises offer a single brand of casino experience across the fleet of gaming equipped vessels. Every Celebrity cruise ship except the Expedition has a Fortune Casino onboard. All ships offer blackjack, roulette, poker, craps, and a wide range of slot machines.  For guests on the Celebrity Solstice sailing out of Sydney, and several other cruises, baccarat (punto banco) is also available upon request. Since the casinos don't open for play until the cruise is in international waters, most gambling laws do not apply. Guests only need to be 18 years old to play, except for the Alaska Cruise which requires guests to be 21 or older.  No matter where the ship is, you need to be 21 to drink. Smoking is not allowed in any Fortunes Casino but all ships have designated outdoor smoking areas. Celebrity Cruises belongs to the International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) and adheres to council guidelines on gambling entertainment. All facilities and equipment meet regulatory standards equal to Nevada or other licensed jurisdictions for payback percentages ad internal software; abide by rules of play equal to Nevada, New Jersey or England, and all gambling operations are audited by Celebrity's internal audit department on a regular basis, among other controls. Fortunes Casino partners with MGM, so if you remember to use your player's club card you can earn comps and perks at land-based casinos while you are out at sea! All loyalty tiers can redeem points for free casino play. There are 5 tiers and players in the top 3 tiers receive anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars in free play each time they sail. There are now more than 20 perks and benefits associated with Blue Chip Club membership. Passengers will always find excellent dining and lounge options on Celebrity casino cruises as well as entertainment. Among the best-outfitted vessels for casino gaming players will find about 275 slot machines. Celebrity Millenium sailing out of Hong Kong, Infinity, Summit, and Constellation offer around 190 machines each, about a dozen mixed Las Vegas-style table games, and 1 electronic Pokermate Texas Hold 'Em table. Celebrity Reflection sailing out of Chile and Brazil, Equinox, Eclipse, Silhouette, and  Solstice each have more than a dozen tables with 2 poker tables each and baccarat upon request. All Fortune Casinos offer at least one single-deck blackjack table. Slots start at $0.01, they include reel slots and video bonus games. Video poker machines are included in the slot machines count. People who take the seas to gamble in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe know the Costa Cruises experience, or as the line is called in its native Italy, Costa Crociere. Vessels with onboard casinos include those sailing out of Marina Bay, Singapore ; Tianjin, China; Dubai, UAE; Port Louis, Mauritius; Mumbai, India and Savona, Italy . Starting out with cargo ships in 1854, the company started commercial activities from about 1924 until the first passenger services were begun in 1947 with regular services to South America. The then family-owned company eventually converted their fleet to cruising and became one of the largest operators in Europe before selling to Carnival in the year 2000. The Carnival family of companies now comprises  Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Crociere, Cunard Line, Holland America, Seabourn Cruise Lines, and Windstar Cruises with Costa accounting for about 16% of the parent company's revenue. Costa Cruises brand currently operates six casino ships and 8 vessels without gaming facilities. All sail under the Italian flag in the waters of the Caribbean, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia, and South America. None of the casino spaces are huge by international standards but all are well appointed and offer tables and slots. The Mediterranea , sailing out of Savona in Italy, offers the most slots with over 140 machines, while the Atlantica , departing from Tianjin, China offers the most table games with a count of 21. The table game selection varies by ship but you will usually find blackjack, roulette, and poker, as well as craps on some vessels. All of the vessels offer fine dining, recreation, entertainment, shopping, sport, and wellness facilities including spas. Some of the ships without casino feature 4D Cinema as part of the kids' package of family fun. Some of the amenities found on Costa Cruises Fortuna, sailing out of Port Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates include a theater, library, art gallery, cognac bar and a cigar bar. Dining ranges from casual to fine dining on all vessels with 7-Michelin starred chef's tending to your needs on some. For those who smoke and those who prefer not to be exposed, all cabins and public rooms are smoke-free. There are designated spaces on open decks for smokers and you can smoke on your private cabin balcony - and of course, in the Cigar Bar. e-cigarettes are in your cabin as well. neoClassica and neoRomantica sail out of Mumbai, India and Port Louis, Mauritius respectively and offer a good variety of gaming. Crystal Cruises is an American luxury liner with two casino outfitted ships as of 2018. Formerly owned and operated by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) with Caesars Casinos onboard, the line was sold to Genting Hong Kong in 2015. The casinos were rebranded as Resorts World casinos after Genting's other land-based casino brand. The subsidiary was also renamed to Crystal, Ltd and maintains headquarters in Los Angeles, California, and Miami, Florida. Additional luxury brands in service or under development include Crystal River Cruises, Crystal Yacht Expedition Cruises, Crystal Luxury Air and Crystal AirCruises. Crystal Cruises is currently the only division to offer full-service onboard casino amenities. Both the Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity were scheduled for major makeovers upon acquisition. In October 2017 the Symphony emerged from a multimillion-dollar renovation with luxury suites and penthouses in addition to more standard accommodations. The 50,000-ton vessel formerly accommodated 1,000 passengers but now offers more space and luxury to just 848 guests over eight decks. The new deck configuration for Serenity unveiled in November 2018. The Serenity offers 9 decks including the uppermost Sun Deck with elevator service. In addition to a large social area, vacationers will find paddle tennis courts, a sliding glass roof that can retract and let air as well as light into the Trident area, a weight room, spa, and salon. Like the Symphony, the 4,500 sq ft casino is found on the second level Tiffany Deck. Games offered include Blackjack , Roulette, Slot machines, Bingo, Mini-Baccarat, Texas Hold'em, and Three Card Poker. In addition to open floor casino space and VIP rooms, a luxury showroom and stage is fore - with an atrium, retail outlets, a Hollywood Theater, bistro, photo gallery, nightclub, connoisseur club (smoking lounge), saloon, and dance club with a stage - all aft of the casino. Look for Umi Uma & Sushi Bar on Serenity from November 2018 - Chef Nobu Matsuhisa's only Nobu at sea. All chefs have been personally trained by the master himself. Additional fine dining sees Prego bring the flavors of Italy to the Serenity. Every day dining is also available in the Crystal Dining Room with signature menus focused on two choices - one classic, the other, modern. Crystal Cove is a luxury cognac bar featuring Rémy Martin Louis XIII at the top end as well as wines, liqueurs, tequila, and grappa. The Penthouse Suites at 982 square feet (91.23 sqm) offer verandahs as do some staterooms, Other staterooms feature large picture windows. Elevator service is provided to all decks. The ships' ports of call are Philipsburg, Sint Maarten and the Port of Anchorage in Anchorage, Alaska. Cunard Line has been operated by Carnival since 1998, but the company has a rich and illustrious history dating back to 1839. Starting out with Britain's first transatlantic steamship mail contract, there are now three vessels in operation offering Northern European, Mediterranean, Transatlantic, Caribbean, and World Cruises. The fleet currently consists of the ocean liner Queen Mary 2 , and cruise ships Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria . A 4th vessel is slated for operation n 2022. There is a casino on board each Cunard ship. However, not all cruises offer gambling as the Empire Casinos do not open during voyages without foreign ports of call on the itinerary. Vessels stopping in Dublin, Cobh, St Peters Port and all foreign country ports will sail outside of UK territorial waters (12 miles/45 minutes) and the casinos will be opened while outside of the UKGC's jurisdiction. Queen Mary 2 offers Roulette, Blackjack, Three card poker, and Heads up Texas Hold'em - a house-banked casino game played against the dealer - as well as about 100 slot machines. There are 9 gaming tables in total aboard QM2. As mention, the casino opens about 45 minutes after leaving port. Once out to sea, slots machines are available for play beginning at 10am. Tables are open from 11am until 5pm, and then again from 7:30pm until close. Closing time is at the discretion of the casino manager. Queen Elizabeth offers about 45 slot machines and 5 gaming tables. Available table games include Roulette, Blackjack, Three Card Poker, and Fun 21. Queen Victoria features about 45 slots and the same mix of games spread over 5 tables as are found on Queen Elizabeth. Table limits on all ships vary from $3 - $25 minimums with maximum bets ranging from $100 - $500. Reels slots, video slots, and video poker machines are multi-denominational with 'coin' sizes ranging from a penny to $5. All machines are coinless. Deposits are accepted in notes or via cruise cards. Cashouts are done to your card. Cash and cards are accepted at the tables to purchase chips. A credit card must be registered at the front desk in order to use your cruise card for gambling. "Onboard spending money" is not accepted for chip purchases. Complimentary gaming lessons are available during the day for those who may not be familiar with the rules or practices of certain games. Glory Sea is the first cruise ship launched by Diamond Cruise International Co. The ship is a luxury liner with an ever-changing itinerary that has included short cruises sailing from China's Shanghai port 2016-2017, and a 10-month charter with roundtrip cruises from Sokcho, South Korea which began in November 2017. Some destinations included Japan and Vladivostok , Russia, Vietnam’s Ha Long Bay from China’s “Coconut City,” Haikou, along with Da Nang and Nha Trang, as well as Manila and Boracay in the Philippines. Upon launch, the onboard VIP casino was operated by Century Casinos, Inc. , which also operates casinos aboard ships owned by TUI Cruises, Thomson Cruises, and Windstar Cruises. Immediately prior to its acquisition by Diamond Cruise parent company, Suzhou Taihu International Travel Agency, the vessel was known as Celestyal Odyssey and help a slightly smaller casino on the 6th deck. After the 2016 refurbishment, the Century casino offered 16 table games with a VIP room, and 40 gaming machines. Games offered include blackjack, roulette, 3 Card Poker, Sic Bo, baccarat and video slots. Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines is owned by a Norwegian company, Bonheur and Ganger Rolf, part of the Fred. Olsen Group. Company headquarters are located in Ipswich, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom. The company was started in 1848 by three brothers who embarked on a business of international shipping. Still, a family company, five generations of Olsens have participated in the venture as well as several other sectors from shipbuilding to electronics. There are five ships in the current fleet including the Brabant, Fred Olsens's first river cruise. All of the ships offer gaming opportunities, but the voyages are not usually undertaken with a primary focus on gambling. Each vessel has two gaming tables - one for blackjack and another for roulette. Many experienced passengers report that the tables are not open on every voyage. However, gambling is an advertised service and a croupier will most likely open a table upon request if it is not already in action. Guests will need to be at least 18 years of age to play. Only cash (Pounds Sterling) is accepted at the tables and bets cannot be charged to your room account. The Oceangoing ships are Black Watch ,  Braemar, Boudicca , and Balmoral. Onboard, passengers will find restaurants and fine dining, bars and lounges, relaxation and fitness and plenty of entertainment and fun activities which vary from sailing to sailing. Be sure to ask about the Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs), a great way to explore! The Genting Hongkong is a Corosration who owns and operate one of the leading global leisure, entertainment and other businesses. One of the major businesses of Genting Hongkong are Resorts World Manila whom opened last August 29, 2009 together with three big luxurious Hotels such us Maxims Hotel, Remington Hotel and Mariott Hotel . Another Property of Genting are Star Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Line whos offering cruise shipping to over 200 destinations all over the world and with 39,000 lower berths approximately. Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. operates the Emerald Princess Casino out of Brunswick, Georgia in the United States. The departure and return location is about halfway between Savannah, GA, and Jacksonville, FL. Out to sea, are St. Simons Island, Sea Island, Jekyll Island, Little St. Simons Island. The ship is rather small at 200 feet so passengers who have issues with motion sickness may want to use an appropriate medication or another method to deal with it. Two of the ship's four decks are devoted to gambling. Smoking is allowed on both levels but never on the third level Bistro Deck. The fourth deck is an open-air observation deck. Guests must be 18 or older to board and gamble and must be at least 21 years of age to drink alcohol. Gambling opportunities are few and far between for many people in the state, so the cruise operator is highly appreciated by most. Holland America Line was founded in the late 1800s as the Netherlands-America Steamship Company. The company's first vacation cruise was offered in 1895. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA, since 1989, it is now part of Carnival Corporation . The line currently comprises about 15 ships, all with casinos onboard. One of the company's greatest legacies is their part in helping to settle America by transporting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to the New World. The fleet consists of mid-sized ships with the smallest, an 'elegant explorer', the Prinsendam slated for retirement in 2019 and new vessels being commissioned in the Pinnacle Class like the MS Koningsdam, Nieuw Statendam , and Nieuw Ryndam with 12 decks and passenger complements of 2,650. Nieuw Ryndam is expected to be brought into service before the end of 2021. Casino hours vary from ship to ship. The minimum gambling age in international waters is 18 with the exception of Alaska Cruises where guests must be 21 or older. Blackjack, roulette, three card poker, and slots are found on most ships. Craps are available on some ships. The casinos are all well arranged and well maintained. Roulette can be found with $1 minimums in some cases, otherwise, most table games start at $5. Slots denominations range from a penny to $5 machines, Be sure to check the video poker paytables before getting too carried away. Depending on the cruise, bingo prizes can range from $2,000 to $100,000. All feature slots and blackjack tournaments. Whether you are sailing out of a US eastern or western port, Kowloon , Saint George's or Sydney , HAL offers a great gaming experience along with a stately cruise full of entertainment possibilities. Restaurants and fine dining, nightly entertainment, bars and lounges, diverse onboard activities like cooking workshops, wine tasting, and BBC Earth Experiences on board are just the tip of the mountain of fun that awaits on a Holland America Line cruise anywhere in the world. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD. was first known as Norwegian Caribbean Line when launched in 1966. Through a series of mergers, decouplings, acquisitions and investments the NYSE-listed company based in Florida is now owned in the minority by private equity companies as well as Genting Group which holds an 11.1% stake. The NCL holding company also owns Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises through a 2014 acquisition of parent company, Prestige Cruises International, Inc. Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL) offers informal casino cruises with no structured time for meals and some other activities and no need to dress formally at mealtime. For family travelers, Norwegian Escape, Breakaway, Getaway, and Epic offer the most 'kid friendly' cruises. All 15 of the ships, including Pride of America, the only US-flagged vessel in the fleet, offer gambling once the ships leave territorial waters. Game variety varies from ship to ship but a sampling of available games includes slots, blackjack and 21 variants, craps, roulette, three card poker, let it ride, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, baccarat, Pai Gow poker, and Texas Hold'em poker. Some of the blackjack variants include a Lucky Ladies side bet with a $5,000 jackpot. Lucky Ladies is available on all ships. All ships except Epic, Breakaway, and Getaway offer a Wheel of Madness side bet on the game. The optional bet can range from $1 to $10. When a player with a stake on the wheel is dealt a natural Blackjack they'll get a spin on the wheel to determine their side bet multiplier. The top prize is $5,000. For those who enjoy sailing on small city-size ships, Norwegian has added a third vessel to its Breakaway-Plus series with the launch of the 168,028-ton, 1,082-foot-long,  20-deck, 4,004 passenger Norwegian Bliss in 2018. She joins Escape and Joy in the class. Those ships launched in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cruise line is very popular and consistently adds to its fleet. There are 7 new additions to the fleet slated for release between 2019 and 2027. The five most recent debuts include Norwegian Bliss (2018), Joy (2017) Escape (2015), Getaway (2014), and Breakaway (2013). So far, Norwegian Bliss is the most innovative casino ship in the fleet with over 300 pokies (slots and video poker) and 25 gaming tables. Across the fleet, poker players register well ahead of time for the Norwegian Cruise Line Poker Challenge (NCLPC). The field is expected to surpass 400 participants soon. Oceania Cruises launched their first ship in 2002 and currently has a fleet of six ships. All of them offer gambling facilities. Founded by a team of cruise industry veterans, the company was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD in 2014 along with a sister company, Regent Seven Seas Cruises . Norwegian (NCL) is headquartered in Florida. All of Oceania's vessels fly the flag of the Marshall Islands. There are 4 ships in the Regatta class, all were built in 1998, 1999, or 2000. The MS Regatta was launched in 2003 and last refurbished in 2014. The most recent launch in the class was the 30,277 ton, 343 cabin, MS Sirena . The former Ocean Princess underwent a $40 million refurbishment in France and launched in 2016. Two brand new Oceania class ships were commissioned from Italian builder Fincantieri and are the first two new builds for the company. MS Marina , at 66,084 tons can hold 1,250 passengers and 580 of the 625 suites and cabins have private verandas. Marina launched in 2011. Her sister ship, which launched in 2012, is the MS Riviera . Two-week-long cruises are the norm for Oceania but they are most well known for much longer tours such as "Around the World in 180 Days" voyages and others lasting up to 195 days. The 6-month world cruises began in 2015. Bookings for the 180-Day World Cruises are taken up to two years in advance. The casinos are rather small in relation to the overall ship size on some vessels, mainly due to the extended times at sea. However, they are also a favorite attraction of many oceanfarers. The gambling spaces are well designed and stylish and offer table limits for all levels of players. The gaming machines include reel and video slots and video poker machines. Key card wagering makes the slots cashless. Casino credit is available to qualified guests and should be arranged one-month prior to departure. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check is required when you board the vessel in order to activate a credit line. All gaming is in USD and Euros can be exchanged on board. All play is tracked and rewarded through the Casinos at Sea rewards program which has 5 tiers. Points can be transfered from ship to ship and slot players can redeem rewards at any time onscreen while playing any game. P&O Cruises is the oldest cruise line in the world. The original company was founded in 1837 and the first passenger cruises from Southampton were offered in 1844. A series of de-mergers and mergers beginning in 2000 culminated in a merger with Carnival Corporation in 2003. The company operates seven cruise ships including Britannia which launched in early 2015. Two more large vessels are planned for launch in 2020 and 2020. All ships offer casino gaming once entering international waters. Table games, slot machines, bingo, scratch cards, and video horse racing are all offered. Roulette, blackjack, and three card poker are offered on all ships. Three of the casinos also offer Fun 21. If you don't see the game when aboard the Arcadia and there is an empty blackjack table, ask your host to flip the table as the Fun 21 felt is just underneath. Purchase your chips from the dealer with cash or your cruise card. All winnings are cashed out onto your cruise card. Slot machines all operate on a coinless system. To play, simply insert your cruise card or cash notes. Bingo offers five cash prizes each full day out to sea. There's also a jackpot that grows with nearly every game and must be won by the conclusion of the cruise. Scratch cards have prizes up to £20,000 and can be purchased at the casino desk. Video horse racing is presented on big screens. Arcadia features 4 tables and a variety of slots on the F deck. Aurora's casino is located on the Prom deck and features 4 tables and slots. Head to the F deck on Azura to find five tables offering three card poker, blackjack, roulette x2, and Fun 21. The casino on Britannia is deck 6 with 2 tables each offering blackjack, roulette, and three card poker. Oceana has five tables on D deck - Oriana offers 23 tables on the Prom deck, and there are five tables on F deck of Ventura. On sea days slots are open on all ships from 10 am until late with tables opening at noon. On port days, gaming doesn't start until the ship reaches international waters, which usually takes about 45 minutes. Opening times can vary by jurisdiction, but the demarcation point is usually 12 miles outside of port limits. Be sure to cash in your chips before leaving the ship. If you happen to forget, you can bring them along for your next voyage but may meet delays while the chips are authenticated. Princess Cruises launched their first Mexican Riviera cruise in 1965 but didn't become a household name known to people who vacation at sea until about a decade later when the company was acquired by P&O, who at the time was the world's largest oceanic shipper with more 300 vessels in operation. Baby boomers may recall Island Princess and Pacific Princess as the ships featured in the 1970s television series, The Love Boat. P&O spun off its passenger division in 2000, and it merged with Carnival in 2003. The combined company then featured 11 different brands of cruise ship companies. Princess, Carnival, and Holland America stopped requisitioning new ships during the 2008 economic downturn but added three new 3,600 passenger ships beginning with Royal Princess in 2013 and Regal Princess which entered service in 2014. A third Fincantieri-built ship, Majestic Princess launched in 2017. The entire current fleet flies the flag of Bermuda except for Royal, Majestic, Golden, Diamond, and Sapphire Princess which ships call the UK home. Three additional Bermuda-flagged Royal Class vessels are slated for launch in 2019, 2020, and 2022. Departure points for Princess Cruises include Vancouver, Canada , Brisbane, Rozelle, and Melbourne in Australia; Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and San Francisco in the US, as well as Marina Bay, Singapore ; Rome, Italy, and Piraeus in Greece. USA Today has awarded Princess the accolade of "Best cruise lines for Gamblers" and slots fans are frequently offered high return tournaments like the $200,000 Monopoly Cruise for Cash tournament. There are tournaments on every cruise so blackjack players and slots spinners have a chance to compete against their shipmates for cash prizes. Games vary from ship to ship but most voyagers will find traditional, video, and progressive jackpot slot machines as well as video poker. Table games can include heads-up Texas Hold ‘Em poker, and casino games like Caribbean Stud Poker, Three Card Poker and Let it Ride. Blackjack, dice, roulette, and other table games are available on most ships and you can even play bingo with ticket packages ranging from $10 to $30. A fairly new "class" of ships was introduced in 2017, known as the Ocean Medallion Class. These are 'the internet of things' ships with omnichannel connectivity to guests accounts from a medallion wristband. On ships appointed with the amenity, guests have access to the PlayOcean Casino and PlayOcean Everywhere so they can play real money games anywhere on the ship. Regent Seven Seas Cruises [(RSSC) formerly Radisson SSC] was founded in 1990. It is a luxury cruise line company offering an all-inclusive experience. Regent was a sister company of Oceania Cruises . The parent company, Prestige Cruise Holdings was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Lines in 2014. Regent Seven Seas Cruises' current fleet comprises 4 ships ranging from 28,550 gross tons to 54,000 GT. The largest ship to date is Seven Seas Explorer built in 2016 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri of Sestri Ponente, Genova.  Fincantieri has also been commissioned to delivers the 55k GT Seven Seas Splendor in early 2020. All vessels are currently Bahamian-flagged. The fleet's casino ships sail out of Sydney, Australia; the Port of Miami in the US, and Kavala, Greece. In early 2017 the parent company announced that a new Port of Miami terminal was under development for completion prior to 2020. All of the casinos in the fleet share in the Norwegian Cruise Lines Casinos At Sea rewards program. The rewards program has five tiers with the top three sharing a host of benefits including cruise suite discounts and convenience fee waivers. First-tier and all other players will enjoy promotional offers, pint redemtions for free play, and the ability t transfer points from ship to ship. Second tier members also receive special birthday offers. Point redemption for free play is easy. Slots and video poker players can cash in right at the machine they are playing at any time or do as table players do and redeem points at the casino cage. Casino credit is available to all players with an existing reservation. Please make arrangements at least 30 days in advance of your voyage. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check will be required on board to activate the line. The Casino on Seven Seas Mariner sailing out of Greece is located on Deck 7. The gaming facilities are open daily when territorial border limits do not restrict operations.  Blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and slot machines are available for play. Adult Entertainment beyond the casino floor includes a show lounge in the style of a Parisian cabaret with musical productions staged by experienced Broadway pros. The Connoisseur Club is a special hideaway where fine cognac and imported cigars are enjoyed by shipmates engaging in friendly conversation while they enjoy the finer things in life. Royal Caribbean International is a Miami-based cruise line brand owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. The company was founded in Norway in 1968 and has over 20 ships in operation as well as a future fleet that will bring that number to 30. You might be wondering: "How many of the oceangoing vessels have casinos?" Good news for seafaring gamblers! Royal Caribbean has outfitted their entire current fleet with onboard casinos! Some are a little bigger than others, and some have more game variety, but they all have lots of slots and plenty of table game action. Sailing out of England? Consider booking the Navigator of the Seas ; From Barcelona, Vision; Shanghai? Quantum of the Seas ; Hong Kong, Voyager. Most of the other cruises depart from the U.S . and Puerto Rico . All of the casinos offer thousands of square feet of Vegas-style action under the lights with video slots, video poker, table games, and tournaments. Some of the table games you can expect to find on your Royal Caribbean cruise are: Single Deck Blackjack Roulette Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'Em Let It Ride Three Card Poker Blackjack with Side Bets like Lucky Ladies Walking up to a high stakes blackjack table and sitting down with a stack of chips in front of you can seem intimidating to casual players and those who may need to brush up a little on their game. Royal Caribbean has you covered! During the day, your hosts will be glad to teach you the ins and outs of any game from roulette to baccarat. Once you get your "sea legs" for the game you can join a tournament where everyone has a chance to progress to the grand finale without risking stacks of your hard earned cash along the way. If you want to win big prizes with more help from Lady Luck than your own gambling experience, try a Slot Tournament. Simply go to the Casino Cash Desk when the casino is open to enroll in a qualifying tournament. Even Beginner's Luck can help you grab a chunk of the $50,000 prize pool! This might seem crazy: Poker players can qualify for the Royal Poker Tournament throughout the year. Winners are eligible for entry into the finals with a chance to win part of the $100,000 Royal Poker Prize Pool! Don't forget, you may be eligible for a free cruise vacation for two along the way. What Else Can I Look Forward To? Visit the Royal Caribbean Casino Cruise Experience to learn more about... Casino Promotions Club Royal Events Casino Rewards Program Casino Credit Win/Loss Statements Wire Transfer Instructions If you have questions now you can contact the Casino Call Center at (888) 561-2234. Seabourn Cruise Line offers casino gaming on all five of its luxury liner cruise ships. The company was founded in 1986 in Norway. Carnival Corp began purchasing shares in 1991 and completed ownership in 2001. The company moved its Miami headquarters to Seattle, Washington in 2011 to join Holland America Line . With home ports in the U.S., Argentina, and Singapore the company's five luxury casino cruise ships are... Seabourn Ovation Seabourn Encore Seabourn Quest Seabourn Odyssey Seabourn Sojourn You might be asking yourself: Should I book a Seabourn Cruise for gambling? The answer to that is simple. It depends on what you are looking for in a casino cruise... 1) How long do I want to be on the ship? 2) How much time will I spend in the casino? 3) Do I want a Las Vegas on the seas experience? 4) Would I be happy with a few slot machines and occasional table action? 5) Can I afford a Seabourn casino cruise? We'll help you answer those questions and more by sharing some things we know about the Seabourn Difference . Seabourn offers Caribbean cruises as short as seven days. They also offer mid-length ventures and journeys up to 100 days. Shore excursions are available on some cruises. The casinos onboard the ships are all on Deck 5 near the aft deck. They are small by most land casino standards with less than two dozen slots and video poker machines and 3 or 4 gaming tables. The gaming areas are located fore of The Club and near the Club Bar. Men and women's restrooms are adjacent to the gaming areas. The gaming areas are well appointed and well kept. They simply aren't large enough to provide a Las Vegas-style experience when you aren't actually gambling. Table games include Blackjack , Roulette , and Poker . Seabourn is a luxury cruise liner... Expect to pay top price for your cruise Formal nights are optional so you could save on wardrobe costs Prices are all-inclusive so your drinks are paid for Gourmands will especially appreciate Restaurant 2 Now that you know more about gambling at sea with Seabourn, you can sign up for special offers or explore the video gallery and choose a destination in the Caribbean, Mediterranian, Asia, or plan a Transatlantic cruise ! Expect to meet others onboard who are: Older, financially secure, well-dressed. Silversea Cruises is a mid-level luxury cruise line established in 1994 by the Lefebvre family of Rome, Italy. The company is headquartered in Monaco and owned in the majority (67%) by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd . The company's current fleet comprises nine vessels. The largest and newest ship is Silver Muse at 40,700 gross tons and capacity for nearly 600 passengers. Six of the ships are over sixteen tons and three are clippers in the company's Expedition fleet. Seafaring gamblers will find casinos aboard: Silver Cloud Silver Wind Silver Shadow Silver Whisper Silver Spirit (Refurbished/expanded March 2018) Silver Muse (Launched 2017) There are no gaming facilities on the smaller expedition class ships. You might be wondering... What are the best cruises for gambling? Really, any cruise anywhere in the world under 7 days is best. Why? The longer cruises tend to attract older vacationers who go to bed early. If you like the casino all to yourself, a longer cruise may be best. All of the ships with gaming offer Blackjack, Roulette, and slots. The two newer and larger ships have roomier, more opulent casino gaming areas with plenty of action. The smallest casino is on Silversea Wind with nine gaming machines and four tables. You can click the following link to view the casino aboard Silver Shadow . True luxury at mid-class prices: All inclusive pricing makes a Silverseas cruise an easy decision. You'll find most of your cruise mates are couples and the younger more upwardly mobile families have opted for a Carnival or Royal Caribbean cruise. Enjoy: All-Inclusive experience (gratuities included in fare) Fine dining (diverse cuisine, open seating, 24 hours) Private veranda (855 of suites) Very personalized service (Butler service in every suite) Champagne, wine, and spirits (anywhere on the ship including in-suite) Entertainment Complimentary transportation (in most port towns) Spa and fitness facilities If I run out of cash can I get an advance for the casino or shore excursions? Cash advances are limited to $1,000 per voyage per suite. Onboard cash advance services incur a 2% fee. Onboard credit cannot be used in the casino. Can I gamble online? Silversea offers unlimited free Wi-Fi. There are no known restrictions on personal usage. Your suite status will determine a premium or standard Wi-Fi package. If unsure of local laws, please wait until you are 12 miles out to sea before you gambling online . Where can I find out more? You can check out the individual casino cruises by clicking a link below. Contact information is also available on the profile pages. You can also visit SILVERSEA to find exclusive offers, request a quote or brochure, or book your cruise vacation now! Victory Casino Cruises has been running out of Port Canaveral, Florida since 2011. If you are looking for a 'cruise to nowhere' this might be your best bet. The Victory I first set sail in 1972 and was refurbished before Victory launched their casino cruise. If you've ever been on a gambling ship, as opposed to a luxury cruise liner with a casino... You might ask: "I thought gambling was a monopoly in Florida. How do they do it?" Yes, most of the slots and table games are in the Seminole Tribe's Hard Rock casinos . You can find poker and a few other games like poker at Florida racetracks and jai alai frontons. Once the ship enters international waters, Florida gambling laws no longer apply. The 3-mile journey usually takes about 30 minutes - then the games are on! #1 Florida Casino Cruise? Judging by the reviews on TripAdvisor , most people are extremely satisfied with their Victory Casino Cruise experiences. Those who weren't might not have known what to expect. This is a gambling ship You'll be out to sea for 5-6 hours People smoke outside, so you might smell it You might say: "Okay, I get it. But what about the casino... is it a real casino?" Oh yeah! It's a real casino alright. There are over 600 slots so there should always be some open. On a busy cruise, they'll open up to 100 gaming tables. That puts it on par with most Downtown Las Vegas properties and quite a few on the Strip. Here's what you can play... Slots Blackjack $5-$500 - dealer stands all 17's - BJ pays 3:2 Craps Roulette EZ Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'em Mississippi Stud Three Card Poker Let It Ride Bingo Only Legal Sportsbook in Florida!!! Read on for more about the boat and what's on it... Four decks are available on the 2,137 GT, 368-foot gambling ship built at the Bellinger Shipyard, Jacksonville FL in 1972. Deck 1 - Sportsbook Lounge, Atlantic Cafe Deck 2 - High-limit slots, Table games Deck 3 - Slots atrium Deck 4 - Big Norm's Club V, Outside deck Dolphin Bar Big Norm's Club V is open 7 days a week. On weekends it turns into more of a nightclub with DJ's, internationally and locally renowned musicians. Where to learn more about Victory Casino Cruise Location Captain's Weather Blog Transportation Windstar Cruises is a luxury cruise line established in 1984. Based in Seattle, Washington the company's fleet comprises 6 yachts with capacities ranging from 148 to 310 guests. The line is owned by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Inc., whose parent company is The Anschutz Corporation. Former owners include Holland America Line . All six ships offer casino gambling . So... Other than offering luxury yachts, what sets Windstar apart? For the answer to that, let's look at the company's flagship vessel, The Wind Star . In service since 1986, the Wind Star features a spa, a Signature shop, library, veranda, watersports platform, whirlpool, pool bar, gourmet restaurant/lounge, a casino, and Windstar's Open Bridge Policy. When the weather is good... The Captain will welcome you to the bridge No reservations needed Shop with the chefs at foreign markets Sample the local fare and help pick out: produce spices herbs local treats Enjoy the next moveable feast onboard! Watersports Platform snorkeling paddle boarding swimming sailing water skiing windsurfing kayaking The Rest of the Fleet Wind Spirit (most popular casino ship) Wind Surf (the largest, formerly Club Med 1) Star Pride (formerly Seabourn Pride) Star Breeze (formerly Seabourn Breeze) Star Legend (formerly Seabourn Legend) Okay, now, some gambling details Age to Play: 21 While we're talking about age... This line is not recommended for families with children except for older teens. Very few organized activities. Sightseeing and adult socializing are key cruise features. Games: Blackjack, roulette, slots , poker The ships have a mix of gaming opportunities. Expect all on larger ships like Wind Surf. Table Minimum : $5 Slots: Multidenominational Onboard Credit: Arrange prior to departure for best success Smoking: Not allowed in the casino - only  in designated smoking areas on outside decks Learn more about what makes Windstar different Learn more about Windstar Policies - Read the FAQ Additional gambling opportunities on a Windstar Cruise If you want to take a shore excursion and include a casino night... Choose a destination or cruise with a layover to Monte Carlo ! Please keep in mind that all casinos in Monaco require men to wear a jacket and tie. Top Destinations: Asia Caribbean Costa Rica/Panama Cana Mediterranean Mexico How do I get there? Visit Windstar Cruises to find a cruise, plan your journey, look for specials, or dream about the yachts ! Seafaring gamblers in the Nordic region, especially the northern parts of the Baltic Sea, have been enjoying the gambling services of Paf on Tallink and Silja line cruises for over three decades. The Åland-based service provider's contract is up for renewal at five year periods with 2023 on the horizon fore or aft. Onboard games include popular slots, bingo, poker, table and card games, lotteries, and sports betting. Departure points for gambling cruises include Stockholm in Sweden along with Helsinki and Turku in Finland. The Baltic Princess sails out of Stockholm twice each day and offers full family entertainment and escape with a well-staffed Siljaland playroom for the kids. It's one of the newest ships on the Baltic and offers no-limit Texas Hold'em tournaments and daily live entertainment. Cruise ferry Galaxy offers 927 cabins over 12 decks, several restaurants and bars, as well as a kids zone. The onboard casino has slots, roulette, and blackjack tables. This vessel is often used for business meetings as the modern 450 conference center attracts the business class as well as weddings and family parties and gatherings. The sauna department is highly rated. The Silja Symphony departs from Stockholm and is an older ship launched in 1991. A favorite of many seeking a break, this is a unique vessel. The heart of the ship features a pedestrian streetwalk down the Promenade with top-tier restaurants, cafes, and a variety of shops on either side. The casino is located in the bow of the ship on Deck 7 where you'll find roulette, poker and slot machines. Silja Serenade Cruise Ship sails out of Helsinki and is perhaps the premier gambling ship in the fleet. There are ten classes of cabins and suites from the special cabins designed to accommodate people with special needs and those who are traveling with a pet or have allergies to the Executive Suite on Deck 11 with 75m2 of luxurious space and featuring its own sauna. Paf has recently upgraded the manual payment system in its casinos on the Tallink & Silja Line, replacing coins with tickets - adding another level of convenience and comfort for adventurers. AS Tallink Grupp services nearly 10 million passengers each year on its 14 consumer vessels. Paf also operates the casino aboard Casino Sunborn in Gibraltar , a 5-star superyacht, and the Paf Casino on Åland with more than 1,500 slot machines and 55 gaming tables in operation. Big M Gaming LLC operates two gambling cruise ships out of Little River, SC in the United States; Big "M" Casino Ship I and Big "M" Casino Ship II . The seaside of Little River is better known as Myrtle Beach. It is situated next to the South/North Carolina border and has been continuously inhabited since the first trading post was established in the 1700's. Big M offers 5-hour gambling cruises with a set-price all you can eat buffet and is very popular in the region. There are no land casinos in the state. The closest terrestrial casino is Harrah's Cherokee nearly 6 hours away in North Carolina. Due to strict gambling laws in the state, the only way to play blackjack or slots legally is to go out to sea. Gaming is only allowed after you are at least 3 miles away from shore but the ships may travel as far as 15 miles out. It takes about 45 minutes to reach international waters. The minimum age to board either ship is 21. Smoking is only allowed on the main deck casino during gaming hours. Both ships also offer smoke-free gaming decks with slot machines. Both ships offer Las Vegas-style gambling. Only Ship I has Texas Hold ’em poker. Both casinos host slots, roulette, craps, Let it Ride, 3-card poker and other specialty games. Both ships are well maintained and kept clean, although we wouldn't go so far as to refer to them as ' luxury yachts ' as the company does, they are nicely appointed and there is plenty of room to move around. The ships are rarely, if ever, out to sea at the same time so if you have a preference (outer deck smoking, prime rib or seafood buffets, etc.), it's always a good idea to call ahead or visit the website for a schedule and current prices. The water can get a bit rough any time of the year and the outings occur every month. Some people will choose to eat on the way out, others on the way back to port, and others may not eat at all. The price of the buffet is not included in boarding fees. The buffet deck is not handicap accessible but staff will gladly bring food to the main deck and set up a comfortable dining space for those who can't reach the restaurant. Sandwiches are available on the top deck throughout the cruise. BUffet prices are reasonable. Beer, wine, and well drinks are about the same price as you'll find in the town of Little River . Carnival Cruise Line offers casino gaming on over two dozen ships departing from the U.S. and other ports from Honolulu, Hawaii, and Miami, to Barcelona, Spain .  While the gaming centers may have different names from vessel to vessel, most are fairly generic capitalizing on formulas the cruise giant has developed over the years. Your Sail & Sign card also doubles as Carnival Players Club card at all of the casinos. The Ocean Players Club covers you on any Carnival Casino cruise, Ibero Cruceros, P&O Cruises, Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, Holland America, Cunard, Seabourn, and Princess Cruises. Carnival ships are family ships, so there's always a safe and healthy place for the kids to play while mom and dad head out for a little Las Vegas-style action during their escape to sea. Most Carnival casinos allow passengers 18 years of age and older to enter and play in the casinos. Common among most of the gaming decks are optional casino tournaments featuring slots, poker, and blackjack . The cost of tournaments change from time to time, ship to ship, and game to game but the payouts for winning on sheer luck can pay for the trip and more. Slots are the biggest draw with games from top developers and providers such as Aruze, Bally, and IGT. The Sphinx 3D™ by IGT gives players all the thrills they would ever expect in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. But if you want a dealer or croupier to get to know you by name you'll have to go to the table. Most of the blackjack tables have low buy-ins but if enough high rollers want a game your Carnival casino host will probably accommodate the request. You're not likely to find single-deck action but there are plenty of variations on the basic theme to keep most players happy including Face-Up 21, Fun 21, and classic blackjack. Most ships offer poker tournaments or at least a table or two for poker players. The electronic PokerPro tables might take some players a couple of minutes to get used to - just cup your hands around the display of face-down cards to see them revealed. If you're a poker junky and on a vessel with  Ocean Medallion technology, you can play 24/7 on your mobile device even if the tables floor tables are closed. Slots , bingo, and roulette are also available on some cruises. Players won't find free drinks coming around every few minutes like they do in Las Vegas, and you'll have to be at least 21 to order a partake, but Carnival offers double the comps for gameplay compared to other cruise lines. This means that your casino points add up to free beer, wine, and cocktails or even non-alcoholic drinks if you prefer. For the not-so-serious gamblers, there are also prize games - some require skill, and all require luck. Win a stack of greenbacks on the Cash Cube or try your hand at picking up pricey electronics and other prizes on a claw machine. Celebrity Cruises offer a single brand of casino experience across the fleet of gaming equipped vessels. Every Celebrity cruise ship except the Expedition has a Fortune Casino onboard. All ships offer blackjack, roulette, poker, craps, and a wide range of slot machines.  For guests on the Celebrity Solstice sailing out of Sydney, and several other cruises, baccarat (punto banco) is also available upon request. Since the casinos don't open for play until the cruise is in international waters, most gambling laws do not apply. Guests only need to be 18 years old to play, except for the Alaska Cruise which requires guests to be 21 or older.  No matter where the ship is, you need to be 21 to drink. Smoking is not allowed in any Fortunes Casino but all ships have designated outdoor smoking areas. Celebrity Cruises belongs to the International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) and adheres to council guidelines on gambling entertainment. All facilities and equipment meet regulatory standards equal to Nevada or other licensed jurisdictions for payback percentages ad internal software; abide by rules of play equal to Nevada, New Jersey or England, and all gambling operations are audited by Celebrity's internal audit department on a regular basis, among other controls. Fortunes Casino partners with MGM, so if you remember to use your player's club card you can earn comps and perks at land-based casinos while you are out at sea! All loyalty tiers can redeem points for free casino play. There are 5 tiers and players in the top 3 tiers receive anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars in free play each time they sail. There are now more than 20 perks and benefits associated with Blue Chip Club membership. Passengers will always find excellent dining and lounge options on Celebrity casino cruises as well as entertainment. Among the best-outfitted vessels for casino gaming players will find about 275 slot machines. Celebrity Millenium sailing out of Hong Kong, Infinity, Summit, and Constellation offer around 190 machines each, about a dozen mixed Las Vegas-style table games, and 1 electronic Pokermate Texas Hold 'Em table. Celebrity Reflection sailing out of Chile and Brazil, Equinox, Eclipse, Silhouette, and  Solstice each have more than a dozen tables with 2 poker tables each and baccarat upon request. All Fortune Casinos offer at least one single-deck blackjack table. Slots start at $0.01, they include reel slots and video bonus games. Video poker machines are included in the slot machines count. People who take the seas to gamble in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe know the Costa Cruises experience, or as the line is called in its native Italy, Costa Crociere. Vessels with onboard casinos include those sailing out of Marina Bay, Singapore ; Tianjin, China; Dubai, UAE; Port Louis, Mauritius; Mumbai, India and Savona, Italy . Starting out with cargo ships in 1854, the company started commercial activities from about 1924 until the first passenger services were begun in 1947 with regular services to South America. The then family-owned company eventually converted their fleet to cruising and became one of the largest operators in Europe before selling to Carnival in the year 2000. The Carnival family of companies now comprises  Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Crociere, Cunard Line, Holland America, Seabourn Cruise Lines, and Windstar Cruises with Costa accounting for about 16% of the parent company's revenue. Costa Cruises brand currently operates six casino ships and 8 vessels without gaming facilities. All sail under the Italian flag in the waters of the Caribbean, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia, and South America. None of the casino spaces are huge by international standards but all are well appointed and offer tables and slots. The Mediterranea , sailing out of Savona in Italy, offers the most slots with over 140 machines, while the Atlantica , departing from Tianjin, China offers the most table games with a count of 21. The table game selection varies by ship but you will usually find blackjack, roulette, and poker, as well as craps on some vessels. All of the vessels offer fine dining, recreation, entertainment, shopping, sport, and wellness facilities including spas. Some of the ships without casino feature 4D Cinema as part of the kids' package of family fun. Some of the amenities found on Costa Cruises Fortuna, sailing out of Port Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates include a theater, library, art gallery, cognac bar and a cigar bar. Dining ranges from casual to fine dining on all vessels with 7-Michelin starred chef's tending to your needs on some. For those who smoke and those who prefer not to be exposed, all cabins and public rooms are smoke-free. There are designated spaces on open decks for smokers and you can smoke on your private cabin balcony - and of course, in the Cigar Bar. e-cigarettes are in your cabin as well. neoClassica and neoRomantica sail out of Mumbai, India and Port Louis, Mauritius respectively and offer a good variety of gaming. Crystal Cruises is an American luxury liner with two casino outfitted ships as of 2018. Formerly owned and operated by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) with Caesars Casinos onboard, the line was sold to Genting Hong Kong in 2015. The casinos were rebranded as Resorts World casinos after Genting's other land-based casino brand. The subsidiary was also renamed to Crystal, Ltd and maintains headquarters in Los Angeles, California, and Miami, Florida. Additional luxury brands in service or under development include Crystal River Cruises, Crystal Yacht Expedition Cruises, Crystal Luxury Air and Crystal AirCruises. Crystal Cruises is currently the only division to offer full-service onboard casino amenities. Both the Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity were scheduled for major makeovers upon acquisition. In October 2017 the Symphony emerged from a multimillion-dollar renovation with luxury suites and penthouses in addition to more standard accommodations. The 50,000-ton vessel formerly accommodated 1,000 passengers but now offers more space and luxury to just 848 guests over eight decks. The new deck configuration for Serenity unveiled in November 2018. The Serenity offers 9 decks including the uppermost Sun Deck with elevator service. In addition to a large social area, vacationers will find paddle tennis courts, a sliding glass roof that can retract and let air as well as light into the Trident area, a weight room, spa, and salon. Like the Symphony, the 4,500 sq ft casino is found on the second level Tiffany Deck. Games offered include Blackjack , Roulette, Slot machines, Bingo, Mini-Baccarat, Texas Hold'em, and Three Card Poker. In addition to open floor casino space and VIP rooms, a luxury showroom and stage is fore - with an atrium, retail outlets, a Hollywood Theater, bistro, photo gallery, nightclub, connoisseur club (smoking lounge), saloon, and dance club with a stage - all aft of the casino. Look for Umi Uma & Sushi Bar on Serenity from November 2018 - Chef Nobu Matsuhisa's only Nobu at sea. All chefs have been personally trained by the master himself. Additional fine dining sees Prego bring the flavors of Italy to the Serenity. Every day dining is also available in the Crystal Dining Room with signature menus focused on two choices - one classic, the other, modern. Crystal Cove is a luxury cognac bar featuring Rémy Martin Louis XIII at the top end as well as wines, liqueurs, tequila, and grappa. The Penthouse Suites at 982 square feet (91.23 sqm) offer verandahs as do some staterooms, Other staterooms feature large picture windows. Elevator service is provided to all decks. The ships' ports of call are Philipsburg, Sint Maarten and the Port of Anchorage in Anchorage, Alaska. Cunard Line has been operated by Carnival since 1998, but the company has a rich and illustrious history dating back to 1839. Starting out with Britain's first transatlantic steamship mail contract, there are now three vessels in operation offering Northern European, Mediterranean, Transatlantic, Caribbean, and World Cruises. The fleet currently consists of the ocean liner Queen Mary 2 , and cruise ships Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria . A 4th vessel is slated for operation n 2022. There is a casino on board each Cunard ship. However, not all cruises offer gambling as the Empire Casinos do not open during voyages without foreign ports of call on the itinerary. Vessels stopping in Dublin, Cobh, St Peters Port and all foreign country ports will sail outside of UK territorial waters (12 miles/45 minutes) and the casinos will be opened while outside of the UKGC's jurisdiction. Queen Mary 2 offers Roulette, Blackjack, Three card poker, and Heads up Texas Hold'em - a house-banked casino game played against the dealer - as well as about 100 slot machines. There are 9 gaming tables in total aboard QM2. As mention, the casino opens about 45 minutes after leaving port. Once out to sea, slots machines are available for play beginning at 10am. Tables are open from 11am until 5pm, and then again from 7:30pm until close. Closing time is at the discretion of the casino manager. Queen Elizabeth offers about 45 slot machines and 5 gaming tables. Available table games include Roulette, Blackjack, Three Card Poker, and Fun 21. Queen Victoria features about 45 slots and the same mix of games spread over 5 tables as are found on Queen Elizabeth. Table limits on all ships vary from $3 - $25 minimums with maximum bets ranging from $100 - $500. Reels slots, video slots, and video poker machines are multi-denominational with 'coin' sizes ranging from a penny to $5. All machines are coinless. Deposits are accepted in notes or via cruise cards. Cashouts are done to your card. Cash and cards are accepted at the tables to purchase chips. A credit card must be registered at the front desk in order to use your cruise card for gambling. "Onboard spending money" is not accepted for chip purchases. Complimentary gaming lessons are available during the day for those who may not be familiar with the rules or practices of certain games. Glory Sea is the first cruise ship launched by Diamond Cruise International Co. The ship is a luxury liner with an ever-changing itinerary that has included short cruises sailing from China's Shanghai port 2016-2017, and a 10-month charter with roundtrip cruises from Sokcho, South Korea which began in November 2017. Some destinations included Japan and Vladivostok , Russia, Vietnam’s Ha Long Bay from China’s “Coconut City,” Haikou, along with Da Nang and Nha Trang, as well as Manila and Boracay in the Philippines. Upon launch, the onboard VIP casino was operated by Century Casinos, Inc. , which also operates casinos aboard ships owned by TUI Cruises, Thomson Cruises, and Windstar Cruises. Immediately prior to its acquisition by Diamond Cruise parent company, Suzhou Taihu International Travel Agency, the vessel was known as Celestyal Odyssey and help a slightly smaller casino on the 6th deck. After the 2016 refurbishment, the Century casino offered 16 table games with a VIP room, and 40 gaming machines. Games offered include blackjack, roulette, 3 Card Poker, Sic Bo, baccarat and video slots. Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines is owned by a Norwegian company, Bonheur and Ganger Rolf, part of the Fred. Olsen Group. Company headquarters are located in Ipswich, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom. The company was started in 1848 by three brothers who embarked on a business of international shipping. Still, a family company, five generations of Olsens have participated in the venture as well as several other sectors from shipbuilding to electronics. There are five ships in the current fleet including the Brabant, Fred Olsens's first river cruise. All of the ships offer gaming opportunities, but the voyages are not usually undertaken with a primary focus on gambling. Each vessel has two gaming tables - one for blackjack and another for roulette. Many experienced passengers report that the tables are not open on every voyage. However, gambling is an advertised service and a croupier will most likely open a table upon request if it is not already in action. Guests will need to be at least 18 years of age to play. Only cash (Pounds Sterling) is accepted at the tables and bets cannot be charged to your room account. The Oceangoing ships are Black Watch ,  Braemar, Boudicca , and Balmoral. Onboard, passengers will find restaurants and fine dining, bars and lounges, relaxation and fitness and plenty of entertainment and fun activities which vary from sailing to sailing. Be sure to ask about the Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs), a great way to explore! The Genting Hongkong is a Corosration who owns and operate one of the leading global leisure, entertainment and other businesses. One of the major businesses of Genting Hongkong are Resorts World Manila whom opened last August 29, 2009 together with three big luxurious Hotels such us Maxims Hotel, Remington Hotel and Mariott Hotel . Another Property of Genting are Star Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Line whos offering cruise shipping to over 200 destinations all over the world and with 39,000 lower berths approximately. Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. operates the Emerald Princess Casino out of Brunswick, Georgia in the United States. The departure and return location is about halfway between Savannah, GA, and Jacksonville, FL. Out to sea, are St. Simons Island, Sea Island, Jekyll Island, Little St. Simons Island. The ship is rather small at 200 feet so passengers who have issues with motion sickness may want to use an appropriate medication or another method to deal with it. Two of the ship's four decks are devoted to gambling. Smoking is allowed on both levels but never on the third level Bistro Deck. The fourth deck is an open-air observation deck. Guests must be 18 or older to board and gamble and must be at least 21 years of age to drink alcohol. Gambling opportunities are few and far between for many people in the state, so the cruise operator is highly appreciated by most. Holland America Line was founded in the late 1800s as the Netherlands-America Steamship Company. The company's first vacation cruise was offered in 1895. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA, since 1989, it is now part of Carnival Corporation . The line currently comprises about 15 ships, all with casinos onboard. One of the company's greatest legacies is their part in helping to settle America by transporting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to the New World. The fleet consists of mid-sized ships with the smallest, an 'elegant explorer', the Prinsendam slated for retirement in 2019 and new vessels being commissioned in the Pinnacle Class like the MS Koningsdam, Nieuw Statendam , and Nieuw Ryndam with 12 decks and passenger complements of 2,650. Nieuw Ryndam is expected to be brought into service before the end of 2021. Casino hours vary from ship to ship. The minimum gambling age in international waters is 18 with the exception of Alaska Cruises where guests must be 21 or older. Blackjack, roulette, three card poker, and slots are found on most ships. Craps are available on some ships. The casinos are all well arranged and well maintained. Roulette can be found with $1 minimums in some cases, otherwise, most table games start at $5. Slots denominations range from a penny to $5 machines, Be sure to check the video poker paytables before getting too carried away. Depending on the cruise, bingo prizes can range from $2,000 to $100,000. All feature slots and blackjack tournaments. Whether you are sailing out of a US eastern or western port, Kowloon , Saint George's or Sydney , HAL offers a great gaming experience along with a stately cruise full of entertainment possibilities. Restaurants and fine dining, nightly entertainment, bars and lounges, diverse onboard activities like cooking workshops, wine tasting, and BBC Earth Experiences on board are just the tip of the mountain of fun that awaits on a Holland America Line cruise anywhere in the world. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD. was first known as Norwegian Caribbean Line when launched in 1966. Through a series of mergers, decouplings, acquisitions and investments the NYSE-listed company based in Florida is now owned in the minority by private equity companies as well as Genting Group which holds an 11.1% stake. The NCL holding company also owns Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises through a 2014 acquisition of parent company, Prestige Cruises International, Inc. Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL) offers informal casino cruises with no structured time for meals and some other activities and no need to dress formally at mealtime. For family travelers, Norwegian Escape, Breakaway, Getaway, and Epic offer the most 'kid friendly' cruises. All 15 of the ships, including Pride of America, the only US-flagged vessel in the fleet, offer gambling once the ships leave territorial waters. Game variety varies from ship to ship but a sampling of available games includes slots, blackjack and 21 variants, craps, roulette, three card poker, let it ride, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, baccarat, Pai Gow poker, and Texas Hold'em poker. Some of the blackjack variants include a Lucky Ladies side bet with a $5,000 jackpot. Lucky Ladies is available on all ships. All ships except Epic, Breakaway, and Getaway offer a Wheel of Madness side bet on the game. The optional bet can range from $1 to $10. When a player with a stake on the wheel is dealt a natural Blackjack they'll get a spin on the wheel to determine their side bet multiplier. The top prize is $5,000. For those who enjoy sailing on small city-size ships, Norwegian has added a third vessel to its Breakaway-Plus series with the launch of the 168,028-ton, 1,082-foot-long,  20-deck, 4,004 passenger Norwegian Bliss in 2018. She joins Escape and Joy in the class. Those ships launched in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cruise line is very popular and consistently adds to its fleet. There are 7 new additions to the fleet slated for release between 2019 and 2027. The five most recent debuts include Norwegian Bliss (2018), Joy (2017) Escape (2015), Getaway (2014), and Breakaway (2013). So far, Norwegian Bliss is the most innovative casino ship in the fleet with over 300 pokies (slots and video poker) and 25 gaming tables. Across the fleet, poker players register well ahead of time for the Norwegian Cruise Line Poker Challenge (NCLPC). The field is expected to surpass 400 participants soon. Oceania Cruises launched their first ship in 2002 and currently has a fleet of six ships. All of them offer gambling facilities. Founded by a team of cruise industry veterans, the company was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD in 2014 along with a sister company, Regent Seven Seas Cruises . Norwegian (NCL) is headquartered in Florida. All of Oceania's vessels fly the flag of the Marshall Islands. There are 4 ships in the Regatta class, all were built in 1998, 1999, or 2000. The MS Regatta was launched in 2003 and last refurbished in 2014. The most recent launch in the class was the 30,277 ton, 343 cabin, MS Sirena . The former Ocean Princess underwent a $40 million refurbishment in France and launched in 2016. Two brand new Oceania class ships were commissioned from Italian builder Fincantieri and are the first two new builds for the company. MS Marina , at 66,084 tons can hold 1,250 passengers and 580 of the 625 suites and cabins have private verandas. Marina launched in 2011. Her sister ship, which launched in 2012, is the MS Riviera . Two-week-long cruises are the norm for Oceania but they are most well known for much longer tours such as "Around the World in 180 Days" voyages and others lasting up to 195 days. The 6-month world cruises began in 2015. Bookings for the 180-Day World Cruises are taken up to two years in advance. The casinos are rather small in relation to the overall ship size on some vessels, mainly due to the extended times at sea. However, they are also a favorite attraction of many oceanfarers. The gambling spaces are well designed and stylish and offer table limits for all levels of players. The gaming machines include reel and video slots and video poker machines. Key card wagering makes the slots cashless. Casino credit is available to qualified guests and should be arranged one-month prior to departure. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check is required when you board the vessel in order to activate a credit line. All gaming is in USD and Euros can be exchanged on board. All play is tracked and rewarded through the Casinos at Sea rewards program which has 5 tiers. Points can be transfered from ship to ship and slot players can redeem rewards at any time onscreen while playing any game. P&O Cruises is the oldest cruise line in the world. The original company was founded in 1837 and the first passenger cruises from Southampton were offered in 1844. A series of de-mergers and mergers beginning in 2000 culminated in a merger with Carnival Corporation in 2003. The company operates seven cruise ships including Britannia which launched in early 2015. Two more large vessels are planned for launch in 2020 and 2020. All ships offer casino gaming once entering international waters. Table games, slot machines, bingo, scratch cards, and video horse racing are all offered. Roulette, blackjack, and three card poker are offered on all ships. Three of the casinos also offer Fun 21. If you don't see the game when aboard the Arcadia and there is an empty blackjack table, ask your host to flip the table as the Fun 21 felt is just underneath. Purchase your chips from the dealer with cash or your cruise card. All winnings are cashed out onto your cruise card. Slot machines all operate on a coinless system. To play, simply insert your cruise card or cash notes. Bingo offers five cash prizes each full day out to sea. There's also a jackpot that grows with nearly every game and must be won by the conclusion of the cruise. Scratch cards have prizes up to £20,000 and can be purchased at the casino desk. Video horse racing is presented on big screens. Arcadia features 4 tables and a variety of slots on the F deck. Aurora's casino is located on the Prom deck and features 4 tables and slots. Head to the F deck on Azura to find five tables offering three card poker, blackjack, roulette x2, and Fun 21. The casino on Britannia is deck 6 with 2 tables each offering blackjack, roulette, and three card poker. Oceana has five tables on D deck - Oriana offers 23 tables on the Prom deck, and there are five tables on F deck of Ventura. On sea days slots are open on all ships from 10 am until late with tables opening at noon. On port days, gaming doesn't start until the ship reaches international waters, which usually takes about 45 minutes. Opening times can vary by jurisdiction, but the demarcation point is usually 12 miles outside of port limits. Be sure to cash in your chips before leaving the ship. If you happen to forget, you can bring them along for your next voyage but may meet delays while the chips are authenticated. Princess Cruises launched their first Mexican Riviera cruise in 1965 but didn't become a household name known to people who vacation at sea until about a decade later when the company was acquired by P&O, who at the time was the world's largest oceanic shipper with more 300 vessels in operation. Baby boomers may recall Island Princess and Pacific Princess as the ships featured in the 1970s television series, The Love Boat. P&O spun off its passenger division in 2000, and it merged with Carnival in 2003. The combined company then featured 11 different brands of cruise ship companies. Princess, Carnival, and Holland America stopped requisitioning new ships during the 2008 economic downturn but added three new 3,600 passenger ships beginning with Royal Princess in 2013 and Regal Princess which entered service in 2014. A third Fincantieri-built ship, Majestic Princess launched in 2017. The entire current fleet flies the flag of Bermuda except for Royal, Majestic, Golden, Diamond, and Sapphire Princess which ships call the UK home. Three additional Bermuda-flagged Royal Class vessels are slated for launch in 2019, 2020, and 2022. Departure points for Princess Cruises include Vancouver, Canada , Brisbane, Rozelle, and Melbourne in Australia; Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and San Francisco in the US, as well as Marina Bay, Singapore ; Rome, Italy, and Piraeus in Greece. USA Today has awarded Princess the accolade of "Best cruise lines for Gamblers" and slots fans are frequently offered high return tournaments like the $200,000 Monopoly Cruise for Cash tournament. There are tournaments on every cruise so blackjack players and slots spinners have a chance to compete against their shipmates for cash prizes. Games vary from ship to ship but most voyagers will find traditional, video, and progressive jackpot slot machines as well as video poker. Table games can include heads-up Texas Hold ‘Em poker, and casino games like Caribbean Stud Poker, Three Card Poker and Let it Ride. Blackjack, dice, roulette, and other table games are available on most ships and you can even play bingo with ticket packages ranging from $10 to $30. A fairly new "class" of ships was introduced in 2017, known as the Ocean Medallion Class. These are 'the internet of things' ships with omnichannel connectivity to guests accounts from a medallion wristband. On ships appointed with the amenity, guests have access to the PlayOcean Casino and PlayOcean Everywhere so they can play real money games anywhere on the ship. Regent Seven Seas Cruises [(RSSC) formerly Radisson SSC] was founded in 1990. It is a luxury cruise line company offering an all-inclusive experience. Regent was a sister company of Oceania Cruises . The parent company, Prestige Cruise Holdings was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Lines in 2014. Regent Seven Seas Cruises' current fleet comprises 4 ships ranging from 28,550 gross tons to 54,000 GT. The largest ship to date is Seven Seas Explorer built in 2016 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri of Sestri Ponente, Genova.  Fincantieri has also been commissioned to delivers the 55k GT Seven Seas Splendor in early 2020. All vessels are currently Bahamian-flagged. The fleet's casino ships sail out of Sydney, Australia; the Port of Miami in the US, and Kavala, Greece. In early 2017 the parent company announced that a new Port of Miami terminal was under development for completion prior to 2020. All of the casinos in the fleet share in the Norwegian Cruise Lines Casinos At Sea rewards program. The rewards program has five tiers with the top three sharing a host of benefits including cruise suite discounts and convenience fee waivers. First-tier and all other players will enjoy promotional offers, pint redemtions for free play, and the ability t transfer points from ship to ship. Second tier members also receive special birthday offers. Point redemption for free play is easy. Slots and video poker players can cash in right at the machine they are playing at any time or do as table players do and redeem points at the casino cage. Casino credit is available to all players with an existing reservation. Please make arrangements at least 30 days in advance of your voyage. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check will be required on board to activate the line. The Casino on Seven Seas Mariner sailing out of Greece is located on Deck 7. The gaming facilities are open daily when territorial border limits do not restrict operations.  Blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and slot machines are available for play. Adult Entertainment beyond the casino floor includes a show lounge in the style of a Parisian cabaret with musical productions staged by experienced Broadway pros. The Connoisseur Club is a special hideaway where fine cognac and imported cigars are enjoyed by shipmates engaging in friendly conversation while they enjoy the finer things in life. Royal Caribbean International is a Miami-based cruise line brand owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. The company was founded in Norway in 1968 and has over 20 ships in operation as well as a future fleet that will bring that number to 30. You might be wondering: "How many of the oceangoing vessels have casinos?" Good news for seafaring gamblers! Royal Caribbean has outfitted their entire current fleet with onboard casinos! Some are a little bigger than others, and some have more game variety, but they all have lots of slots and plenty of table game action. Sailing out of England? Consider booking the Navigator of the Seas ; From Barcelona, Vision; Shanghai? Quantum of the Seas ; Hong Kong, Voyager. Most of the other cruises depart from the U.S . and Puerto Rico . All of the casinos offer thousands of square feet of Vegas-style action under the lights with video slots, video poker, table games, and tournaments. Some of the table games you can expect to find on your Royal Caribbean cruise are: Single Deck Blackjack Roulette Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'Em Let It Ride Three Card Poker Blackjack with Side Bets like Lucky Ladies Walking up to a high stakes blackjack table and sitting down with a stack of chips in front of you can seem intimidating to casual players and those who may need to brush up a little on their game. Royal Caribbean has you covered! During the day, your hosts will be glad to teach you the ins and outs of any game from roulette to baccarat. Once you get your "sea legs" for the game you can join a tournament where everyone has a chance to progress to the grand finale without risking stacks of your hard earned cash along the way. If you want to win big prizes with more help from Lady Luck than your own gambling experience, try a Slot Tournament. Simply go to the Casino Cash Desk when the casino is open to enroll in a qualifying tournament. Even Beginner's Luck can help you grab a chunk of the $50,000 prize pool! This might seem crazy: Poker players can qualify for the Royal Poker Tournament throughout the year. Winners are eligible for entry into the finals with a chance to win part of the $100,000 Royal Poker Prize Pool! Don't forget, you may be eligible for a free cruise vacation for two along the way. What Else Can I Look Forward To? Visit the Royal Caribbean Casino Cruise Experience to learn more about... Casino Promotions Club Royal Events Casino Rewards Program Casino Credit Win/Loss Statements Wire Transfer Instructions If you have questions now you can contact the Casino Call Center at (888) 561-2234. Seabourn Cruise Line offers casino gaming on all five of its luxury liner cruise ships. The company was founded in 1986 in Norway. Carnival Corp began purchasing shares in 1991 and completed ownership in 2001. The company moved its Miami headquarters to Seattle, Washington in 2011 to join Holland America Line . With home ports in the U.S., Argentina, and Singapore the company's five luxury casino cruise ships are... Seabourn Ovation Seabourn Encore Seabourn Quest Seabourn Odyssey Seabourn Sojourn You might be asking yourself: Should I book a Seabourn Cruise for gambling? The answer to that is simple. It depends on what you are looking for in a casino cruise... 1) How long do I want to be on the ship? 2) How much time will I spend in the casino? 3) Do I want a Las Vegas on the seas experience? 4) Would I be happy with a few slot machines and occasional table action? 5) Can I afford a Seabourn casino cruise? We'll help you answer those questions and more by sharing some things we know about the Seabourn Difference . Seabourn offers Caribbean cruises as short as seven days. They also offer mid-length ventures and journeys up to 100 days. Shore excursions are available on some cruises. The casinos onboard the ships are all on Deck 5 near the aft deck. They are small by most land casino standards with less than two dozen slots and video poker machines and 3 or 4 gaming tables. The gaming areas are located fore of The Club and near the Club Bar. Men and women's restrooms are adjacent to the gaming areas. The gaming areas are well appointed and well kept. They simply aren't large enough to provide a Las Vegas-style experience when you aren't actually gambling. Table games include Blackjack , Roulette , and Poker . Seabourn is a luxury cruise liner... Expect to pay top price for your cruise Formal nights are optional so you could save on wardrobe costs Prices are all-inclusive so your drinks are paid for Gourmands will especially appreciate Restaurant 2 Now that you know more about gambling at sea with Seabourn, you can sign up for special offers or explore the video gallery and choose a destination in the Caribbean, Mediterranian, Asia, or plan a Transatlantic cruise ! Expect to meet others onboard who are: Older, financially secure, well-dressed. Silversea Cruises is a mid-level luxury cruise line established in 1994 by the Lefebvre family of Rome, Italy. The company is headquartered in Monaco and owned in the majority (67%) by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd . The company's current fleet comprises nine vessels. The largest and newest ship is Silver Muse at 40,700 gross tons and capacity for nearly 600 passengers. Six of the ships are over sixteen tons and three are clippers in the company's Expedition fleet. Seafaring gamblers will find casinos aboard: Silver Cloud Silver Wind Silver Shadow Silver Whisper Silver Spirit (Refurbished/expanded March 2018) Silver Muse (Launched 2017) There are no gaming facilities on the smaller expedition class ships. You might be wondering... What are the best cruises for gambling? Really, any cruise anywhere in the world under 7 days is best. Why? The longer cruises tend to attract older vacationers who go to bed early. If you like the casino all to yourself, a longer cruise may be best. All of the ships with gaming offer Blackjack, Roulette, and slots. The two newer and larger ships have roomier, more opulent casino gaming areas with plenty of action. The smallest casino is on Silversea Wind with nine gaming machines and four tables. You can click the following link to view the casino aboard Silver Shadow . True luxury at mid-class prices: All inclusive pricing makes a Silverseas cruise an easy decision. You'll find most of your cruise mates are couples and the younger more upwardly mobile families have opted for a Carnival or Royal Caribbean cruise. Enjoy: All-Inclusive experience (gratuities included in fare) Fine dining (diverse cuisine, open seating, 24 hours) Private veranda (855 of suites) Very personalized service (Butler service in every suite) Champagne, wine, and spirits (anywhere on the ship including in-suite) Entertainment Complimentary transportation (in most port towns) Spa and fitness facilities If I run out of cash can I get an advance for the casino or shore excursions? Cash advances are limited to $1,000 per voyage per suite. Onboard cash advance services incur a 2% fee. Onboard credit cannot be used in the casino. Can I gamble online? Silversea offers unlimited free Wi-Fi. There are no known restrictions on personal usage. Your suite status will determine a premium or standard Wi-Fi package. If unsure of local laws, please wait until you are 12 miles out to sea before you gambling online . Where can I find out more? You can check out the individual casino cruises by clicking a link below. Contact information is also available on the profile pages. You can also visit SILVERSEA to find exclusive offers, request a quote or brochure, or book your cruise vacation now! Victory Casino Cruises has been running out of Port Canaveral, Florida since 2011. If you are looking for a 'cruise to nowhere' this might be your best bet. The Victory I first set sail in 1972 and was refurbished before Victory launched their casino cruise. If you've ever been on a gambling ship, as opposed to a luxury cruise liner with a casino... You might ask: "I thought gambling was a monopoly in Florida. How do they do it?" Yes, most of the slots and table games are in the Seminole Tribe's Hard Rock casinos . You can find poker and a few other games like poker at Florida racetracks and jai alai frontons. Once the ship enters international waters, Florida gambling laws no longer apply. The 3-mile journey usually takes about 30 minutes - then the games are on! #1 Florida Casino Cruise? Judging by the reviews on TripAdvisor , most people are extremely satisfied with their Victory Casino Cruise experiences. Those who weren't might not have known what to expect. This is a gambling ship You'll be out to sea for 5-6 hours People smoke outside, so you might smell it You might say: "Okay, I get it. But what about the casino... is it a real casino?" Oh yeah! It's a real casino alright. There are over 600 slots so there should always be some open. On a busy cruise, they'll open up to 100 gaming tables. That puts it on par with most Downtown Las Vegas properties and quite a few on the Strip. Here's what you can play... Slots Blackjack $5-$500 - dealer stands all 17's - BJ pays 3:2 Craps Roulette EZ Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'em Mississippi Stud Three Card Poker Let It Ride Bingo Only Legal Sportsbook in Florida!!! Read on for more about the boat and what's on it... Four decks are available on the 2,137 GT, 368-foot gambling ship built at the Bellinger Shipyard, Jacksonville FL in 1972. Deck 1 - Sportsbook Lounge, Atlantic Cafe Deck 2 - High-limit slots, Table games Deck 3 - Slots atrium Deck 4 - Big Norm's Club V, Outside deck Dolphin Bar Big Norm's Club V is open 7 days a week. On weekends it turns into more of a nightclub with DJ's, internationally and locally renowned musicians. Where to learn more about Victory Casino Cruise Location Captain's Weather Blog Transportation Windstar Cruises is a luxury cruise line established in 1984. Based in Seattle, Washington the company's fleet comprises 6 yachts with capacities ranging from 148 to 310 guests. The line is owned by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Inc., whose parent company is The Anschutz Corporation. Former owners include Holland America Line . All six ships offer casino gambling . So... Other than offering luxury yachts, what sets Windstar apart? For the answer to that, let's look at the company's flagship vessel, The Wind Star . In service since 1986, the Wind Star features a spa, a Signature shop, library, veranda, watersports platform, whirlpool, pool bar, gourmet restaurant/lounge, a casino, and Windstar's Open Bridge Policy. When the weather is good... The Captain will welcome you to the bridge No reservations needed Shop with the chefs at foreign markets Sample the local fare and help pick out: produce spices herbs local treats Enjoy the next moveable feast onboard! Watersports Platform snorkeling paddle boarding swimming sailing water skiing windsurfing kayaking The Rest of the Fleet Wind Spirit (most popular casino ship) Wind Surf (the largest, formerly Club Med 1) Star Pride (formerly Seabourn Pride) Star Breeze (formerly Seabourn Breeze) Star Legend (formerly Seabourn Legend) Okay, now, some gambling details Age to Play: 21 While we're talking about age... This line is not recommended for families with children except for older teens. Very few organized activities. Sightseeing and adult socializing are key cruise features. Games: Blackjack, roulette, slots , poker The ships have a mix of gaming opportunities. Expect all on larger ships like Wind Surf. Table Minimum : $5 Slots: Multidenominational Onboard Credit: Arrange prior to departure for best success Smoking: Not allowed in the casino - only  in designated smoking areas on outside decks Learn more about what makes Windstar different Learn more about Windstar Policies - Read the FAQ Additional gambling opportunities on a Windstar Cruise If you want to take a shore excursion and include a casino night... Choose a destination or cruise with a layover to Monte Carlo ! Please keep in mind that all casinos in Monaco require men to wear a jacket and tie. Top Destinations: Asia Caribbean Costa Rica/Panama Cana Mediterranean Mexico How do I get there? Visit Windstar Cruises to find a cruise, plan your journey, look for specials, or dream about the yachts ! Seafaring gamblers in the Nordic region, especially the northern parts of the Baltic Sea, have been enjoying the gambling services of Paf on Tallink and Silja line cruises for over three decades. The Åland-based service provider's contract is up for renewal at five year periods with 2023 on the horizon fore or aft. Onboard games include popular slots, bingo, poker, table and card games, lotteries, and sports betting. Departure points for gambling cruises include Stockholm in Sweden along with Helsinki and Turku in Finland. The Baltic Princess sails out of Stockholm twice each day and offers full family entertainment and escape with a well-staffed Siljaland playroom for the kids. It's one of the newest ships on the Baltic and offers no-limit Texas Hold'em tournaments and daily live entertainment. Cruise ferry Galaxy offers 927 cabins over 12 decks, several restaurants and bars, as well as a kids zone. The onboard casino has slots, roulette, and blackjack tables. This vessel is often used for business meetings as the modern 450 conference center attracts the business class as well as weddings and family parties and gatherings. The sauna department is highly rated. The Silja Symphony departs from Stockholm and is an older ship launched in 1991. A favorite of many seeking a break, this is a unique vessel. The heart of the ship features a pedestrian streetwalk down the Promenade with top-tier restaurants, cafes, and a variety of shops on either side. The casino is located in the bow of the ship on Deck 7 where you'll find roulette, poker and slot machines. Silja Serenade Cruise Ship sails out of Helsinki and is perhaps the premier gambling ship in the fleet. There are ten classes of cabins and suites from the special cabins designed to accommodate people with special needs and those who are traveling with a pet or have allergies to the Executive Suite on Deck 11 with 75m2 of luxurious space and featuring its own sauna. Paf has recently upgraded the manual payment system in its casinos on the Tallink & Silja Line, replacing coins with tickets - adding another level of convenience and comfort for adventurers. AS Tallink Grupp services nearly 10 million passengers each year on its 14 consumer vessels. Paf also operates the casino aboard Casino Sunborn in Gibraltar , a 5-star superyacht, and the Paf Casino on Åland with more than 1,500 slot machines and 55 gaming tables in operation. Big M Gaming LLC operates two gambling cruise ships out of Little River, SC in the United States; Big "M" Casino Ship I and Big "M" Casino Ship II . The seaside of Little River is better known as Myrtle Beach. It is situated next to the South/North Carolina border and has been continuously inhabited since the first trading post was established in the 1700's. Big M offers 5-hour gambling cruises with a set-price all you can eat buffet and is very popular in the region. There are no land casinos in the state. The closest terrestrial casino is Harrah's Cherokee nearly 6 hours away in North Carolina. Due to strict gambling laws in the state, the only way to play blackjack or slots legally is to go out to sea. Gaming is only allowed after you are at least 3 miles away from shore but the ships may travel as far as 15 miles out. It takes about 45 minutes to reach international waters. The minimum age to board either ship is 21. Smoking is only allowed on the main deck casino during gaming hours. Both ships also offer smoke-free gaming decks with slot machines. Both ships offer Las Vegas-style gambling. Only Ship I has Texas Hold ’em poker. Both casinos host slots, roulette, craps, Let it Ride, 3-card poker and other specialty games. Both ships are well maintained and kept clean, although we wouldn't go so far as to refer to them as ' luxury yachts ' as the company does, they are nicely appointed and there is plenty of room to move around. The ships are rarely, if ever, out to sea at the same time so if you have a preference (outer deck smoking, prime rib or seafood buffets, etc.), it's always a good idea to call ahead or visit the website for a schedule and current prices. The water can get a bit rough any time of the year and the outings occur every month. Some people will choose to eat on the way out, others on the way back to port, and others may not eat at all. The price of the buffet is not included in boarding fees. The buffet deck is not handicap accessible but staff will gladly bring food to the main deck and set up a comfortable dining space for those who can't reach the restaurant. Sandwiches are available on the top deck throughout the cruise. BUffet prices are reasonable. Beer, wine, and well drinks are about the same price as you'll find in the town of Little River . Carnival Cruise Line offers casino gaming on over two dozen ships departing from the U.S. and other ports from Honolulu, Hawaii, and Miami, to Barcelona, Spain .  While the gaming centers may have different names from vessel to vessel, most are fairly generic capitalizing on formulas the cruise giant has developed over the years. Your Sail & Sign card also doubles as Carnival Players Club card at all of the casinos. The Ocean Players Club covers you on any Carnival Casino cruise, Ibero Cruceros, P&O Cruises, Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, Holland America, Cunard, Seabourn, and Princess Cruises. Carnival ships are family ships, so there's always a safe and healthy place for the kids to play while mom and dad head out for a little Las Vegas-style action during their escape to sea. Most Carnival casinos allow passengers 18 years of age and older to enter and play in the casinos. Common among most of the gaming decks are optional casino tournaments featuring slots, poker, and blackjack . The cost of tournaments change from time to time, ship to ship, and game to game but the payouts for winning on sheer luck can pay for the trip and more. Slots are the biggest draw with games from top developers and providers such as Aruze, Bally, and IGT. The Sphinx 3D™ by IGT gives players all the thrills they would ever expect in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. But if you want a dealer or croupier to get to know you by name you'll have to go to the table. Most of the blackjack tables have low buy-ins but if enough high rollers want a game your Carnival casino host will probably accommodate the request. You're not likely to find single-deck action but there are plenty of variations on the basic theme to keep most players happy including Face-Up 21, Fun 21, and classic blackjack. Most ships offer poker tournaments or at least a table or two for poker players. The electronic PokerPro tables might take some players a couple of minutes to get used to - just cup your hands around the display of face-down cards to see them revealed. If you're a poker junky and on a vessel with  Ocean Medallion technology, you can play 24/7 on your mobile device even if the tables floor tables are closed. Slots , bingo, and roulette are also available on some cruises. Players won't find free drinks coming around every few minutes like they do in Las Vegas, and you'll have to be at least 21 to order a partake, but Carnival offers double the comps for gameplay compared to other cruise lines. This means that your casino points add up to free beer, wine, and cocktails or even non-alcoholic drinks if you prefer. For the not-so-serious gamblers, there are also prize games - some require skill, and all require luck. Win a stack of greenbacks on the Cash Cube or try your hand at picking up pricey electronics and other prizes on a claw machine. Celebrity Cruises offer a single brand of casino experience across the fleet of gaming equipped vessels. Every Celebrity cruise ship except the Expedition has a Fortune Casino onboard. All ships offer blackjack, roulette, poker, craps, and a wide range of slot machines.  For guests on the Celebrity Solstice sailing out of Sydney, and several other cruises, baccarat (punto banco) is also available upon request. Since the casinos don't open for play until the cruise is in international waters, most gambling laws do not apply. Guests only need to be 18 years old to play, except for the Alaska Cruise which requires guests to be 21 or older.  No matter where the ship is, you need to be 21 to drink. Smoking is not allowed in any Fortunes Casino but all ships have designated outdoor smoking areas. Celebrity Cruises belongs to the International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) and adheres to council guidelines on gambling entertainment. All facilities and equipment meet regulatory standards equal to Nevada or other licensed jurisdictions for payback percentages ad internal software; abide by rules of play equal to Nevada, New Jersey or England, and all gambling operations are audited by Celebrity's internal audit department on a regular basis, among other controls. Fortunes Casino partners with MGM, so if you remember to use your player's club card you can earn comps and perks at land-based casinos while you are out at sea! All loyalty tiers can redeem points for free casino play. There are 5 tiers and players in the top 3 tiers receive anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars in free play each time they sail. There are now more than 20 perks and benefits associated with Blue Chip Club membership. Passengers will always find excellent dining and lounge options on Celebrity casino cruises as well as entertainment. Among the best-outfitted vessels for casino gaming players will find about 275 slot machines. Celebrity Millenium sailing out of Hong Kong, Infinity, Summit, and Constellation offer around 190 machines each, about a dozen mixed Las Vegas-style table games, and 1 electronic Pokermate Texas Hold 'Em table. Celebrity Reflection sailing out of Chile and Brazil, Equinox, Eclipse, Silhouette, and  Solstice each have more than a dozen tables with 2 poker tables each and baccarat upon request. All Fortune Casinos offer at least one single-deck blackjack table. Slots start at $0.01, they include reel slots and video bonus games. Video poker machines are included in the slot machines count. People who take the seas to gamble in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe know the Costa Cruises experience, or as the line is called in its native Italy, Costa Crociere. Vessels with onboard casinos include those sailing out of Marina Bay, Singapore ; Tianjin, China; Dubai, UAE; Port Louis, Mauritius; Mumbai, India and Savona, Italy . Starting out with cargo ships in 1854, the company started commercial activities from about 1924 until the first passenger services were begun in 1947 with regular services to South America. The then family-owned company eventually converted their fleet to cruising and became one of the largest operators in Europe before selling to Carnival in the year 2000. The Carnival family of companies now comprises  Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Crociere, Cunard Line, Holland America, Seabourn Cruise Lines, and Windstar Cruises with Costa accounting for about 16% of the parent company's revenue. Costa Cruises brand currently operates six casino ships and 8 vessels without gaming facilities. All sail under the Italian flag in the waters of the Caribbean, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia, and South America. None of the casino spaces are huge by international standards but all are well appointed and offer tables and slots. The Mediterranea , sailing out of Savona in Italy, offers the most slots with over 140 machines, while the Atlantica , departing from Tianjin, China offers the most table games with a count of 21. The table game selection varies by ship but you will usually find blackjack, roulette, and poker, as well as craps on some vessels. All of the vessels offer fine dining, recreation, entertainment, shopping, sport, and wellness facilities including spas. Some of the ships without casino feature 4D Cinema as part of the kids' package of family fun. Some of the amenities found on Costa Cruises Fortuna, sailing out of Port Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates include a theater, library, art gallery, cognac bar and a cigar bar. Dining ranges from casual to fine dining on all vessels with 7-Michelin starred chef's tending to your needs on some. For those who smoke and those who prefer not to be exposed, all cabins and public rooms are smoke-free. There are designated spaces on open decks for smokers and you can smoke on your private cabin balcony - and of course, in the Cigar Bar. e-cigarettes are in your cabin as well. neoClassica and neoRomantica sail out of Mumbai, India and Port Louis, Mauritius respectively and offer a good variety of gaming. Crystal Cruises is an American luxury liner with two casino outfitted ships as of 2018. Formerly owned and operated by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) with Caesars Casinos onboard, the line was sold to Genting Hong Kong in 2015. The casinos were rebranded as Resorts World casinos after Genting's other land-based casino brand. The subsidiary was also renamed to Crystal, Ltd and maintains headquarters in Los Angeles, California, and Miami, Florida. Additional luxury brands in service or under development include Crystal River Cruises, Crystal Yacht Expedition Cruises, Crystal Luxury Air and Crystal AirCruises. Crystal Cruises is currently the only division to offer full-service onboard casino amenities. Both the Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity were scheduled for major makeovers upon acquisition. In October 2017 the Symphony emerged from a multimillion-dollar renovation with luxury suites and penthouses in addition to more standard accommodations. The 50,000-ton vessel formerly accommodated 1,000 passengers but now offers more space and luxury to just 848 guests over eight decks. The new deck configuration for Serenity unveiled in November 2018. The Serenity offers 9 decks including the uppermost Sun Deck with elevator service. In addition to a large social area, vacationers will find paddle tennis courts, a sliding glass roof that can retract and let air as well as light into the Trident area, a weight room, spa, and salon. Like the Symphony, the 4,500 sq ft casino is found on the second level Tiffany Deck. Games offered include Blackjack , Roulette, Slot machines, Bingo, Mini-Baccarat, Texas Hold'em, and Three Card Poker. In addition to open floor casino space and VIP rooms, a luxury showroom and stage is fore - with an atrium, retail outlets, a Hollywood Theater, bistro, photo gallery, nightclub, connoisseur club (smoking lounge), saloon, and dance club with a stage - all aft of the casino. Look for Umi Uma & Sushi Bar on Serenity from November 2018 - Chef Nobu Matsuhisa's only Nobu at sea. All chefs have been personally trained by the master himself. Additional fine dining sees Prego bring the flavors of Italy to the Serenity. Every day dining is also available in the Crystal Dining Room with signature menus focused on two choices - one classic, the other, modern. Crystal Cove is a luxury cognac bar featuring Rémy Martin Louis XIII at the top end as well as wines, liqueurs, tequila, and grappa. The Penthouse Suites at 982 square feet (91.23 sqm) offer verandahs as do some staterooms, Other staterooms feature large picture windows. Elevator service is provided to all decks. The ships' ports of call are Philipsburg, Sint Maarten and the Port of Anchorage in Anchorage, Alaska. Cunard Line has been operated by Carnival since 1998, but the company has a rich and illustrious history dating back to 1839. Starting out with Britain's first transatlantic steamship mail contract, there are now three vessels in operation offering Northern European, Mediterranean, Transatlantic, Caribbean, and World Cruises. The fleet currently consists of the ocean liner Queen Mary 2 , and cruise ships Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria . A 4th vessel is slated for operation n 2022. There is a casino on board each Cunard ship. However, not all cruises offer gambling as the Empire Casinos do not open during voyages without foreign ports of call on the itinerary. Vessels stopping in Dublin, Cobh, St Peters Port and all foreign country ports will sail outside of UK territorial waters (12 miles/45 minutes) and the casinos will be opened while outside of the UKGC's jurisdiction. Queen Mary 2 offers Roulette, Blackjack, Three card poker, and Heads up Texas Hold'em - a house-banked casino game played against the dealer - as well as about 100 slot machines. There are 9 gaming tables in total aboard QM2. As mention, the casino opens about 45 minutes after leaving port. Once out to sea, slots machines are available for play beginning at 10am. Tables are open from 11am until 5pm, and then again from 7:30pm until close. Closing time is at the discretion of the casino manager. Queen Elizabeth offers about 45 slot machines and 5 gaming tables. Available table games include Roulette, Blackjack, Three Card Poker, and Fun 21. Queen Victoria features about 45 slots and the same mix of games spread over 5 tables as are found on Queen Elizabeth. Table limits on all ships vary from $3 - $25 minimums with maximum bets ranging from $100 - $500. Reels slots, video slots, and video poker machines are multi-denominational with 'coin' sizes ranging from a penny to $5. All machines are coinless. Deposits are accepted in notes or via cruise cards. Cashouts are done to your card. Cash and cards are accepted at the tables to purchase chips. A credit card must be registered at the front desk in order to use your cruise card for gambling. "Onboard spending money" is not accepted for chip purchases. Complimentary gaming lessons are available during the day for those who may not be familiar with the rules or practices of certain games. Glory Sea is the first cruise ship launched by Diamond Cruise International Co. The ship is a luxury liner with an ever-changing itinerary that has included short cruises sailing from China's Shanghai port 2016-2017, and a 10-month charter with roundtrip cruises from Sokcho, South Korea which began in November 2017. Some destinations included Japan and Vladivostok , Russia, Vietnam’s Ha Long Bay from China’s “Coconut City,” Haikou, along with Da Nang and Nha Trang, as well as Manila and Boracay in the Philippines. Upon launch, the onboard VIP casino was operated by Century Casinos, Inc. , which also operates casinos aboard ships owned by TUI Cruises, Thomson Cruises, and Windstar Cruises. Immediately prior to its acquisition by Diamond Cruise parent company, Suzhou Taihu International Travel Agency, the vessel was known as Celestyal Odyssey and help a slightly smaller casino on the 6th deck. After the 2016 refurbishment, the Century casino offered 16 table games with a VIP room, and 40 gaming machines. Games offered include blackjack, roulette, 3 Card Poker, Sic Bo, baccarat and video slots. Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines is owned by a Norwegian company, Bonheur and Ganger Rolf, part of the Fred. Olsen Group. Company headquarters are located in Ipswich, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom. The company was started in 1848 by three brothers who embarked on a business of international shipping. Still, a family company, five generations of Olsens have participated in the venture as well as several other sectors from shipbuilding to electronics. There are five ships in the current fleet including the Brabant, Fred Olsens's first river cruise. All of the ships offer gaming opportunities, but the voyages are not usually undertaken with a primary focus on gambling. Each vessel has two gaming tables - one for blackjack and another for roulette. Many experienced passengers report that the tables are not open on every voyage. However, gambling is an advertised service and a croupier will most likely open a table upon request if it is not already in action. Guests will need to be at least 18 years of age to play. Only cash (Pounds Sterling) is accepted at the tables and bets cannot be charged to your room account. The Oceangoing ships are Black Watch ,  Braemar, Boudicca , and Balmoral. Onboard, passengers will find restaurants and fine dining, bars and lounges, relaxation and fitness and plenty of entertainment and fun activities which vary from sailing to sailing. Be sure to ask about the Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs), a great way to explore! The Genting Hongkong is a Corosration who owns and operate one of the leading global leisure, entertainment and other businesses. One of the major businesses of Genting Hongkong are Resorts World Manila whom opened last August 29, 2009 together with three big luxurious Hotels such us Maxims Hotel, Remington Hotel and Mariott Hotel . Another Property of Genting are Star Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Line whos offering cruise shipping to over 200 destinations all over the world and with 39,000 lower berths approximately. Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. operates the Emerald Princess Casino out of Brunswick, Georgia in the United States. The departure and return location is about halfway between Savannah, GA, and Jacksonville, FL. Out to sea, are St. Simons Island, Sea Island, Jekyll Island, Little St. Simons Island. The ship is rather small at 200 feet so passengers who have issues with motion sickness may want to use an appropriate medication or another method to deal with it. Two of the ship's four decks are devoted to gambling. Smoking is allowed on both levels but never on the third level Bistro Deck. The fourth deck is an open-air observation deck. Guests must be 18 or older to board and gamble and must be at least 21 years of age to drink alcohol. Gambling opportunities are few and far between for many people in the state, so the cruise operator is highly appreciated by most. Holland America Line was founded in the late 1800s as the Netherlands-America Steamship Company. The company's first vacation cruise was offered in 1895. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA, since 1989, it is now part of Carnival Corporation . The line currently comprises about 15 ships, all with casinos onboard. One of the company's greatest legacies is their part in helping to settle America by transporting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to the New World. The fleet consists of mid-sized ships with the smallest, an 'elegant explorer', the Prinsendam slated for retirement in 2019 and new vessels being commissioned in the Pinnacle Class like the MS Koningsdam, Nieuw Statendam , and Nieuw Ryndam with 12 decks and passenger complements of 2,650. Nieuw Ryndam is expected to be brought into service before the end of 2021. Casino hours vary from ship to ship. The minimum gambling age in international waters is 18 with the exception of Alaska Cruises where guests must be 21 or older. Blackjack, roulette, three card poker, and slots are found on most ships. Craps are available on some ships. The casinos are all well arranged and well maintained. Roulette can be found with $1 minimums in some cases, otherwise, most table games start at $5. Slots denominations range from a penny to $5 machines, Be sure to check the video poker paytables before getting too carried away. Depending on the cruise, bingo prizes can range from $2,000 to $100,000. All feature slots and blackjack tournaments. Whether you are sailing out of a US eastern or western port, Kowloon , Saint George's or Sydney , HAL offers a great gaming experience along with a stately cruise full of entertainment possibilities. Restaurants and fine dining, nightly entertainment, bars and lounges, diverse onboard activities like cooking workshops, wine tasting, and BBC Earth Experiences on board are just the tip of the mountain of fun that awaits on a Holland America Line cruise anywhere in the world. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD. was first known as Norwegian Caribbean Line when launched in 1966. Through a series of mergers, decouplings, acquisitions and investments the NYSE-listed company based in Florida is now owned in the minority by private equity companies as well as Genting Group which holds an 11.1% stake. The NCL holding company also owns Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises through a 2014 acquisition of parent company, Prestige Cruises International, Inc. Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL) offers informal casino cruises with no structured time for meals and some other activities and no need to dress formally at mealtime. For family travelers, Norwegian Escape, Breakaway, Getaway, and Epic offer the most 'kid friendly' cruises. All 15 of the ships, including Pride of America, the only US-flagged vessel in the fleet, offer gambling once the ships leave territorial waters. Game variety varies from ship to ship but a sampling of available games includes slots, blackjack and 21 variants, craps, roulette, three card poker, let it ride, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, baccarat, Pai Gow poker, and Texas Hold'em poker. Some of the blackjack variants include a Lucky Ladies side bet with a $5,000 jackpot. Lucky Ladies is available on all ships. All ships except Epic, Breakaway, and Getaway offer a Wheel of Madness side bet on the game. The optional bet can range from $1 to $10. When a player with a stake on the wheel is dealt a natural Blackjack they'll get a spin on the wheel to determine their side bet multiplier. The top prize is $5,000. For those who enjoy sailing on small city-size ships, Norwegian has added a third vessel to its Breakaway-Plus series with the launch of the 168,028-ton, 1,082-foot-long,  20-deck, 4,004 passenger Norwegian Bliss in 2018. She joins Escape and Joy in the class. Those ships launched in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cruise line is very popular and consistently adds to its fleet. There are 7 new additions to the fleet slated for release between 2019 and 2027. The five most recent debuts include Norwegian Bliss (2018), Joy (2017) Escape (2015), Getaway (2014), and Breakaway (2013). So far, Norwegian Bliss is the most innovative casino ship in the fleet with over 300 pokies (slots and video poker) and 25 gaming tables. Across the fleet, poker players register well ahead of time for the Norwegian Cruise Line Poker Challenge (NCLPC). The field is expected to surpass 400 participants soon. Oceania Cruises launched their first ship in 2002 and currently has a fleet of six ships. All of them offer gambling facilities. Founded by a team of cruise industry veterans, the company was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD in 2014 along with a sister company, Regent Seven Seas Cruises . Norwegian (NCL) is headquartered in Florida. All of Oceania's vessels fly the flag of the Marshall Islands. There are 4 ships in the Regatta class, all were built in 1998, 1999, or 2000. The MS Regatta was launched in 2003 and last refurbished in 2014. The most recent launch in the class was the 30,277 ton, 343 cabin, MS Sirena . The former Ocean Princess underwent a $40 million refurbishment in France and launched in 2016. Two brand new Oceania class ships were commissioned from Italian builder Fincantieri and are the first two new builds for the company. MS Marina , at 66,084 tons can hold 1,250 passengers and 580 of the 625 suites and cabins have private verandas. Marina launched in 2011. Her sister ship, which launched in 2012, is the MS Riviera . Two-week-long cruises are the norm for Oceania but they are most well known for much longer tours such as "Around the World in 180 Days" voyages and others lasting up to 195 days. The 6-month world cruises began in 2015. Bookings for the 180-Day World Cruises are taken up to two years in advance. The casinos are rather small in relation to the overall ship size on some vessels, mainly due to the extended times at sea. However, they are also a favorite attraction of many oceanfarers. The gambling spaces are well designed and stylish and offer table limits for all levels of players. The gaming machines include reel and video slots and video poker machines. Key card wagering makes the slots cashless. Casino credit is available to qualified guests and should be arranged one-month prior to departure. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check is required when you board the vessel in order to activate a credit line. All gaming is in USD and Euros can be exchanged on board. All play is tracked and rewarded through the Casinos at Sea rewards program which has 5 tiers. Points can be transfered from ship to ship and slot players can redeem rewards at any time onscreen while playing any game. P&O Cruises is the oldest cruise line in the world. The original company was founded in 1837 and the first passenger cruises from Southampton were offered in 1844. A series of de-mergers and mergers beginning in 2000 culminated in a merger with Carnival Corporation in 2003. The company operates seven cruise ships including Britannia which launched in early 2015. Two more large vessels are planned for launch in 2020 and 2020. All ships offer casino gaming once entering international waters. Table games, slot machines, bingo, scratch cards, and video horse racing are all offered. Roulette, blackjack, and three card poker are offered on all ships. Three of the casinos also offer Fun 21. If you don't see the game when aboard the Arcadia and there is an empty blackjack table, ask your host to flip the table as the Fun 21 felt is just underneath. Purchase your chips from the dealer with cash or your cruise card. All winnings are cashed out onto your cruise card. Slot machines all operate on a coinless system. To play, simply insert your cruise card or cash notes. Bingo offers five cash prizes each full day out to sea. There's also a jackpot that grows with nearly every game and must be won by the conclusion of the cruise. Scratch cards have prizes up to £20,000 and can be purchased at the casino desk. Video horse racing is presented on big screens. Arcadia features 4 tables and a variety of slots on the F deck. Aurora's casino is located on the Prom deck and features 4 tables and slots. Head to the F deck on Azura to find five tables offering three card poker, blackjack, roulette x2, and Fun 21. The casino on Britannia is deck 6 with 2 tables each offering blackjack, roulette, and three card poker. Oceana has five tables on D deck - Oriana offers 23 tables on the Prom deck, and there are five tables on F deck of Ventura. On sea days slots are open on all ships from 10 am until late with tables opening at noon. On port days, gaming doesn't start until the ship reaches international waters, which usually takes about 45 minutes. Opening times can vary by jurisdiction, but the demarcation point is usually 12 miles outside of port limits. Be sure to cash in your chips before leaving the ship. If you happen to forget, you can bring them along for your next voyage but may meet delays while the chips are authenticated. Princess Cruises launched their first Mexican Riviera cruise in 1965 but didn't become a household name known to people who vacation at sea until about a decade later when the company was acquired by P&O, who at the time was the world's largest oceanic shipper with more 300 vessels in operation. Baby boomers may recall Island Princess and Pacific Princess as the ships featured in the 1970s television series, The Love Boat. P&O spun off its passenger division in 2000, and it merged with Carnival in 2003. The combined company then featured 11 different brands of cruise ship companies. Princess, Carnival, and Holland America stopped requisitioning new ships during the 2008 economic downturn but added three new 3,600 passenger ships beginning with Royal Princess in 2013 and Regal Princess which entered service in 2014. A third Fincantieri-built ship, Majestic Princess launched in 2017. The entire current fleet flies the flag of Bermuda except for Royal, Majestic, Golden, Diamond, and Sapphire Princess which ships call the UK home. Three additional Bermuda-flagged Royal Class vessels are slated for launch in 2019, 2020, and 2022. Departure points for Princess Cruises include Vancouver, Canada , Brisbane, Rozelle, and Melbourne in Australia; Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and San Francisco in the US, as well as Marina Bay, Singapore ; Rome, Italy, and Piraeus in Greece. USA Today has awarded Princess the accolade of "Best cruise lines for Gamblers" and slots fans are frequently offered high return tournaments like the $200,000 Monopoly Cruise for Cash tournament. There are tournaments on every cruise so blackjack players and slots spinners have a chance to compete against their shipmates for cash prizes. Games vary from ship to ship but most voyagers will find traditional, video, and progressive jackpot slot machines as well as video poker. Table games can include heads-up Texas Hold ‘Em poker, and casino games like Caribbean Stud Poker, Three Card Poker and Let it Ride. Blackjack, dice, roulette, and other table games are available on most ships and you can even play bingo with ticket packages ranging from $10 to $30. A fairly new "class" of ships was introduced in 2017, known as the Ocean Medallion Class. These are 'the internet of things' ships with omnichannel connectivity to guests accounts from a medallion wristband. On ships appointed with the amenity, guests have access to the PlayOcean Casino and PlayOcean Everywhere so they can play real money games anywhere on the ship. Regent Seven Seas Cruises [(RSSC) formerly Radisson SSC] was founded in 1990. It is a luxury cruise line company offering an all-inclusive experience. Regent was a sister company of Oceania Cruises . The parent company, Prestige Cruise Holdings was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Lines in 2014. Regent Seven Seas Cruises' current fleet comprises 4 ships ranging from 28,550 gross tons to 54,000 GT. The largest ship to date is Seven Seas Explorer built in 2016 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri of Sestri Ponente, Genova.  Fincantieri has also been commissioned to delivers the 55k GT Seven Seas Splendor in early 2020. All vessels are currently Bahamian-flagged. The fleet's casino ships sail out of Sydney, Australia; the Port of Miami in the US, and Kavala, Greece. In early 2017 the parent company announced that a new Port of Miami terminal was under development for completion prior to 2020. All of the casinos in the fleet share in the Norwegian Cruise Lines Casinos At Sea rewards program. The rewards program has five tiers with the top three sharing a host of benefits including cruise suite discounts and convenience fee waivers. First-tier and all other players will enjoy promotional offers, pint redemtions for free play, and the ability t transfer points from ship to ship. Second tier members also receive special birthday offers. Point redemption for free play is easy. Slots and video poker players can cash in right at the machine they are playing at any time or do as table players do and redeem points at the casino cage. Casino credit is available to all players with an existing reservation. Please make arrangements at least 30 days in advance of your voyage. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check will be required on board to activate the line. The Casino on Seven Seas Mariner sailing out of Greece is located on Deck 7. The gaming facilities are open daily when territorial border limits do not restrict operations.  Blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and slot machines are available for play. Adult Entertainment beyond the casino floor includes a show lounge in the style of a Parisian cabaret with musical productions staged by experienced Broadway pros. The Connoisseur Club is a special hideaway where fine cognac and imported cigars are enjoyed by shipmates engaging in friendly conversation while they enjoy the finer things in life. Royal Caribbean International is a Miami-based cruise line brand owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. The company was founded in Norway in 1968 and has over 20 ships in operation as well as a future fleet that will bring that number to 30. You might be wondering: "How many of the oceangoing vessels have casinos?" Good news for seafaring gamblers! Royal Caribbean has outfitted their entire current fleet with onboard casinos! Some are a little bigger than others, and some have more game variety, but they all have lots of slots and plenty of table game action. Sailing out of England? Consider booking the Navigator of the Seas ; From Barcelona, Vision; Shanghai? Quantum of the Seas ; Hong Kong, Voyager. Most of the other cruises depart from the U.S . and Puerto Rico . All of the casinos offer thousands of square feet of Vegas-style action under the lights with video slots, video poker, table games, and tournaments. Some of the table games you can expect to find on your Royal Caribbean cruise are: Single Deck Blackjack Roulette Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'Em Let It Ride Three Card Poker Blackjack with Side Bets like Lucky Ladies Walking up to a high stakes blackjack table and sitting down with a stack of chips in front of you can seem intimidating to casual players and those who may need to brush up a little on their game. Royal Caribbean has you covered! During the day, your hosts will be glad to teach you the ins and outs of any game from roulette to baccarat. Once you get your "sea legs" for the game you can join a tournament where everyone has a chance to progress to the grand finale without risking stacks of your hard earned cash along the way. If you want to win big prizes with more help from Lady Luck than your own gambling experience, try a Slot Tournament. Simply go to the Casino Cash Desk when the casino is open to enroll in a qualifying tournament. Even Beginner's Luck can help you grab a chunk of the $50,000 prize pool! This might seem crazy: Poker players can qualify for the Royal Poker Tournament throughout the year. Winners are eligible for entry into the finals with a chance to win part of the $100,000 Royal Poker Prize Pool! Don't forget, you may be eligible for a free cruise vacation for two along the way. What Else Can I Look Forward To? Visit the Royal Caribbean Casino Cruise Experience to learn more about... Casino Promotions Club Royal Events Casino Rewards Program Casino Credit Win/Loss Statements Wire Transfer Instructions If you have questions now you can contact the Casino Call Center at (888) 561-2234. Seabourn Cruise Line offers casino gaming on all five of its luxury liner cruise ships. The company was founded in 1986 in Norway. Carnival Corp began purchasing shares in 1991 and completed ownership in 2001. The company moved its Miami headquarters to Seattle, Washington in 2011 to join Holland America Line . With home ports in the U.S., Argentina, and Singapore the company's five luxury casino cruise ships are... Seabourn Ovation Seabourn Encore Seabourn Quest Seabourn Odyssey Seabourn Sojourn You might be asking yourself: Should I book a Seabourn Cruise for gambling? The answer to that is simple. It depends on what you are looking for in a casino cruise... 1) How long do I want to be on the ship? 2) How much time will I spend in the casino? 3) Do I want a Las Vegas on the seas experience? 4) Would I be happy with a few slot machines and occasional table action? 5) Can I afford a Seabourn casino cruise? We'll help you answer those questions and more by sharing some things we know about the Seabourn Difference . Seabourn offers Caribbean cruises as short as seven days. They also offer mid-length ventures and journeys up to 100 days. Shore excursions are available on some cruises. The casinos onboard the ships are all on Deck 5 near the aft deck. They are small by most land casino standards with less than two dozen slots and video poker machines and 3 or 4 gaming tables. The gaming areas are located fore of The Club and near the Club Bar. Men and women's restrooms are adjacent to the gaming areas. The gaming areas are well appointed and well kept. They simply aren't large enough to provide a Las Vegas-style experience when you aren't actually gambling. Table games include Blackjack , Roulette , and Poker . Seabourn is a luxury cruise liner... Expect to pay top price for your cruise Formal nights are optional so you could save on wardrobe costs Prices are all-inclusive so your drinks are paid for Gourmands will especially appreciate Restaurant 2 Now that you know more about gambling at sea with Seabourn, you can sign up for special offers or explore the video gallery and choose a destination in the Caribbean, Mediterranian, Asia, or plan a Transatlantic cruise ! Expect to meet others onboard who are: Older, financially secure, well-dressed. Silversea Cruises is a mid-level luxury cruise line established in 1994 by the Lefebvre family of Rome, Italy. The company is headquartered in Monaco and owned in the majority (67%) by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd . The company's current fleet comprises nine vessels. The largest and newest ship is Silver Muse at 40,700 gross tons and capacity for nearly 600 passengers. Six of the ships are over sixteen tons and three are clippers in the company's Expedition fleet. Seafaring gamblers will find casinos aboard: Silver Cloud Silver Wind Silver Shadow Silver Whisper Silver Spirit (Refurbished/expanded March 2018) Silver Muse (Launched 2017) There are no gaming facilities on the smaller expedition class ships. You might be wondering... What are the best cruises for gambling? Really, any cruise anywhere in the world under 7 days is best. Why? The longer cruises tend to attract older vacationers who go to bed early. If you like the casino all to yourself, a longer cruise may be best. All of the ships with gaming offer Blackjack, Roulette, and slots. The two newer and larger ships have roomier, more opulent casino gaming areas with plenty of action. The smallest casino is on Silversea Wind with nine gaming machines and four tables. You can click the following link to view the casino aboard Silver Shadow . True luxury at mid-class prices: All inclusive pricing makes a Silverseas cruise an easy decision. You'll find most of your cruise mates are couples and the younger more upwardly mobile families have opted for a Carnival or Royal Caribbean cruise. Enjoy: All-Inclusive experience (gratuities included in fare) Fine dining (diverse cuisine, open seating, 24 hours) Private veranda (855 of suites) Very personalized service (Butler service in every suite) Champagne, wine, and spirits (anywhere on the ship including in-suite) Entertainment Complimentary transportation (in most port towns) Spa and fitness facilities If I run out of cash can I get an advance for the casino or shore excursions? Cash advances are limited to $1,000 per voyage per suite. Onboard cash advance services incur a 2% fee. Onboard credit cannot be used in the casino. Can I gamble online? Silversea offers unlimited free Wi-Fi. There are no known restrictions on personal usage. Your suite status will determine a premium or standard Wi-Fi package. If unsure of local laws, please wait until you are 12 miles out to sea before you gambling online . Where can I find out more? You can check out the individual casino cruises by clicking a link below. Contact information is also available on the profile pages. You can also visit SILVERSEA to find exclusive offers, request a quote or brochure, or book your cruise vacation now! Victory Casino Cruises has been running out of Port Canaveral, Florida since 2011. If you are looking for a 'cruise to nowhere' this might be your best bet. The Victory I first set sail in 1972 and was refurbished before Victory launched their casino cruise. If you've ever been on a gambling ship, as opposed to a luxury cruise liner with a casino... You might ask: "I thought gambling was a monopoly in Florida. How do they do it?" Yes, most of the slots and table games are in the Seminole Tribe's Hard Rock casinos . You can find poker and a few other games like poker at Florida racetracks and jai alai frontons. Once the ship enters international waters, Florida gambling laws no longer apply. The 3-mile journey usually takes about 30 minutes - then the games are on! #1 Florida Casino Cruise? Judging by the reviews on TripAdvisor , most people are extremely satisfied with their Victory Casino Cruise experiences. Those who weren't might not have known what to expect. This is a gambling ship You'll be out to sea for 5-6 hours People smoke outside, so you might smell it You might say: "Okay, I get it. But what about the casino... is it a real casino?" Oh yeah! It's a real casino alright. There are over 600 slots so there should always be some open. On a busy cruise, they'll open up to 100 gaming tables. That puts it on par with most Downtown Las Vegas properties and quite a few on the Strip. Here's what you can play... Slots Blackjack $5-$500 - dealer stands all 17's - BJ pays 3:2 Craps Roulette EZ Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'em Mississippi Stud Three Card Poker Let It Ride Bingo Only Legal Sportsbook in Florida!!! Read on for more about the boat and what's on it... Four decks are available on the 2,137 GT, 368-foot gambling ship built at the Bellinger Shipyard, Jacksonville FL in 1972. Deck 1 - Sportsbook Lounge, Atlantic Cafe Deck 2 - High-limit slots, Table games Deck 3 - Slots atrium Deck 4 - Big Norm's Club V, Outside deck Dolphin Bar Big Norm's Club V is open 7 days a week. On weekends it turns into more of a nightclub with DJ's, internationally and locally renowned musicians. Where to learn more about Victory Casino Cruise Location Captain's Weather Blog Transportation Windstar Cruises is a luxury cruise line established in 1984. Based in Seattle, Washington the company's fleet comprises 6 yachts with capacities ranging from 148 to 310 guests. The line is owned by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Inc., whose parent company is The Anschutz Corporation. Former owners include Holland America Line . All six ships offer casino gambling . So... Other than offering luxury yachts, what sets Windstar apart? For the answer to that, let's look at the company's flagship vessel, The Wind Star . In service since 1986, the Wind Star features a spa, a Signature shop, library, veranda, watersports platform, whirlpool, pool bar, gourmet restaurant/lounge, a casino, and Windstar's Open Bridge Policy. When the weather is good... The Captain will welcome you to the bridge No reservations needed Shop with the chefs at foreign markets Sample the local fare and help pick out: produce spices herbs local treats Enjoy the next moveable feast onboard! Watersports Platform snorkeling paddle boarding swimming sailing water skiing windsurfing kayaking The Rest of the Fleet Wind Spirit (most popular casino ship) Wind Surf (the largest, formerly Club Med 1) Star Pride (formerly Seabourn Pride) Star Breeze (formerly Seabourn Breeze) Star Legend (formerly Seabourn Legend) Okay, now, some gambling details Age to Play: 21 While we're talking about age... This line is not recommended for families with children except for older teens. Very few organized activities. Sightseeing and adult socializing are key cruise features. Games: Blackjack, roulette, slots , poker The ships have a mix of gaming opportunities. Expect all on larger ships like Wind Surf. Table Minimum : $5 Slots: Multidenominational Onboard Credit: Arrange prior to departure for best success Smoking: Not allowed in the casino - only  in designated smoking areas on outside decks Learn more about what makes Windstar different Learn more about Windstar Policies - Read the FAQ Additional gambling opportunities on a Windstar Cruise If you want to take a shore excursion and include a casino night... Choose a destination or cruise with a layover to Monte Carlo ! Please keep in mind that all casinos in Monaco require men to wear a jacket and tie. Top Destinations: Asia Caribbean Costa Rica/Panama Cana Mediterranean Mexico How do I get there? Visit Windstar Cruises to find a cruise, plan your journey, look for specials, or dream about the yachts ! Seafaring gamblers in the Nordic region, especially the northern parts of the Baltic Sea, have been enjoying the gambling services of Paf on Tallink and Silja line cruises for over three decades. The Åland-based service provider's contract is up for renewal at five year periods with 2023 on the horizon fore or aft. Onboard games include popular slots, bingo, poker, table and card games, lotteries, and sports betting. Departure points for gambling cruises include Stockholm in Sweden along with Helsinki and Turku in Finland. The Baltic Princess sails out of Stockholm twice each day and offers full family entertainment and escape with a well-staffed Siljaland playroom for the kids. It's one of the newest ships on the Baltic and offers no-limit Texas Hold'em tournaments and daily live entertainment. Cruise ferry Galaxy offers 927 cabins over 12 decks, several restaurants and bars, as well as a kids zone. The onboard casino has slots, roulette, and blackjack tables. This vessel is often used for business meetings as the modern 450 conference center attracts the business class as well as weddings and family parties and gatherings. The sauna department is highly rated. The Silja Symphony departs from Stockholm and is an older ship launched in 1991. A favorite of many seeking a break, this is a unique vessel. The heart of the ship features a pedestrian streetwalk down the Promenade with top-tier restaurants, cafes, and a variety of shops on either side. The casino is located in the bow of the ship on Deck 7 where you'll find roulette, poker and slot machines. Silja Serenade Cruise Ship sails out of Helsinki and is perhaps the premier gambling ship in the fleet. There are ten classes of cabins and suites from the special cabins designed to accommodate people with special needs and those who are traveling with a pet or have allergies to the Executive Suite on Deck 11 with 75m2 of luxurious space and featuring its own sauna. Paf has recently upgraded the manual payment system in its casinos on the Tallink & Silja Line, replacing coins with tickets - adding another level of convenience and comfort for adventurers. AS Tallink Grupp services nearly 10 million passengers each year on its 14 consumer vessels. Paf also operates the casino aboard Casino Sunborn in Gibraltar , a 5-star superyacht, and the Paf Casino on Åland with more than 1,500 slot machines and 55 gaming tables in operation. Big M Gaming LLC operates two gambling cruise ships out of Little River, SC in the United States; Big "M" Casino Ship I and Big "M" Casino Ship II . The seaside of Little River is better known as Myrtle Beach. It is situated next to the South/North Carolina border and has been continuously inhabited since the first trading post was established in the 1700's. Big M offers 5-hour gambling cruises with a set-price all you can eat buffet and is very popular in the region. There are no land casinos in the state. The closest terrestrial casino is Harrah's Cherokee nearly 6 hours away in North Carolina. Due to strict gambling laws in the state, the only way to play blackjack or slots legally is to go out to sea. Gaming is only allowed after you are at least 3 miles away from shore but the ships may travel as far as 15 miles out. It takes about 45 minutes to reach international waters. The minimum age to board either ship is 21. Smoking is only allowed on the main deck casino during gaming hours. Both ships also offer smoke-free gaming decks with slot machines. Both ships offer Las Vegas-style gambling. Only Ship I has Texas Hold ’em poker. Both casinos host slots, roulette, craps, Let it Ride, 3-card poker and other specialty games. Both ships are well maintained and kept clean, although we wouldn't go so far as to refer to them as ' luxury yachts ' as the company does, they are nicely appointed and there is plenty of room to move around. The ships are rarely, if ever, out to sea at the same time so if you have a preference (outer deck smoking, prime rib or seafood buffets, etc.), it's always a good idea to call ahead or visit the website for a schedule and current prices. The water can get a bit rough any time of the year and the outings occur every month. Some people will choose to eat on the way out, others on the way back to port, and others may not eat at all. The price of the buffet is not included in boarding fees. The buffet deck is not handicap accessible but staff will gladly bring food to the main deck and set up a comfortable dining space for those who can't reach the restaurant. Sandwiches are available on the top deck throughout the cruise. BUffet prices are reasonable. Beer, wine, and well drinks are about the same price as you'll find in the town of Little River . Carnival Cruise Line offers casino gaming on over two dozen ships departing from the U.S. and other ports from Honolulu, Hawaii, and Miami, to Barcelona, Spain .  While the gaming centers may have different names from vessel to vessel, most are fairly generic capitalizing on formulas the cruise giant has developed over the years. Your Sail & Sign card also doubles as Carnival Players Club card at all of the casinos. The Ocean Players Club covers you on any Carnival Casino cruise, Ibero Cruceros, P&O Cruises, Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, Holland America, Cunard, Seabourn, and Princess Cruises. Carnival ships are family ships, so there's always a safe and healthy place for the kids to play while mom and dad head out for a little Las Vegas-style action during their escape to sea. Most Carnival casinos allow passengers 18 years of age and older to enter and play in the casinos. Common among most of the gaming decks are optional casino tournaments featuring slots, poker, and blackjack . The cost of tournaments change from time to time, ship to ship, and game to game but the payouts for winning on sheer luck can pay for the trip and more. Slots are the biggest draw with games from top developers and providers such as Aruze, Bally, and IGT. The Sphinx 3D™ by IGT gives players all the thrills they would ever expect in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. But if you want a dealer or croupier to get to know you by name you'll have to go to the table. Most of the blackjack tables have low buy-ins but if enough high rollers want a game your Carnival casino host will probably accommodate the request. You're not likely to find single-deck action but there are plenty of variations on the basic theme to keep most players happy including Face-Up 21, Fun 21, and classic blackjack. Most ships offer poker tournaments or at least a table or two for poker players. The electronic PokerPro tables might take some players a couple of minutes to get used to - just cup your hands around the display of face-down cards to see them revealed. If you're a poker junky and on a vessel with  Ocean Medallion technology, you can play 24/7 on your mobile device even if the tables floor tables are closed. Slots , bingo, and roulette are also available on some cruises. Players won't find free drinks coming around every few minutes like they do in Las Vegas, and you'll have to be at least 21 to order a partake, but Carnival offers double the comps for gameplay compared to other cruise lines. This means that your casino points add up to free beer, wine, and cocktails or even non-alcoholic drinks if you prefer. For the not-so-serious gamblers, there are also prize games - some require skill, and all require luck. Win a stack of greenbacks on the Cash Cube or try your hand at picking up pricey electronics and other prizes on a claw machine. Celebrity Cruises offer a single brand of casino experience across the fleet of gaming equipped vessels. Every Celebrity cruise ship except the Expedition has a Fortune Casino onboard. All ships offer blackjack, roulette, poker, craps, and a wide range of slot machines.  For guests on the Celebrity Solstice sailing out of Sydney, and several other cruises, baccarat (punto banco) is also available upon request. Since the casinos don't open for play until the cruise is in international waters, most gambling laws do not apply. Guests only need to be 18 years old to play, except for the Alaska Cruise which requires guests to be 21 or older.  No matter where the ship is, you need to be 21 to drink. Smoking is not allowed in any Fortunes Casino but all ships have designated outdoor smoking areas. Celebrity Cruises belongs to the International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) and adheres to council guidelines on gambling entertainment. All facilities and equipment meet regulatory standards equal to Nevada or other licensed jurisdictions for payback percentages ad internal software; abide by rules of play equal to Nevada, New Jersey or England, and all gambling operations are audited by Celebrity's internal audit department on a regular basis, among other controls. Fortunes Casino partners with MGM, so if you remember to use your player's club card you can earn comps and perks at land-based casinos while you are out at sea! All loyalty tiers can redeem points for free casino play. There are 5 tiers and players in the top 3 tiers receive anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars in free play each time they sail. There are now more than 20 perks and benefits associated with Blue Chip Club membership. Passengers will always find excellent dining and lounge options on Celebrity casino cruises as well as entertainment. Among the best-outfitted vessels for casino gaming players will find about 275 slot machines. Celebrity Millenium sailing out of Hong Kong, Infinity, Summit, and Constellation offer around 190 machines each, about a dozen mixed Las Vegas-style table games, and 1 electronic Pokermate Texas Hold 'Em table. Celebrity Reflection sailing out of Chile and Brazil, Equinox, Eclipse, Silhouette, and  Solstice each have more than a dozen tables with 2 poker tables each and baccarat upon request. All Fortune Casinos offer at least one single-deck blackjack table. Slots start at $0.01, they include reel slots and video bonus games. Video poker machines are included in the slot machines count. People who take the seas to gamble in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe know the Costa Cruises experience, or as the line is called in its native Italy, Costa Crociere. Vessels with onboard casinos include those sailing out of Marina Bay, Singapore ; Tianjin, China; Dubai, UAE; Port Louis, Mauritius; Mumbai, India and Savona, Italy . Starting out with cargo ships in 1854, the company started commercial activities from about 1924 until the first passenger services were begun in 1947 with regular services to South America. The then family-owned company eventually converted their fleet to cruising and became one of the largest operators in Europe before selling to Carnival in the year 2000. The Carnival family of companies now comprises  Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Crociere, Cunard Line, Holland America, Seabourn Cruise Lines, and Windstar Cruises with Costa accounting for about 16% of the parent company's revenue. Costa Cruises brand currently operates six casino ships and 8 vessels without gaming facilities. All sail under the Italian flag in the waters of the Caribbean, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia, and South America. None of the casino spaces are huge by international standards but all are well appointed and offer tables and slots. The Mediterranea , sailing out of Savona in Italy, offers the most slots with over 140 machines, while the Atlantica , departing from Tianjin, China offers the most table games with a count of 21. The table game selection varies by ship but you will usually find blackjack, roulette, and poker, as well as craps on some vessels. All of the vessels offer fine dining, recreation, entertainment, shopping, sport, and wellness facilities including spas. Some of the ships without casino feature 4D Cinema as part of the kids' package of family fun. Some of the amenities found on Costa Cruises Fortuna, sailing out of Port Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates include a theater, library, art gallery, cognac bar and a cigar bar. Dining ranges from casual to fine dining on all vessels with 7-Michelin starred chef's tending to your needs on some. For those who smoke and those who prefer not to be exposed, all cabins and public rooms are smoke-free. There are designated spaces on open decks for smokers and you can smoke on your private cabin balcony - and of course, in the Cigar Bar. e-cigarettes are in your cabin as well. neoClassica and neoRomantica sail out of Mumbai, India and Port Louis, Mauritius respectively and offer a good variety of gaming. Crystal Cruises is an American luxury liner with two casino outfitted ships as of 2018. Formerly owned and operated by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) with Caesars Casinos onboard, the line was sold to Genting Hong Kong in 2015. The casinos were rebranded as Resorts World casinos after Genting's other land-based casino brand. The subsidiary was also renamed to Crystal, Ltd and maintains headquarters in Los Angeles, California, and Miami, Florida. Additional luxury brands in service or under development include Crystal River Cruises, Crystal Yacht Expedition Cruises, Crystal Luxury Air and Crystal AirCruises. Crystal Cruises is currently the only division to offer full-service onboard casino amenities. Both the Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity were scheduled for major makeovers upon acquisition. In October 2017 the Symphony emerged from a multimillion-dollar renovation with luxury suites and penthouses in addition to more standard accommodations. The 50,000-ton vessel formerly accommodated 1,000 passengers but now offers more space and luxury to just 848 guests over eight decks. The new deck configuration for Serenity unveiled in November 2018. The Serenity offers 9 decks including the uppermost Sun Deck with elevator service. In addition to a large social area, vacationers will find paddle tennis courts, a sliding glass roof that can retract and let air as well as light into the Trident area, a weight room, spa, and salon. Like the Symphony, the 4,500 sq ft casino is found on the second level Tiffany Deck. Games offered include Blackjack , Roulette, Slot machines, Bingo, Mini-Baccarat, Texas Hold'em, and Three Card Poker. In addition to open floor casino space and VIP rooms, a luxury showroom and stage is fore - with an atrium, retail outlets, a Hollywood Theater, bistro, photo gallery, nightclub, connoisseur club (smoking lounge), saloon, and dance club with a stage - all aft of the casino. Look for Umi Uma & Sushi Bar on Serenity from November 2018 - Chef Nobu Matsuhisa's only Nobu at sea. All chefs have been personally trained by the master himself. Additional fine dining sees Prego bring the flavors of Italy to the Serenity. Every day dining is also available in the Crystal Dining Room with signature menus focused on two choices - one classic, the other, modern. Crystal Cove is a luxury cognac bar featuring Rémy Martin Louis XIII at the top end as well as wines, liqueurs, tequila, and grappa. The Penthouse Suites at 982 square feet (91.23 sqm) offer verandahs as do some staterooms, Other staterooms feature large picture windows. Elevator service is provided to all decks. The ships' ports of call are Philipsburg, Sint Maarten and the Port of Anchorage in Anchorage, Alaska. Cunard Line has been operated by Carnival since 1998, but the company has a rich and illustrious history dating back to 1839. Starting out with Britain's first transatlantic steamship mail contract, there are now three vessels in operation offering Northern European, Mediterranean, Transatlantic, Caribbean, and World Cruises. The fleet currently consists of the ocean liner Queen Mary 2 , and cruise ships Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria . A 4th vessel is slated for operation n 2022. There is a casino on board each Cunard ship. However, not all cruises offer gambling as the Empire Casinos do not open during voyages without foreign ports of call on the itinerary. Vessels stopping in Dublin, Cobh, St Peters Port and all foreign country ports will sail outside of UK territorial waters (12 miles/45 minutes) and the casinos will be opened while outside of the UKGC's jurisdiction. Queen Mary 2 offers Roulette, Blackjack, Three card poker, and Heads up Texas Hold'em - a house-banked casino game played against the dealer - as well as about 100 slot machines. There are 9 gaming tables in total aboard QM2. As mention, the casino opens about 45 minutes after leaving port. Once out to sea, slots machines are available for play beginning at 10am. Tables are open from 11am until 5pm, and then again from 7:30pm until close. Closing time is at the discretion of the casino manager. Queen Elizabeth offers about 45 slot machines and 5 gaming tables. Available table games include Roulette, Blackjack, Three Card Poker, and Fun 21. Queen Victoria features about 45 slots and the same mix of games spread over 5 tables as are found on Queen Elizabeth. Table limits on all ships vary from $3 - $25 minimums with maximum bets ranging from $100 - $500. Reels slots, video slots, and video poker machines are multi-denominational with 'coin' sizes ranging from a penny to $5. All machines are coinless. Deposits are accepted in notes or via cruise cards. Cashouts are done to your card. Cash and cards are accepted at the tables to purchase chips. A credit card must be registered at the front desk in order to use your cruise card for gambling. "Onboard spending money" is not accepted for chip purchases. Complimentary gaming lessons are available during the day for those who may not be familiar with the rules or practices of certain games. Glory Sea is the first cruise ship launched by Diamond Cruise International Co. The ship is a luxury liner with an ever-changing itinerary that has included short cruises sailing from China's Shanghai port 2016-2017, and a 10-month charter with roundtrip cruises from Sokcho, South Korea which began in November 2017. Some destinations included Japan and Vladivostok , Russia, Vietnam’s Ha Long Bay from China’s “Coconut City,” Haikou, along with Da Nang and Nha Trang, as well as Manila and Boracay in the Philippines. Upon launch, the onboard VIP casino was operated by Century Casinos, Inc. , which also operates casinos aboard ships owned by TUI Cruises, Thomson Cruises, and Windstar Cruises. Immediately prior to its acquisition by Diamond Cruise parent company, Suzhou Taihu International Travel Agency, the vessel was known as Celestyal Odyssey and help a slightly smaller casino on the 6th deck. After the 2016 refurbishment, the Century casino offered 16 table games with a VIP room, and 40 gaming machines. Games offered include blackjack, roulette, 3 Card Poker, Sic Bo, baccarat and video slots. Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines is owned by a Norwegian company, Bonheur and Ganger Rolf, part of the Fred. Olsen Group. Company headquarters are located in Ipswich, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom. The company was started in 1848 by three brothers who embarked on a business of international shipping. Still, a family company, five generations of Olsens have participated in the venture as well as several other sectors from shipbuilding to electronics. There are five ships in the current fleet including the Brabant, Fred Olsens's first river cruise. All of the ships offer gaming opportunities, but the voyages are not usually undertaken with a primary focus on gambling. Each vessel has two gaming tables - one for blackjack and another for roulette. Many experienced passengers report that the tables are not open on every voyage. However, gambling is an advertised service and a croupier will most likely open a table upon request if it is not already in action. Guests will need to be at least 18 years of age to play. Only cash (Pounds Sterling) is accepted at the tables and bets cannot be charged to your room account. The Oceangoing ships are Black Watch ,  Braemar, Boudicca , and Balmoral. Onboard, passengers will find restaurants and fine dining, bars and lounges, relaxation and fitness and plenty of entertainment and fun activities which vary from sailing to sailing. Be sure to ask about the Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs), a great way to explore! The Genting Hongkong is a Corosration who owns and operate one of the leading global leisure, entertainment and other businesses. One of the major businesses of Genting Hongkong are Resorts World Manila whom opened last August 29, 2009 together with three big luxurious Hotels such us Maxims Hotel, Remington Hotel and Mariott Hotel . Another Property of Genting are Star Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Line whos offering cruise shipping to over 200 destinations all over the world and with 39,000 lower berths approximately. Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. operates the Emerald Princess Casino out of Brunswick, Georgia in the United States. The departure and return location is about halfway between Savannah, GA, and Jacksonville, FL. Out to sea, are St. Simons Island, Sea Island, Jekyll Island, Little St. Simons Island. The ship is rather small at 200 feet so passengers who have issues with motion sickness may want to use an appropriate medication or another method to deal with it. Two of the ship's four decks are devoted to gambling. Smoking is allowed on both levels but never on the third level Bistro Deck. The fourth deck is an open-air observation deck. Guests must be 18 or older to board and gamble and must be at least 21 years of age to drink alcohol. Gambling opportunities are few and far between for many people in the state, so the cruise operator is highly appreciated by most. Holland America Line was founded in the late 1800s as the Netherlands-America Steamship Company. The company's first vacation cruise was offered in 1895. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA, since 1989, it is now part of Carnival Corporation . The line currently comprises about 15 ships, all with casinos onboard. One of the company's greatest legacies is their part in helping to settle America by transporting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to the New World. The fleet consists of mid-sized ships with the smallest, an 'elegant explorer', the Prinsendam slated for retirement in 2019 and new vessels being commissioned in the Pinnacle Class like the MS Koningsdam, Nieuw Statendam , and Nieuw Ryndam with 12 decks and passenger complements of 2,650. Nieuw Ryndam is expected to be brought into service before the end of 2021. Casino hours vary from ship to ship. The minimum gambling age in international waters is 18 with the exception of Alaska Cruises where guests must be 21 or older. Blackjack, roulette, three card poker, and slots are found on most ships. Craps are available on some ships. The casinos are all well arranged and well maintained. Roulette can be found with $1 minimums in some cases, otherwise, most table games start at $5. Slots denominations range from a penny to $5 machines, Be sure to check the video poker paytables before getting too carried away. Depending on the cruise, bingo prizes can range from $2,000 to $100,000. All feature slots and blackjack tournaments. Whether you are sailing out of a US eastern or western port, Kowloon , Saint George's or Sydney , HAL offers a great gaming experience along with a stately cruise full of entertainment possibilities. Restaurants and fine dining, nightly entertainment, bars and lounges, diverse onboard activities like cooking workshops, wine tasting, and BBC Earth Experiences on board are just the tip of the mountain of fun that awaits on a Holland America Line cruise anywhere in the world. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD. was first known as Norwegian Caribbean Line when launched in 1966. Through a series of mergers, decouplings, acquisitions and investments the NYSE-listed company based in Florida is now owned in the minority by private equity companies as well as Genting Group which holds an 11.1% stake. The NCL holding company also owns Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises through a 2014 acquisition of parent company, Prestige Cruises International, Inc. Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL) offers informal casino cruises with no structured time for meals and some other activities and no need to dress formally at mealtime. For family travelers, Norwegian Escape, Breakaway, Getaway, and Epic offer the most 'kid friendly' cruises. All 15 of the ships, including Pride of America, the only US-flagged vessel in the fleet, offer gambling once the ships leave territorial waters. Game variety varies from ship to ship but a sampling of available games includes slots, blackjack and 21 variants, craps, roulette, three card poker, let it ride, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, baccarat, Pai Gow poker, and Texas Hold'em poker. Some of the blackjack variants include a Lucky Ladies side bet with a $5,000 jackpot. Lucky Ladies is available on all ships. All ships except Epic, Breakaway, and Getaway offer a Wheel of Madness side bet on the game. The optional bet can range from $1 to $10. When a player with a stake on the wheel is dealt a natural Blackjack they'll get a spin on the wheel to determine their side bet multiplier. The top prize is $5,000. For those who enjoy sailing on small city-size ships, Norwegian has added a third vessel to its Breakaway-Plus series with the launch of the 168,028-ton, 1,082-foot-long,  20-deck, 4,004 passenger Norwegian Bliss in 2018. She joins Escape and Joy in the class. Those ships launched in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cruise line is very popular and consistently adds to its fleet. There are 7 new additions to the fleet slated for release between 2019 and 2027. The five most recent debuts include Norwegian Bliss (2018), Joy (2017) Escape (2015), Getaway (2014), and Breakaway (2013). So far, Norwegian Bliss is the most innovative casino ship in the fleet with over 300 pokies (slots and video poker) and 25 gaming tables. Across the fleet, poker players register well ahead of time for the Norwegian Cruise Line Poker Challenge (NCLPC). The field is expected to surpass 400 participants soon. Oceania Cruises launched their first ship in 2002 and currently has a fleet of six ships. All of them offer gambling facilities. Founded by a team of cruise industry veterans, the company was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD in 2014 along with a sister company, Regent Seven Seas Cruises . Norwegian (NCL) is headquartered in Florida. All of Oceania's vessels fly the flag of the Marshall Islands. There are 4 ships in the Regatta class, all were built in 1998, 1999, or 2000. The MS Regatta was launched in 2003 and last refurbished in 2014. The most recent launch in the class was the 30,277 ton, 343 cabin, MS Sirena . The former Ocean Princess underwent a $40 million refurbishment in France and launched in 2016. Two brand new Oceania class ships were commissioned from Italian builder Fincantieri and are the first two new builds for the company. MS Marina , at 66,084 tons can hold 1,250 passengers and 580 of the 625 suites and cabins have private verandas. Marina launched in 2011. Her sister ship, which launched in 2012, is the MS Riviera . Two-week-long cruises are the norm for Oceania but they are most well known for much longer tours such as "Around the World in 180 Days" voyages and others lasting up to 195 days. The 6-month world cruises began in 2015. Bookings for the 180-Day World Cruises are taken up to two years in advance. The casinos are rather small in relation to the overall ship size on some vessels, mainly due to the extended times at sea. However, they are also a favorite attraction of many oceanfarers. The gambling spaces are well designed and stylish and offer table limits for all levels of players. The gaming machines include reel and video slots and video poker machines. Key card wagering makes the slots cashless. Casino credit is available to qualified guests and should be arranged one-month prior to departure. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check is required when you board the vessel in order to activate a credit line. All gaming is in USD and Euros can be exchanged on board. All play is tracked and rewarded through the Casinos at Sea rewards program which has 5 tiers. Points can be transfered from ship to ship and slot players can redeem rewards at any time onscreen while playing any game. P&O Cruises is the oldest cruise line in the world. The original company was founded in 1837 and the first passenger cruises from Southampton were offered in 1844. A series of de-mergers and mergers beginning in 2000 culminated in a merger with Carnival Corporation in 2003. The company operates seven cruise ships including Britannia which launched in early 2015. Two more large vessels are planned for launch in 2020 and 2020. All ships offer casino gaming once entering international waters. Table games, slot machines, bingo, scratch cards, and video horse racing are all offered. Roulette, blackjack, and three card poker are offered on all ships. Three of the casinos also offer Fun 21. If you don't see the game when aboard the Arcadia and there is an empty blackjack table, ask your host to flip the table as the Fun 21 felt is just underneath. Purchase your chips from the dealer with cash or your cruise card. All winnings are cashed out onto your cruise card. Slot machines all operate on a coinless system. To play, simply insert your cruise card or cash notes. Bingo offers five cash prizes each full day out to sea. There's also a jackpot that grows with nearly every game and must be won by the conclusion of the cruise. Scratch cards have prizes up to £20,000 and can be purchased at the casino desk. Video horse racing is presented on big screens. Arcadia features 4 tables and a variety of slots on the F deck. Aurora's casino is located on the Prom deck and features 4 tables and slots. Head to the F deck on Azura to find five tables offering three card poker, blackjack, roulette x2, and Fun 21. The casino on Britannia is deck 6 with 2 tables each offering blackjack, roulette, and three card poker. Oceana has five tables on D deck - Oriana offers 23 tables on the Prom deck, and there are five tables on F deck of Ventura. On sea days slots are open on all ships from 10 am until late with tables opening at noon. On port days, gaming doesn't start until the ship reaches international waters, which usually takes about 45 minutes. Opening times can vary by jurisdiction, but the demarcation point is usually 12 miles outside of port limits. Be sure to cash in your chips before leaving the ship. If you happen to forget, you can bring them along for your next voyage but may meet delays while the chips are authenticated. Princess Cruises launched their first Mexican Riviera cruise in 1965 but didn't become a household name known to people who vacation at sea until about a decade later when the company was acquired by P&O, who at the time was the world's largest oceanic shipper with more 300 vessels in operation. Baby boomers may recall Island Princess and Pacific Princess as the ships featured in the 1970s television series, The Love Boat. P&O spun off its passenger division in 2000, and it merged with Carnival in 2003. The combined company then featured 11 different brands of cruise ship companies. Princess, Carnival, and Holland America stopped requisitioning new ships during the 2008 economic downturn but added three new 3,600 passenger ships beginning with Royal Princess in 2013 and Regal Princess which entered service in 2014. A third Fincantieri-built ship, Majestic Princess launched in 2017. The entire current fleet flies the flag of Bermuda except for Royal, Majestic, Golden, Diamond, and Sapphire Princess which ships call the UK home. Three additional Bermuda-flagged Royal Class vessels are slated for launch in 2019, 2020, and 2022. Departure points for Princess Cruises include Vancouver, Canada , Brisbane, Rozelle, and Melbourne in Australia; Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and San Francisco in the US, as well as Marina Bay, Singapore ; Rome, Italy, and Piraeus in Greece. USA Today has awarded Princess the accolade of "Best cruise lines for Gamblers" and slots fans are frequently offered high return tournaments like the $200,000 Monopoly Cruise for Cash tournament. There are tournaments on every cruise so blackjack players and slots spinners have a chance to compete against their shipmates for cash prizes. Games vary from ship to ship but most voyagers will find traditional, video, and progressive jackpot slot machines as well as video poker. Table games can include heads-up Texas Hold ‘Em poker, and casino games like Caribbean Stud Poker, Three Card Poker and Let it Ride. Blackjack, dice, roulette, and other table games are available on most ships and you can even play bingo with ticket packages ranging from $10 to $30. A fairly new "class" of ships was introduced in 2017, known as the Ocean Medallion Class. These are 'the internet of things' ships with omnichannel connectivity to guests accounts from a medallion wristband. On ships appointed with the amenity, guests have access to the PlayOcean Casino and PlayOcean Everywhere so they can play real money games anywhere on the ship. Regent Seven Seas Cruises [(RSSC) formerly Radisson SSC] was founded in 1990. It is a luxury cruise line company offering an all-inclusive experience. Regent was a sister company of Oceania Cruises . The parent company, Prestige Cruise Holdings was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Lines in 2014. Regent Seven Seas Cruises' current fleet comprises 4 ships ranging from 28,550 gross tons to 54,000 GT. The largest ship to date is Seven Seas Explorer built in 2016 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri of Sestri Ponente, Genova.  Fincantieri has also been commissioned to delivers the 55k GT Seven Seas Splendor in early 2020. All vessels are currently Bahamian-flagged. The fleet's casino ships sail out of Sydney, Australia; the Port of Miami in the US, and Kavala, Greece. In early 2017 the parent company announced that a new Port of Miami terminal was under development for completion prior to 2020. All of the casinos in the fleet share in the Norwegian Cruise Lines Casinos At Sea rewards program. The rewards program has five tiers with the top three sharing a host of benefits including cruise suite discounts and convenience fee waivers. First-tier and all other players will enjoy promotional offers, pint redemtions for free play, and the ability t transfer points from ship to ship. Second tier members also receive special birthday offers. Point redemption for free play is easy. Slots and video poker players can cash in right at the machine they are playing at any time or do as table players do and redeem points at the casino cage. Casino credit is available to all players with an existing reservation. Please make arrangements at least 30 days in advance of your voyage. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check will be required on board to activate the line. The Casino on Seven Seas Mariner sailing out of Greece is located on Deck 7. The gaming facilities are open daily when territorial border limits do not restrict operations.  Blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and slot machines are available for play. Adult Entertainment beyond the casino floor includes a show lounge in the style of a Parisian cabaret with musical productions staged by experienced Broadway pros. The Connoisseur Club is a special hideaway where fine cognac and imported cigars are enjoyed by shipmates engaging in friendly conversation while they enjoy the finer things in life. Royal Caribbean International is a Miami-based cruise line brand owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. The company was founded in Norway in 1968 and has over 20 ships in operation as well as a future fleet that will bring that number to 30. You might be wondering: "How many of the oceangoing vessels have casinos?" Good news for seafaring gamblers! Royal Caribbean has outfitted their entire current fleet with onboard casinos! Some are a little bigger than others, and some have more game variety, but they all have lots of slots and plenty of table game action. Sailing out of England? Consider booking the Navigator of the Seas ; From Barcelona, Vision; Shanghai? Quantum of the Seas ; Hong Kong, Voyager. Most of the other cruises depart from the U.S . and Puerto Rico . All of the casinos offer thousands of square feet of Vegas-style action under the lights with video slots, video poker, table games, and tournaments. Some of the table games you can expect to find on your Royal Caribbean cruise are: Single Deck Blackjack Roulette Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'Em Let It Ride Three Card Poker Blackjack with Side Bets like Lucky Ladies Walking up to a high stakes blackjack table and sitting down with a stack of chips in front of you can seem intimidating to casual players and those who may need to brush up a little on their game. Royal Caribbean has you covered! During the day, your hosts will be glad to teach you the ins and outs of any game from roulette to baccarat. Once you get your "sea legs" for the game you can join a tournament where everyone has a chance to progress to the grand finale without risking stacks of your hard earned cash along the way. If you want to win big prizes with more help from Lady Luck than your own gambling experience, try a Slot Tournament. Simply go to the Casino Cash Desk when the casino is open to enroll in a qualifying tournament. Even Beginner's Luck can help you grab a chunk of the $50,000 prize pool! This might seem crazy: Poker players can qualify for the Royal Poker Tournament throughout the year. Winners are eligible for entry into the finals with a chance to win part of the $100,000 Royal Poker Prize Pool! Don't forget, you may be eligible for a free cruise vacation for two along the way. What Else Can I Look Forward To? Visit the Royal Caribbean Casino Cruise Experience to learn more about... Casino Promotions Club Royal Events Casino Rewards Program Casino Credit Win/Loss Statements Wire Transfer Instructions If you have questions now you can contact the Casino Call Center at (888) 561-2234. Seabourn Cruise Line offers casino gaming on all five of its luxury liner cruise ships. The company was founded in 1986 in Norway. Carnival Corp began purchasing shares in 1991 and completed ownership in 2001. The company moved its Miami headquarters to Seattle, Washington in 2011 to join Holland America Line . With home ports in the U.S., Argentina, and Singapore the company's five luxury casino cruise ships are... Seabourn Ovation Seabourn Encore Seabourn Quest Seabourn Odyssey Seabourn Sojourn You might be asking yourself: Should I book a Seabourn Cruise for gambling? The answer to that is simple. It depends on what you are looking for in a casino cruise... 1) How long do I want to be on the ship? 2) How much time will I spend in the casino? 3) Do I want a Las Vegas on the seas experience? 4) Would I be happy with a few slot machines and occasional table action? 5) Can I afford a Seabourn casino cruise? We'll help you answer those questions and more by sharing some things we know about the Seabourn Difference . Seabourn offers Caribbean cruises as short as seven days. They also offer mid-length ventures and journeys up to 100 days. Shore excursions are available on some cruises. The casinos onboard the ships are all on Deck 5 near the aft deck. They are small by most land casino standards with less than two dozen slots and video poker machines and 3 or 4 gaming tables. The gaming areas are located fore of The Club and near the Club Bar. Men and women's restrooms are adjacent to the gaming areas. The gaming areas are well appointed and well kept. They simply aren't large enough to provide a Las Vegas-style experience when you aren't actually gambling. Table games include Blackjack , Roulette , and Poker . Seabourn is a luxury cruise liner... Expect to pay top price for your cruise Formal nights are optional so you could save on wardrobe costs Prices are all-inclusive so your drinks are paid for Gourmands will especially appreciate Restaurant 2 Now that you know more about gambling at sea with Seabourn, you can sign up for special offers or explore the video gallery and choose a destination in the Caribbean, Mediterranian, Asia, or plan a Transatlantic cruise ! Expect to meet others onboard who are: Older, financially secure, well-dressed. Silversea Cruises is a mid-level luxury cruise line established in 1994 by the Lefebvre family of Rome, Italy. The company is headquartered in Monaco and owned in the majority (67%) by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd . The company's current fleet comprises nine vessels. The largest and newest ship is Silver Muse at 40,700 gross tons and capacity for nearly 600 passengers. Six of the ships are over sixteen tons and three are clippers in the company's Expedition fleet. Seafaring gamblers will find casinos aboard: Silver Cloud Silver Wind Silver Shadow Silver Whisper Silver Spirit (Refurbished/expanded March 2018) Silver Muse (Launched 2017) There are no gaming facilities on the smaller expedition class ships. You might be wondering... What are the best cruises for gambling? Really, any cruise anywhere in the world under 7 days is best. Why? The longer cruises tend to attract older vacationers who go to bed early. If you like the casino all to yourself, a longer cruise may be best. All of the ships with gaming offer Blackjack, Roulette, and slots. The two newer and larger ships have roomier, more opulent casino gaming areas with plenty of action. The smallest casino is on Silversea Wind with nine gaming machines and four tables. You can click the following link to view the casino aboard Silver Shadow . True luxury at mid-class prices: All inclusive pricing makes a Silverseas cruise an easy decision. You'll find most of your cruise mates are couples and the younger more upwardly mobile families have opted for a Carnival or Royal Caribbean cruise. Enjoy: All-Inclusive experience (gratuities included in fare) Fine dining (diverse cuisine, open seating, 24 hours) Private veranda (855 of suites) Very personalized service (Butler service in every suite) Champagne, wine, and spirits (anywhere on the ship including in-suite) Entertainment Complimentary transportation (in most port towns) Spa and fitness facilities If I run out of cash can I get an advance for the casino or shore excursions? Cash advances are limited to $1,000 per voyage per suite. Onboard cash advance services incur a 2% fee. Onboard credit cannot be used in the casino. Can I gamble online? Silversea offers unlimited free Wi-Fi. There are no known restrictions on personal usage. Your suite status will determine a premium or standard Wi-Fi package. If unsure of local laws, please wait until you are 12 miles out to sea before you gambling online . Where can I find out more? You can check out the individual casino cruises by clicking a link below. Contact information is also available on the profile pages. You can also visit SILVERSEA to find exclusive offers, request a quote or brochure, or book your cruise vacation now! Victory Casino Cruises has been running out of Port Canaveral, Florida since 2011. If you are looking for a 'cruise to nowhere' this might be your best bet. The Victory I first set sail in 1972 and was refurbished before Victory launched their casino cruise. If you've ever been on a gambling ship, as opposed to a luxury cruise liner with a casino... You might ask: "I thought gambling was a monopoly in Florida. How do they do it?" Yes, most of the slots and table games are in the Seminole Tribe's Hard Rock casinos . You can find poker and a few other games like poker at Florida racetracks and jai alai frontons. Once the ship enters international waters, Florida gambling laws no longer apply. The 3-mile journey usually takes about 30 minutes - then the games are on! #1 Florida Casino Cruise? Judging by the reviews on TripAdvisor , most people are extremely satisfied with their Victory Casino Cruise experiences. Those who weren't might not have known what to expect. This is a gambling ship You'll be out to sea for 5-6 hours People smoke outside, so you might smell it You might say: "Okay, I get it. But what about the casino... is it a real casino?" Oh yeah! It's a real casino alright. There are over 600 slots so there should always be some open. On a busy cruise, they'll open up to 100 gaming tables. That puts it on par with most Downtown Las Vegas properties and quite a few on the Strip. Here's what you can play... Slots Blackjack $5-$500 - dealer stands all 17's - BJ pays 3:2 Craps Roulette EZ Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'em Mississippi Stud Three Card Poker Let It Ride Bingo Only Legal Sportsbook in Florida!!! Read on for more about the boat and what's on it... Four decks are available on the 2,137 GT, 368-foot gambling ship built at the Bellinger Shipyard, Jacksonville FL in 1972. Deck 1 - Sportsbook Lounge, Atlantic Cafe Deck 2 - High-limit slots, Table games Deck 3 - Slots atrium Deck 4 - Big Norm's Club V, Outside deck Dolphin Bar Big Norm's Club V is open 7 days a week. On weekends it turns into more of a nightclub with DJ's, internationally and locally renowned musicians. Where to learn more about Victory Casino Cruise Location Captain's Weather Blog Transportation Windstar Cruises is a luxury cruise line established in 1984. Based in Seattle, Washington the company's fleet comprises 6 yachts with capacities ranging from 148 to 310 guests. The line is owned by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Inc., whose parent company is The Anschutz Corporation. Former owners include Holland America Line . All six ships offer casino gambling . So... Other than offering luxury yachts, what sets Windstar apart? For the answer to that, let's look at the company's flagship vessel, The Wind Star . In service since 1986, the Wind Star features a spa, a Signature shop, library, veranda, watersports platform, whirlpool, pool bar, gourmet restaurant/lounge, a casino, and Windstar's Open Bridge Policy. When the weather is good... The Captain will welcome you to the bridge No reservations needed Shop with the chefs at foreign markets Sample the local fare and help pick out: produce spices herbs local treats Enjoy the next moveable feast onboard! Watersports Platform snorkeling paddle boarding swimming sailing water skiing windsurfing kayaking The Rest of the Fleet Wind Spirit (most popular casino ship) Wind Surf (the largest, formerly Club Med 1) Star Pride (formerly Seabourn Pride) Star Breeze (formerly Seabourn Breeze) Star Legend (formerly Seabourn Legend) Okay, now, some gambling details Age to Play: 21 While we're talking about age... This line is not recommended for families with children except for older teens. Very few organized activities. Sightseeing and adult socializing are key cruise features. Games: Blackjack, roulette, slots , poker The ships have a mix of gaming opportunities. Expect all on larger ships like Wind Surf. Table Minimum : $5 Slots: Multidenominational Onboard Credit: Arrange prior to departure for best success Smoking: Not allowed in the casino - only  in designated smoking areas on outside decks Learn more about what makes Windstar different Learn more about Windstar Policies - Read the FAQ Additional gambling opportunities on a Windstar Cruise If you want to take a shore excursion and include a casino night... Choose a destination or cruise with a layover to Monte Carlo ! Please keep in mind that all casinos in Monaco require men to wear a jacket and tie. Top Destinations: Asia Caribbean Costa Rica/Panama Cana Mediterranean Mexico How do I get there? Visit Windstar Cruises to find a cruise, plan your journey, look for specials, or dream about the yachts ! Seafaring gamblers in the Nordic region, especially the northern parts of the Baltic Sea, have been enjoying the gambling services of Paf on Tallink and Silja line cruises for over three decades. The Åland-based service provider's contract is up for renewal at five year periods with 2023 on the horizon fore or aft. Onboard games include popular slots, bingo, poker, table and card games, lotteries, and sports betting. Departure points for gambling cruises include Stockholm in Sweden along with Helsinki and Turku in Finland. The Baltic Princess sails out of Stockholm twice each day and offers full family entertainment and escape with a well-staffed Siljaland playroom for the kids. It's one of the newest ships on the Baltic and offers no-limit Texas Hold'em tournaments and daily live entertainment. Cruise ferry Galaxy offers 927 cabins over 12 decks, several restaurants and bars, as well as a kids zone. The onboard casino has slots, roulette, and blackjack tables. This vessel is often used for business meetings as the modern 450 conference center attracts the business class as well as weddings and family parties and gatherings. The sauna department is highly rated. The Silja Symphony departs from Stockholm and is an older ship launched in 1991. A favorite of many seeking a break, this is a unique vessel. The heart of the ship features a pedestrian streetwalk down the Promenade with top-tier restaurants, cafes, and a variety of shops on either side. The casino is located in the bow of the ship on Deck 7 where you'll find roulette, poker and slot machines. Silja Serenade Cruise Ship sails out of Helsinki and is perhaps the premier gambling ship in the fleet. There are ten classes of cabins and suites from the special cabins designed to accommodate people with special needs and those who are traveling with a pet or have allergies to the Executive Suite on Deck 11 with 75m2 of luxurious space and featuring its own sauna. Paf has recently upgraded the manual payment system in its casinos on the Tallink & Silja Line, replacing coins with tickets - adding another level of convenience and comfort for adventurers. AS Tallink Grupp services nearly 10 million passengers each year on its 14 consumer vessels. Paf also operates the casino aboard Casino Sunborn in Gibraltar , a 5-star superyacht, and the Paf Casino on Åland with more than 1,500 slot machines and 55 gaming tables in operation. Big M Gaming LLC operates two gambling cruise ships out of Little River, SC in the United States; Big "M" Casino Ship I and Big "M" Casino Ship II . The seaside of Little River is better known as Myrtle Beach. It is situated next to the South/North Carolina border and has been continuously inhabited since the first trading post was established in the 1700's. Big M offers 5-hour gambling cruises with a set-price all you can eat buffet and is very popular in the region. There are no land casinos in the state. The closest terrestrial casino is Harrah's Cherokee nearly 6 hours away in North Carolina. Due to strict gambling laws in the state, the only way to play blackjack or slots legally is to go out to sea. Gaming is only allowed after you are at least 3 miles away from shore but the ships may travel as far as 15 miles out. It takes about 45 minutes to reach international waters. The minimum age to board either ship is 21. Smoking is only allowed on the main deck casino during gaming hours. Both ships also offer smoke-free gaming decks with slot machines. Both ships offer Las Vegas-style gambling. Only Ship I has Texas Hold ’em poker. Both casinos host slots, roulette, craps, Let it Ride, 3-card poker and other specialty games. Both ships are well maintained and kept clean, although we wouldn't go so far as to refer to them as ' luxury yachts ' as the company does, they are nicely appointed and there is plenty of room to move around. The ships are rarely, if ever, out to sea at the same time so if you have a preference (outer deck smoking, prime rib or seafood buffets, etc.), it's always a good idea to call ahead or visit the website for a schedule and current prices. The water can get a bit rough any time of the year and the outings occur every month. Some people will choose to eat on the way out, others on the way back to port, and others may not eat at all. The price of the buffet is not included in boarding fees. The buffet deck is not handicap accessible but staff will gladly bring food to the main deck and set up a comfortable dining space for those who can't reach the restaurant. Sandwiches are available on the top deck throughout the cruise. BUffet prices are reasonable. Beer, wine, and well drinks are about the same price as you'll find in the town of Little River . Carnival Cruise Line offers casino gaming on over two dozen ships departing from the U.S. and other ports from Honolulu, Hawaii, and Miami, to Barcelona, Spain .  While the gaming centers may have different names from vessel to vessel, most are fairly generic capitalizing on formulas the cruise giant has developed over the years. Your Sail & Sign card also doubles as Carnival Players Club card at all of the casinos. The Ocean Players Club covers you on any Carnival Casino cruise, Ibero Cruceros, P&O Cruises, Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, Holland America, Cunard, Seabourn, and Princess Cruises. Carnival ships are family ships, so there's always a safe and healthy place for the kids to play while mom and dad head out for a little Las Vegas-style action during their escape to sea. Most Carnival casinos allow passengers 18 years of age and older to enter and play in the casinos. Common among most of the gaming decks are optional casino tournaments featuring slots, poker, and blackjack . The cost of tournaments change from time to time, ship to ship, and game to game but the payouts for winning on sheer luck can pay for the trip and more. Slots are the biggest draw with games from top developers and providers such as Aruze, Bally, and IGT. The Sphinx 3D™ by IGT gives players all the thrills they would ever expect in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. But if you want a dealer or croupier to get to know you by name you'll have to go to the table. Most of the blackjack tables have low buy-ins but if enough high rollers want a game your Carnival casino host will probably accommodate the request. You're not likely to find single-deck action but there are plenty of variations on the basic theme to keep most players happy including Face-Up 21, Fun 21, and classic blackjack. Most ships offer poker tournaments or at least a table or two for poker players. The electronic PokerPro tables might take some players a couple of minutes to get used to - just cup your hands around the display of face-down cards to see them revealed. If you're a poker junky and on a vessel with  Ocean Medallion technology, you can play 24/7 on your mobile device even if the tables floor tables are closed. Slots , bingo, and roulette are also available on some cruises. Players won't find free drinks coming around every few minutes like they do in Las Vegas, and you'll have to be at least 21 to order a partake, but Carnival offers double the comps for gameplay compared to other cruise lines. This means that your casino points add up to free beer, wine, and cocktails or even non-alcoholic drinks if you prefer. For the not-so-serious gamblers, there are also prize games - some require skill, and all require luck. Win a stack of greenbacks on the Cash Cube or try your hand at picking up pricey electronics and other prizes on a claw machine. Celebrity Cruises offer a single brand of casino experience across the fleet of gaming equipped vessels. Every Celebrity cruise ship except the Expedition has a Fortune Casino onboard. All ships offer blackjack, roulette, poker, craps, and a wide range of slot machines.  For guests on the Celebrity Solstice sailing out of Sydney, and several other cruises, baccarat (punto banco) is also available upon request. Since the casinos don't open for play until the cruise is in international waters, most gambling laws do not apply. Guests only need to be 18 years old to play, except for the Alaska Cruise which requires guests to be 21 or older.  No matter where the ship is, you need to be 21 to drink. Smoking is not allowed in any Fortunes Casino but all ships have designated outdoor smoking areas. Celebrity Cruises belongs to the International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) and adheres to council guidelines on gambling entertainment. All facilities and equipment meet regulatory standards equal to Nevada or other licensed jurisdictions for payback percentages ad internal software; abide by rules of play equal to Nevada, New Jersey or England, and all gambling operations are audited by Celebrity's internal audit department on a regular basis, among other controls. Fortunes Casino partners with MGM, so if you remember to use your player's club card you can earn comps and perks at land-based casinos while you are out at sea! All loyalty tiers can redeem points for free casino play. There are 5 tiers and players in the top 3 tiers receive anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars in free play each time they sail. There are now more than 20 perks and benefits associated with Blue Chip Club membership. Passengers will always find excellent dining and lounge options on Celebrity casino cruises as well as entertainment. Among the best-outfitted vessels for casino gaming players will find about 275 slot machines. Celebrity Millenium sailing out of Hong Kong, Infinity, Summit, and Constellation offer around 190 machines each, about a dozen mixed Las Vegas-style table games, and 1 electronic Pokermate Texas Hold 'Em table. Celebrity Reflection sailing out of Chile and Brazil, Equinox, Eclipse, Silhouette, and  Solstice each have more than a dozen tables with 2 poker tables each and baccarat upon request. All Fortune Casinos offer at least one single-deck blackjack table. Slots start at $0.01, they include reel slots and video bonus games. Video poker machines are included in the slot machines count. People who take the seas to gamble in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe know the Costa Cruises experience, or as the line is called in its native Italy, Costa Crociere. Vessels with onboard casinos include those sailing out of Marina Bay, Singapore ; Tianjin, China; Dubai, UAE; Port Louis, Mauritius; Mumbai, India and Savona, Italy . Starting out with cargo ships in 1854, the company started commercial activities from about 1924 until the first passenger services were begun in 1947 with regular services to South America. The then family-owned company eventually converted their fleet to cruising and became one of the largest operators in Europe before selling to Carnival in the year 2000. The Carnival family of companies now comprises  Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Crociere, Cunard Line, Holland America, Seabourn Cruise Lines, and Windstar Cruises with Costa accounting for about 16% of the parent company's revenue. Costa Cruises brand currently operates six casino ships and 8 vessels without gaming facilities. All sail under the Italian flag in the waters of the Caribbean, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia, and South America. None of the casino spaces are huge by international standards but all are well appointed and offer tables and slots. The Mediterranea , sailing out of Savona in Italy, offers the most slots with over 140 machines, while the Atlantica , departing from Tianjin, China offers the most table games with a count of 21. The table game selection varies by ship but you will usually find blackjack, roulette, and poker, as well as craps on some vessels. All of the vessels offer fine dining, recreation, entertainment, shopping, sport, and wellness facilities including spas. Some of the ships without casino feature 4D Cinema as part of the kids' package of family fun. Some of the amenities found on Costa Cruises Fortuna, sailing out of Port Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates include a theater, library, art gallery, cognac bar and a cigar bar. Dining ranges from casual to fine dining on all vessels with 7-Michelin starred chef's tending to your needs on some. For those who smoke and those who prefer not to be exposed, all cabins and public rooms are smoke-free. There are designated spaces on open decks for smokers and you can smoke on your private cabin balcony - and of course, in the Cigar Bar. e-cigarettes are in your cabin as well. neoClassica and neoRomantica sail out of Mumbai, India and Port Louis, Mauritius respectively and offer a good variety of gaming. Crystal Cruises is an American luxury liner with two casino outfitted ships as of 2018. Formerly owned and operated by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) with Caesars Casinos onboard, the line was sold to Genting Hong Kong in 2015. The casinos were rebranded as Resorts World casinos after Genting's other land-based casino brand. The subsidiary was also renamed to Crystal, Ltd and maintains headquarters in Los Angeles, California, and Miami, Florida. Additional luxury brands in service or under development include Crystal River Cruises, Crystal Yacht Expedition Cruises, Crystal Luxury Air and Crystal AirCruises. Crystal Cruises is currently the only division to offer full-service onboard casino amenities. Both the Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity were scheduled for major makeovers upon acquisition. In October 2017 the Symphony emerged from a multimillion-dollar renovation with luxury suites and penthouses in addition to more standard accommodations. The 50,000-ton vessel formerly accommodated 1,000 passengers but now offers more space and luxury to just 848 guests over eight decks. The new deck configuration for Serenity unveiled in November 2018. The Serenity offers 9 decks including the uppermost Sun Deck with elevator service. In addition to a large social area, vacationers will find paddle tennis courts, a sliding glass roof that can retract and let air as well as light into the Trident area, a weight room, spa, and salon. Like the Symphony, the 4,500 sq ft casino is found on the second level Tiffany Deck. Games offered include Blackjack , Roulette, Slot machines, Bingo, Mini-Baccarat, Texas Hold'em, and Three Card Poker. In addition to open floor casino space and VIP rooms, a luxury showroom and stage is fore - with an atrium, retail outlets, a Hollywood Theater, bistro, photo gallery, nightclub, connoisseur club (smoking lounge), saloon, and dance club with a stage - all aft of the casino. Look for Umi Uma & Sushi Bar on Serenity from November 2018 - Chef Nobu Matsuhisa's only Nobu at sea. All chefs have been personally trained by the master himself. Additional fine dining sees Prego bring the flavors of Italy to the Serenity. Every day dining is also available in the Crystal Dining Room with signature menus focused on two choices - one classic, the other, modern. Crystal Cove is a luxury cognac bar featuring Rémy Martin Louis XIII at the top end as well as wines, liqueurs, tequila, and grappa. The Penthouse Suites at 982 square feet (91.23 sqm) offer verandahs as do some staterooms, Other staterooms feature large picture windows. Elevator service is provided to all decks. The ships' ports of call are Philipsburg, Sint Maarten and the Port of Anchorage in Anchorage, Alaska. Cunard Line has been operated by Carnival since 1998, but the company has a rich and illustrious history dating back to 1839. Starting out with Britain's first transatlantic steamship mail contract, there are now three vessels in operation offering Northern European, Mediterranean, Transatlantic, Caribbean, and World Cruises. The fleet currently consists of the ocean liner Queen Mary 2 , and cruise ships Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria . A 4th vessel is slated for operation n 2022. There is a casino on board each Cunard ship. However, not all cruises offer gambling as the Empire Casinos do not open during voyages without foreign ports of call on the itinerary. Vessels stopping in Dublin, Cobh, St Peters Port and all foreign country ports will sail outside of UK territorial waters (12 miles/45 minutes) and the casinos will be opened while outside of the UKGC's jurisdiction. Queen Mary 2 offers Roulette, Blackjack, Three card poker, and Heads up Texas Hold'em - a house-banked casino game played against the dealer - as well as about 100 slot machines. There are 9 gaming tables in total aboard QM2. As mention, the casino opens about 45 minutes after leaving port. Once out to sea, slots machines are available for play beginning at 10am. Tables are open from 11am until 5pm, and then again from 7:30pm until close. Closing time is at the discretion of the casino manager. Queen Elizabeth offers about 45 slot machines and 5 gaming tables. Available table games include Roulette, Blackjack, Three Card Poker, and Fun 21. Queen Victoria features about 45 slots and the same mix of games spread over 5 tables as are found on Queen Elizabeth. Table limits on all ships vary from $3 - $25 minimums with maximum bets ranging from $100 - $500. Reels slots, video slots, and video poker machines are multi-denominational with 'coin' sizes ranging from a penny to $5. All machines are coinless. Deposits are accepted in notes or via cruise cards. Cashouts are done to your card. Cash and cards are accepted at the tables to purchase chips. A credit card must be registered at the front desk in order to use your cruise card for gambling. "Onboard spending money" is not accepted for chip purchases. Complimentary gaming lessons are available during the day for those who may not be familiar with the rules or practices of certain games. Glory Sea is the first cruise ship launched by Diamond Cruise International Co. The ship is a luxury liner with an ever-changing itinerary that has included short cruises sailing from China's Shanghai port 2016-2017, and a 10-month charter with roundtrip cruises from Sokcho, South Korea which began in November 2017. Some destinations included Japan and Vladivostok , Russia, Vietnam’s Ha Long Bay from China’s “Coconut City,” Haikou, along with Da Nang and Nha Trang, as well as Manila and Boracay in the Philippines. Upon launch, the onboard VIP casino was operated by Century Casinos, Inc. , which also operates casinos aboard ships owned by TUI Cruises, Thomson Cruises, and Windstar Cruises. Immediately prior to its acquisition by Diamond Cruise parent company, Suzhou Taihu International Travel Agency, the vessel was known as Celestyal Odyssey and help a slightly smaller casino on the 6th deck. After the 2016 refurbishment, the Century casino offered 16 table games with a VIP room, and 40 gaming machines. Games offered include blackjack, roulette, 3 Card Poker, Sic Bo, baccarat and video slots. Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines is owned by a Norwegian company, Bonheur and Ganger Rolf, part of the Fred. Olsen Group. Company headquarters are located in Ipswich, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom. The company was started in 1848 by three brothers who embarked on a business of international shipping. Still, a family company, five generations of Olsens have participated in the venture as well as several other sectors from shipbuilding to electronics. There are five ships in the current fleet including the Brabant, Fred Olsens's first river cruise. All of the ships offer gaming opportunities, but the voyages are not usually undertaken with a primary focus on gambling. Each vessel has two gaming tables - one for blackjack and another for roulette. Many experienced passengers report that the tables are not open on every voyage. However, gambling is an advertised service and a croupier will most likely open a table upon request if it is not already in action. Guests will need to be at least 18 years of age to play. Only cash (Pounds Sterling) is accepted at the tables and bets cannot be charged to your room account. The Oceangoing ships are Black Watch ,  Braemar, Boudicca , and Balmoral. Onboard, passengers will find restaurants and fine dining, bars and lounges, relaxation and fitness and plenty of entertainment and fun activities which vary from sailing to sailing. Be sure to ask about the Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs), a great way to explore! The Genting Hongkong is a Corosration who owns and operate one of the leading global leisure, entertainment and other businesses. One of the major businesses of Genting Hongkong are Resorts World Manila whom opened last August 29, 2009 together with three big luxurious Hotels such us Maxims Hotel, Remington Hotel and Mariott Hotel . Another Property of Genting are Star Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Line whos offering cruise shipping to over 200 destinations all over the world and with 39,000 lower berths approximately. Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. operates the Emerald Princess Casino out of Brunswick, Georgia in the United States. The departure and return location is about halfway between Savannah, GA, and Jacksonville, FL. Out to sea, are St. Simons Island, Sea Island, Jekyll Island, Little St. Simons Island. The ship is rather small at 200 feet so passengers who have issues with motion sickness may want to use an appropriate medication or another method to deal with it. Two of the ship's four decks are devoted to gambling. Smoking is allowed on both levels but never on the third level Bistro Deck. The fourth deck is an open-air observation deck. Guests must be 18 or older to board and gamble and must be at least 21 years of age to drink alcohol. Gambling opportunities are few and far between for many people in the state, so the cruise operator is highly appreciated by most. Holland America Line was founded in the late 1800s as the Netherlands-America Steamship Company. The company's first vacation cruise was offered in 1895. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA, since 1989, it is now part of Carnival Corporation . The line currently comprises about 15 ships, all with casinos onboard. One of the company's greatest legacies is their part in helping to settle America by transporting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to the New World. The fleet consists of mid-sized ships with the smallest, an 'elegant explorer', the Prinsendam slated for retirement in 2019 and new vessels being commissioned in the Pinnacle Class like the MS Koningsdam, Nieuw Statendam , and Nieuw Ryndam with 12 decks and passenger complements of 2,650. Nieuw Ryndam is expected to be brought into service before the end of 2021. Casino hours vary from ship to ship. The minimum gambling age in international waters is 18 with the exception of Alaska Cruises where guests must be 21 or older. Blackjack, roulette, three card poker, and slots are found on most ships. Craps are available on some ships. The casinos are all well arranged and well maintained. Roulette can be found with $1 minimums in some cases, otherwise, most table games start at $5. Slots denominations range from a penny to $5 machines, Be sure to check the video poker paytables before getting too carried away. Depending on the cruise, bingo prizes can range from $2,000 to $100,000. All feature slots and blackjack tournaments. Whether you are sailing out of a US eastern or western port, Kowloon , Saint George's or Sydney , HAL offers a great gaming experience along with a stately cruise full of entertainment possibilities. Restaurants and fine dining, nightly entertainment, bars and lounges, diverse onboard activities like cooking workshops, wine tasting, and BBC Earth Experiences on board are just the tip of the mountain of fun that awaits on a Holland America Line cruise anywhere in the world. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD. was first known as Norwegian Caribbean Line when launched in 1966. Through a series of mergers, decouplings, acquisitions and investments the NYSE-listed company based in Florida is now owned in the minority by private equity companies as well as Genting Group which holds an 11.1% stake. The NCL holding company also owns Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises through a 2014 acquisition of parent company, Prestige Cruises International, Inc. Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL) offers informal casino cruises with no structured time for meals and some other activities and no need to dress formally at mealtime. For family travelers, Norwegian Escape, Breakaway, Getaway, and Epic offer the most 'kid friendly' cruises. All 15 of the ships, including Pride of America, the only US-flagged vessel in the fleet, offer gambling once the ships leave territorial waters. Game variety varies from ship to ship but a sampling of available games includes slots, blackjack and 21 variants, craps, roulette, three card poker, let it ride, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, baccarat, Pai Gow poker, and Texas Hold'em poker. Some of the blackjack variants include a Lucky Ladies side bet with a $5,000 jackpot. Lucky Ladies is available on all ships. All ships except Epic, Breakaway, and Getaway offer a Wheel of Madness side bet on the game. The optional bet can range from $1 to $10. When a player with a stake on the wheel is dealt a natural Blackjack they'll get a spin on the wheel to determine their side bet multiplier. The top prize is $5,000. For those who enjoy sailing on small city-size ships, Norwegian has added a third vessel to its Breakaway-Plus series with the launch of the 168,028-ton, 1,082-foot-long,  20-deck, 4,004 passenger Norwegian Bliss in 2018. She joins Escape and Joy in the class. Those ships launched in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cruise line is very popular and consistently adds to its fleet. There are 7 new additions to the fleet slated for release between 2019 and 2027. The five most recent debuts include Norwegian Bliss (2018), Joy (2017) Escape (2015), Getaway (2014), and Breakaway (2013). So far, Norwegian Bliss is the most innovative casino ship in the fleet with over 300 pokies (slots and video poker) and 25 gaming tables. Across the fleet, poker players register well ahead of time for the Norwegian Cruise Line Poker Challenge (NCLPC). The field is expected to surpass 400 participants soon. Oceania Cruises launched their first ship in 2002 and currently has a fleet of six ships. All of them offer gambling facilities. Founded by a team of cruise industry veterans, the company was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD in 2014 along with a sister company, Regent Seven Seas Cruises . Norwegian (NCL) is headquartered in Florida. All of Oceania's vessels fly the flag of the Marshall Islands. There are 4 ships in the Regatta class, all were built in 1998, 1999, or 2000. The MS Regatta was launched in 2003 and last refurbished in 2014. The most recent launch in the class was the 30,277 ton, 343 cabin, MS Sirena . The former Ocean Princess underwent a $40 million refurbishment in France and launched in 2016. Two brand new Oceania class ships were commissioned from Italian builder Fincantieri and are the first two new builds for the company. MS Marina , at 66,084 tons can hold 1,250 passengers and 580 of the 625 suites and cabins have private verandas. Marina launched in 2011. Her sister ship, which launched in 2012, is the MS Riviera . Two-week-long cruises are the norm for Oceania but they are most well known for much longer tours such as "Around the World in 180 Days" voyages and others lasting up to 195 days. The 6-month world cruises began in 2015. Bookings for the 180-Day World Cruises are taken up to two years in advance. The casinos are rather small in relation to the overall ship size on some vessels, mainly due to the extended times at sea. However, they are also a favorite attraction of many oceanfarers. The gambling spaces are well designed and stylish and offer table limits for all levels of players. The gaming machines include reel and video slots and video poker machines. Key card wagering makes the slots cashless. Casino credit is available to qualified guests and should be arranged one-month prior to departure. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check is required when you board the vessel in order to activate a credit line. All gaming is in USD and Euros can be exchanged on board. All play is tracked and rewarded through the Casinos at Sea rewards program which has 5 tiers. Points can be transfered from ship to ship and slot players can redeem rewards at any time onscreen while playing any game. P&O Cruises is the oldest cruise line in the world. The original company was founded in 1837 and the first passenger cruises from Southampton were offered in 1844. A series of de-mergers and mergers beginning in 2000 culminated in a merger with Carnival Corporation in 2003. The company operates seven cruise ships including Britannia which launched in early 2015. Two more large vessels are planned for launch in 2020 and 2020. All ships offer casino gaming once entering international waters. Table games, slot machines, bingo, scratch cards, and video horse racing are all offered. Roulette, blackjack, and three card poker are offered on all ships. Three of the casinos also offer Fun 21. If you don't see the game when aboard the Arcadia and there is an empty blackjack table, ask your host to flip the table as the Fun 21 felt is just underneath. Purchase your chips from the dealer with cash or your cruise card. All winnings are cashed out onto your cruise card. Slot machines all operate on a coinless system. To play, simply insert your cruise card or cash notes. Bingo offers five cash prizes each full day out to sea. There's also a jackpot that grows with nearly every game and must be won by the conclusion of the cruise. Scratch cards have prizes up to £20,000 and can be purchased at the casino desk. Video horse racing is presented on big screens. Arcadia features 4 tables and a variety of slots on the F deck. Aurora's casino is located on the Prom deck and features 4 tables and slots. Head to the F deck on Azura to find five tables offering three card poker, blackjack, roulette x2, and Fun 21. The casino on Britannia is deck 6 with 2 tables each offering blackjack, roulette, and three card poker. Oceana has five tables on D deck - Oriana offers 23 tables on the Prom deck, and there are five tables on F deck of Ventura. On sea days slots are open on all ships from 10 am until late with tables opening at noon. On port days, gaming doesn't start until the ship reaches international waters, which usually takes about 45 minutes. Opening times can vary by jurisdiction, but the demarcation point is usually 12 miles outside of port limits. Be sure to cash in your chips before leaving the ship. If you happen to forget, you can bring them along for your next voyage but may meet delays while the chips are authenticated. Princess Cruises launched their first Mexican Riviera cruise in 1965 but didn't become a household name known to people who vacation at sea until about a decade later when the company was acquired by P&O, who at the time was the world's largest oceanic shipper with more 300 vessels in operation. Baby boomers may recall Island Princess and Pacific Princess as the ships featured in the 1970s television series, The Love Boat. P&O spun off its passenger division in 2000, and it merged with Carnival in 2003. The combined company then featured 11 different brands of cruise ship companies. Princess, Carnival, and Holland America stopped requisitioning new ships during the 2008 economic downturn but added three new 3,600 passenger ships beginning with Royal Princess in 2013 and Regal Princess which entered service in 2014. A third Fincantieri-built ship, Majestic Princess launched in 2017. The entire current fleet flies the flag of Bermuda except for Royal, Majestic, Golden, Diamond, and Sapphire Princess which ships call the UK home. Three additional Bermuda-flagged Royal Class vessels are slated for launch in 2019, 2020, and 2022. Departure points for Princess Cruises include Vancouver, Canada , Brisbane, Rozelle, and Melbourne in Australia; Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and San Francisco in the US, as well as Marina Bay, Singapore ; Rome, Italy, and Piraeus in Greece. USA Today has awarded Princess the accolade of "Best cruise lines for Gamblers" and slots fans are frequently offered high return tournaments like the $200,000 Monopoly Cruise for Cash tournament. There are tournaments on every cruise so blackjack players and slots spinners have a chance to compete against their shipmates for cash prizes. Games vary from ship to ship but most voyagers will find traditional, video, and progressive jackpot slot machines as well as video poker. Table games can include heads-up Texas Hold ‘Em poker, and casino games like Caribbean Stud Poker, Three Card Poker and Let it Ride. Blackjack, dice, roulette, and other table games are available on most ships and you can even play bingo with ticket packages ranging from $10 to $30. A fairly new "class" of ships was introduced in 2017, known as the Ocean Medallion Class. These are 'the internet of things' ships with omnichannel connectivity to guests accounts from a medallion wristband. On ships appointed with the amenity, guests have access to the PlayOcean Casino and PlayOcean Everywhere so they can play real money games anywhere on the ship. Regent Seven Seas Cruises [(RSSC) formerly Radisson SSC] was founded in 1990. It is a luxury cruise line company offering an all-inclusive experience. Regent was a sister company of Oceania Cruises . The parent company, Prestige Cruise Holdings was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Lines in 2014. Regent Seven Seas Cruises' current fleet comprises 4 ships ranging from 28,550 gross tons to 54,000 GT. The largest ship to date is Seven Seas Explorer built in 2016 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri of Sestri Ponente, Genova.  Fincantieri has also been commissioned to delivers the 55k GT Seven Seas Splendor in early 2020. All vessels are currently Bahamian-flagged. The fleet's casino ships sail out of Sydney, Australia; the Port of Miami in the US, and Kavala, Greece. In early 2017 the parent company announced that a new Port of Miami terminal was under development for completion prior to 2020. All of the casinos in the fleet share in the Norwegian Cruise Lines Casinos At Sea rewards program. The rewards program has five tiers with the top three sharing a host of benefits including cruise suite discounts and convenience fee waivers. First-tier and all other players will enjoy promotional offers, pint redemtions for free play, and the ability t transfer points from ship to ship. Second tier members also receive special birthday offers. Point redemption for free play is easy. Slots and video poker players can cash in right at the machine they are playing at any time or do as table players do and redeem points at the casino cage. Casino credit is available to all players with an existing reservation. Please make arrangements at least 30 days in advance of your voyage. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check will be required on board to activate the line. The Casino on Seven Seas Mariner sailing out of Greece is located on Deck 7. The gaming facilities are open daily when territorial border limits do not restrict operations.  Blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and slot machines are available for play. Adult Entertainment beyond the casino floor includes a show lounge in the style of a Parisian cabaret with musical productions staged by experienced Broadway pros. The Connoisseur Club is a special hideaway where fine cognac and imported cigars are enjoyed by shipmates engaging in friendly conversation while they enjoy the finer things in life. Royal Caribbean International is a Miami-based cruise line brand owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. The company was founded in Norway in 1968 and has over 20 ships in operation as well as a future fleet that will bring that number to 30. You might be wondering: "How many of the oceangoing vessels have casinos?" Good news for seafaring gamblers! Royal Caribbean has outfitted their entire current fleet with onboard casinos! Some are a little bigger than others, and some have more game variety, but they all have lots of slots and plenty of table game action. Sailing out of England? Consider booking the Navigator of the Seas ; From Barcelona, Vision; Shanghai? Quantum of the Seas ; Hong Kong, Voyager. Most of the other cruises depart from the U.S . and Puerto Rico . All of the casinos offer thousands of square feet of Vegas-style action under the lights with video slots, video poker, table games, and tournaments. Some of the table games you can expect to find on your Royal Caribbean cruise are: Single Deck Blackjack Roulette Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'Em Let It Ride Three Card Poker Blackjack with Side Bets like Lucky Ladies Walking up to a high stakes blackjack table and sitting down with a stack of chips in front of you can seem intimidating to casual players and those who may need to brush up a little on their game. Royal Caribbean has you covered! During the day, your hosts will be glad to teach you the ins and outs of any game from roulette to baccarat. Once you get your "sea legs" for the game you can join a tournament where everyone has a chance to progress to the grand finale without risking stacks of your hard earned cash along the way. If you want to win big prizes with more help from Lady Luck than your own gambling experience, try a Slot Tournament. Simply go to the Casino Cash Desk when the casino is open to enroll in a qualifying tournament. Even Beginner's Luck can help you grab a chunk of the $50,000 prize pool! This might seem crazy: Poker players can qualify for the Royal Poker Tournament throughout the year. Winners are eligible for entry into the finals with a chance to win part of the $100,000 Royal Poker Prize Pool! Don't forget, you may be eligible for a free cruise vacation for two along the way. What Else Can I Look Forward To? Visit the Royal Caribbean Casino Cruise Experience to learn more about... Casino Promotions Club Royal Events Casino Rewards Program Casino Credit Win/Loss Statements Wire Transfer Instructions If you have questions now you can contact the Casino Call Center at (888) 561-2234. Seabourn Cruise Line offers casino gaming on all five of its luxury liner cruise ships. The company was founded in 1986 in Norway. Carnival Corp began purchasing shares in 1991 and completed ownership in 2001. The company moved its Miami headquarters to Seattle, Washington in 2011 to join Holland America Line . With home ports in the U.S., Argentina, and Singapore the company's five luxury casino cruise ships are... Seabourn Ovation Seabourn Encore Seabourn Quest Seabourn Odyssey Seabourn Sojourn You might be asking yourself: Should I book a Seabourn Cruise for gambling? The answer to that is simple. It depends on what you are looking for in a casino cruise... 1) How long do I want to be on the ship? 2) How much time will I spend in the casino? 3) Do I want a Las Vegas on the seas experience? 4) Would I be happy with a few slot machines and occasional table action? 5) Can I afford a Seabourn casino cruise? We'll help you answer those questions and more by sharing some things we know about the Seabourn Difference . Seabourn offers Caribbean cruises as short as seven days. They also offer mid-length ventures and journeys up to 100 days. Shore excursions are available on some cruises. The casinos onboard the ships are all on Deck 5 near the aft deck. They are small by most land casino standards with less than two dozen slots and video poker machines and 3 or 4 gaming tables. The gaming areas are located fore of The Club and near the Club Bar. Men and women's restrooms are adjacent to the gaming areas. The gaming areas are well appointed and well kept. They simply aren't large enough to provide a Las Vegas-style experience when you aren't actually gambling. Table games include Blackjack , Roulette , and Poker . Seabourn is a luxury cruise liner... Expect to pay top price for your cruise Formal nights are optional so you could save on wardrobe costs Prices are all-inclusive so your drinks are paid for Gourmands will especially appreciate Restaurant 2 Now that you know more about gambling at sea with Seabourn, you can sign up for special offers or explore the video gallery and choose a destination in the Caribbean, Mediterranian, Asia, or plan a Transatlantic cruise ! Expect to meet others onboard who are: Older, financially secure, well-dressed. Silversea Cruises is a mid-level luxury cruise line established in 1994 by the Lefebvre family of Rome, Italy. The company is headquartered in Monaco and owned in the majority (67%) by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd . The company's current fleet comprises nine vessels. The largest and newest ship is Silver Muse at 40,700 gross tons and capacity for nearly 600 passengers. Six of the ships are over sixteen tons and three are clippers in the company's Expedition fleet. Seafaring gamblers will find casinos aboard: Silver Cloud Silver Wind Silver Shadow Silver Whisper Silver Spirit (Refurbished/expanded March 2018) Silver Muse (Launched 2017) There are no gaming facilities on the smaller expedition class ships. You might be wondering... What are the best cruises for gambling? Really, any cruise anywhere in the world under 7 days is best. Why? The longer cruises tend to attract older vacationers who go to bed early. If you like the casino all to yourself, a longer cruise may be best. All of the ships with gaming offer Blackjack, Roulette, and slots. The two newer and larger ships have roomier, more opulent casino gaming areas with plenty of action. The smallest casino is on Silversea Wind with nine gaming machines and four tables. You can click the following link to view the casino aboard Silver Shadow . True luxury at mid-class prices: All inclusive pricing makes a Silverseas cruise an easy decision. You'll find most of your cruise mates are couples and the younger more upwardly mobile families have opted for a Carnival or Royal Caribbean cruise. Enjoy: All-Inclusive experience (gratuities included in fare) Fine dining (diverse cuisine, open seating, 24 hours) Private veranda (855 of suites) Very personalized service (Butler service in every suite) Champagne, wine, and spirits (anywhere on the ship including in-suite) Entertainment Complimentary transportation (in most port towns) Spa and fitness facilities If I run out of cash can I get an advance for the casino or shore excursions? Cash advances are limited to $1,000 per voyage per suite. Onboard cash advance services incur a 2% fee. Onboard credit cannot be used in the casino. Can I gamble online? Silversea offers unlimited free Wi-Fi. There are no known restrictions on personal usage. Your suite status will determine a premium or standard Wi-Fi package. If unsure of local laws, please wait until you are 12 miles out to sea before you gambling online . Where can I find out more? You can check out the individual casino cruises by clicking a link below. Contact information is also available on the profile pages. You can also visit SILVERSEA to find exclusive offers, request a quote or brochure, or book your cruise vacation now! Victory Casino Cruises has been running out of Port Canaveral, Florida since 2011. If you are looking for a 'cruise to nowhere' this might be your best bet. The Victory I first set sail in 1972 and was refurbished before Victory launched their casino cruise. If you've ever been on a gambling ship, as opposed to a luxury cruise liner with a casino... You might ask: "I thought gambling was a monopoly in Florida. How do they do it?" Yes, most of the slots and table games are in the Seminole Tribe's Hard Rock casinos . You can find poker and a few other games like poker at Florida racetracks and jai alai frontons. Once the ship enters international waters, Florida gambling laws no longer apply. The 3-mile journey usually takes about 30 minutes - then the games are on! #1 Florida Casino Cruise? Judging by the reviews on TripAdvisor , most people are extremely satisfied with their Victory Casino Cruise experiences. Those who weren't might not have known what to expect. This is a gambling ship You'll be out to sea for 5-6 hours People smoke outside, so you might smell it You might say: "Okay, I get it. But what about the casino... is it a real casino?" Oh yeah! It's a real casino alright. There are over 600 slots so there should always be some open. On a busy cruise, they'll open up to 100 gaming tables. That puts it on par with most Downtown Las Vegas properties and quite a few on the Strip. Here's what you can play... Slots Blackjack $5-$500 - dealer stands all 17's - BJ pays 3:2 Craps Roulette EZ Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'em Mississippi Stud Three Card Poker Let It Ride Bingo Only Legal Sportsbook in Florida!!! Read on for more about the boat and what's on it... Four decks are available on the 2,137 GT, 368-foot gambling ship built at the Bellinger Shipyard, Jacksonville FL in 1972. Deck 1 - Sportsbook Lounge, Atlantic Cafe Deck 2 - High-limit slots, Table games Deck 3 - Slots atrium Deck 4 - Big Norm's Club V, Outside deck Dolphin Bar Big Norm's Club V is open 7 days a week. On weekends it turns into more of a nightclub with DJ's, internationally and locally renowned musicians. Where to learn more about Victory Casino Cruise Location Captain's Weather Blog Transportation Windstar Cruises is a luxury cruise line established in 1984. Based in Seattle, Washington the company's fleet comprises 6 yachts with capacities ranging from 148 to 310 guests. The line is owned by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Inc., whose parent company is The Anschutz Corporation. Former owners include Holland America Line . All six ships offer casino gambling . So... Other than offering luxury yachts, what sets Windstar apart? For the answer to that, let's look at the company's flagship vessel, The Wind Star . In service since 1986, the Wind Star features a spa, a Signature shop, library, veranda, watersports platform, whirlpool, pool bar, gourmet restaurant/lounge, a casino, and Windstar's Open Bridge Policy. When the weather is good... The Captain will welcome you to the bridge No reservations needed Shop with the chefs at foreign markets Sample the local fare and help pick out: produce spices herbs local treats Enjoy the next moveable feast onboard! Watersports Platform snorkeling paddle boarding swimming sailing water skiing windsurfing kayaking The Rest of the Fleet Wind Spirit (most popular casino ship) Wind Surf (the largest, formerly Club Med 1) Star Pride (formerly Seabourn Pride) Star Breeze (formerly Seabourn Breeze) Star Legend (formerly Seabourn Legend) Okay, now, some gambling details Age to Play: 21 While we're talking about age... This line is not recommended for families with children except for older teens. Very few organized activities. Sightseeing and adult socializing are key cruise features. Games: Blackjack, roulette, slots , poker The ships have a mix of gaming opportunities. Expect all on larger ships like Wind Surf. Table Minimum : $5 Slots: Multidenominational Onboard Credit: Arrange prior to departure for best success Smoking: Not allowed in the casino - only  in designated smoking areas on outside decks Learn more about what makes Windstar different Learn more about Windstar Policies - Read the FAQ Additional gambling opportunities on a Windstar Cruise If you want to take a shore excursion and include a casino night... Choose a destination or cruise with a layover to Monte Carlo ! Please keep in mind that all casinos in Monaco require men to wear a jacket and tie. Top Destinations: Asia Caribbean Costa Rica/Panama Cana Mediterranean Mexico How do I get there? Visit Windstar Cruises to find a cruise, plan your journey, look for specials, or dream about the yachts ! Seafaring gamblers in the Nordic region, especially the northern parts of the Baltic Sea, have been enjoying the gambling services of Paf on Tallink and Silja line cruises for over three decades. The Åland-based service provider's contract is up for renewal at five year periods with 2023 on the horizon fore or aft. Onboard games include popular slots, bingo, poker, table and card games, lotteries, and sports betting. Departure points for gambling cruises include Stockholm in Sweden along with Helsinki and Turku in Finland. The Baltic Princess sails out of Stockholm twice each day and offers full family entertainment and escape with a well-staffed Siljaland playroom for the kids. It's one of the newest ships on the Baltic and offers no-limit Texas Hold'em tournaments and daily live entertainment. Cruise ferry Galaxy offers 927 cabins over 12 decks, several restaurants and bars, as well as a kids zone. The onboard casino has slots, roulette, and blackjack tables. This vessel is often used for business meetings as the modern 450 conference center attracts the business class as well as weddings and family parties and gatherings. The sauna department is highly rated. The Silja Symphony departs from Stockholm and is an older ship launched in 1991. A favorite of many seeking a break, this is a unique vessel. The heart of the ship features a pedestrian streetwalk down the Promenade with top-tier restaurants, cafes, and a variety of shops on either side. The casino is located in the bow of the ship on Deck 7 where you'll find roulette, poker and slot machines. Silja Serenade Cruise Ship sails out of Helsinki and is perhaps the premier gambling ship in the fleet. There are ten classes of cabins and suites from the special cabins designed to accommodate people with special needs and those who are traveling with a pet or have allergies to the Executive Suite on Deck 11 with 75m2 of luxurious space and featuring its own sauna. Paf has recently upgraded the manual payment system in its casinos on the Tallink & Silja Line, replacing coins with tickets - adding another level of convenience and comfort for adventurers. AS Tallink Grupp services nearly 10 million passengers each year on its 14 consumer vessels. Paf also operates the casino aboard Casino Sunborn in Gibraltar , a 5-star superyacht, and the Paf Casino on Åland with more than 1,500 slot machines and 55 gaming tables in operation. Big M Gaming LLC operates two gambling cruise ships out of Little River, SC in the United States; Big "M" Casino Ship I and Big "M" Casino Ship II . The seaside of Little River is better known as Myrtle Beach. It is situated next to the South/North Carolina border and has been continuously inhabited since the first trading post was established in the 1700's. Big M offers 5-hour gambling cruises with a set-price all you can eat buffet and is very popular in the region. There are no land casinos in the state. The closest terrestrial casino is Harrah's Cherokee nearly 6 hours away in North Carolina. Due to strict gambling laws in the state, the only way to play blackjack or slots legally is to go out to sea. Gaming is only allowed after you are at least 3 miles away from shore but the ships may travel as far as 15 miles out. It takes about 45 minutes to reach international waters. The minimum age to board either ship is 21. Smoking is only allowed on the main deck casino during gaming hours. Both ships also offer smoke-free gaming decks with slot machines. Both ships offer Las Vegas-style gambling. Only Ship I has Texas Hold ’em poker. Both casinos host slots, roulette, craps, Let it Ride, 3-card poker and other specialty games. Both ships are well maintained and kept clean, although we wouldn't go so far as to refer to them as ' luxury yachts ' as the company does, they are nicely appointed and there is plenty of room to move around. The ships are rarely, if ever, out to sea at the same time so if you have a preference (outer deck smoking, prime rib or seafood buffets, etc.), it's always a good idea to call ahead or visit the website for a schedule and current prices. The water can get a bit rough any time of the year and the outings occur every month. Some people will choose to eat on the way out, others on the way back to port, and others may not eat at all. The price of the buffet is not included in boarding fees. The buffet deck is not handicap accessible but staff will gladly bring food to the main deck and set up a comfortable dining space for those who can't reach the restaurant. Sandwiches are available on the top deck throughout the cruise. BUffet prices are reasonable. Beer, wine, and well drinks are about the same price as you'll find in the town of Little River . Carnival Cruise Line offers casino gaming on over two dozen ships departing from the U.S. and other ports from Honolulu, Hawaii, and Miami, to Barcelona, Spain .  While the gaming centers may have different names from vessel to vessel, most are fairly generic capitalizing on formulas the cruise giant has developed over the years. Your Sail & Sign card also doubles as Carnival Players Club card at all of the casinos. The Ocean Players Club covers you on any Carnival Casino cruise, Ibero Cruceros, P&O Cruises, Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, Holland America, Cunard, Seabourn, and Princess Cruises. Carnival ships are family ships, so there's always a safe and healthy place for the kids to play while mom and dad head out for a little Las Vegas-style action during their escape to sea. Most Carnival casinos allow passengers 18 years of age and older to enter and play in the casinos. Common among most of the gaming decks are optional casino tournaments featuring slots, poker, and blackjack . The cost of tournaments change from time to time, ship to ship, and game to game but the payouts for winning on sheer luck can pay for the trip and more. Slots are the biggest draw with games from top developers and providers such as Aruze, Bally, and IGT. The Sphinx 3D™ by IGT gives players all the thrills they would ever expect in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. But if you want a dealer or croupier to get to know you by name you'll have to go to the table. Most of the blackjack tables have low buy-ins but if enough high rollers want a game your Carnival casino host will probably accommodate the request. You're not likely to find single-deck action but there are plenty of variations on the basic theme to keep most players happy including Face-Up 21, Fun 21, and classic blackjack. Most ships offer poker tournaments or at least a table or two for poker players. The electronic PokerPro tables might take some players a couple of minutes to get used to - just cup your hands around the display of face-down cards to see them revealed. If you're a poker junky and on a vessel with  Ocean Medallion technology, you can play 24/7 on your mobile device even if the tables floor tables are closed. Slots , bingo, and roulette are also available on some cruises. Players won't find free drinks coming around every few minutes like they do in Las Vegas, and you'll have to be at least 21 to order a partake, but Carnival offers double the comps for gameplay compared to other cruise lines. This means that your casino points add up to free beer, wine, and cocktails or even non-alcoholic drinks if you prefer. For the not-so-serious gamblers, there are also prize games - some require skill, and all require luck. Win a stack of greenbacks on the Cash Cube or try your hand at picking up pricey electronics and other prizes on a claw machine. Celebrity Cruises offer a single brand of casino experience across the fleet of gaming equipped vessels. Every Celebrity cruise ship except the Expedition has a Fortune Casino onboard. All ships offer blackjack, roulette, poker, craps, and a wide range of slot machines.  For guests on the Celebrity Solstice sailing out of Sydney, and several other cruises, baccarat (punto banco) is also available upon request. Since the casinos don't open for play until the cruise is in international waters, most gambling laws do not apply. Guests only need to be 18 years old to play, except for the Alaska Cruise which requires guests to be 21 or older.  No matter where the ship is, you need to be 21 to drink. Smoking is not allowed in any Fortunes Casino but all ships have designated outdoor smoking areas. Celebrity Cruises belongs to the International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) and adheres to council guidelines on gambling entertainment. All facilities and equipment meet regulatory standards equal to Nevada or other licensed jurisdictions for payback percentages ad internal software; abide by rules of play equal to Nevada, New Jersey or England, and all gambling operations are audited by Celebrity's internal audit department on a regular basis, among other controls. Fortunes Casino partners with MGM, so if you remember to use your player's club card you can earn comps and perks at land-based casinos while you are out at sea! All loyalty tiers can redeem points for free casino play. There are 5 tiers and players in the top 3 tiers receive anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars in free play each time they sail. There are now more than 20 perks and benefits associated with Blue Chip Club membership. Passengers will always find excellent dining and lounge options on Celebrity casino cruises as well as entertainment. Among the best-outfitted vessels for casino gaming players will find about 275 slot machines. Celebrity Millenium sailing out of Hong Kong, Infinity, Summit, and Constellation offer around 190 machines each, about a dozen mixed Las Vegas-style table games, and 1 electronic Pokermate Texas Hold 'Em table. Celebrity Reflection sailing out of Chile and Brazil, Equinox, Eclipse, Silhouette, and  Solstice each have more than a dozen tables with 2 poker tables each and baccarat upon request. All Fortune Casinos offer at least one single-deck blackjack table. Slots start at $0.01, they include reel slots and video bonus games. Video poker machines are included in the slot machines count. People who take the seas to gamble in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe know the Costa Cruises experience, or as the line is called in its native Italy, Costa Crociere. Vessels with onboard casinos include those sailing out of Marina Bay, Singapore ; Tianjin, China; Dubai, UAE; Port Louis, Mauritius; Mumbai, India and Savona, Italy . Starting out with cargo ships in 1854, the company started commercial activities from about 1924 until the first passenger services were begun in 1947 with regular services to South America. The then family-owned company eventually converted their fleet to cruising and became one of the largest operators in Europe before selling to Carnival in the year 2000. The Carnival family of companies now comprises  Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Crociere, Cunard Line, Holland America, Seabourn Cruise Lines, and Windstar Cruises with Costa accounting for about 16% of the parent company's revenue. Costa Cruises brand currently operates six casino ships and 8 vessels without gaming facilities. All sail under the Italian flag in the waters of the Caribbean, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia, and South America. None of the casino spaces are huge by international standards but all are well appointed and offer tables and slots. The Mediterranea , sailing out of Savona in Italy, offers the most slots with over 140 machines, while the Atlantica , departing from Tianjin, China offers the most table games with a count of 21. The table game selection varies by ship but you will usually find blackjack, roulette, and poker, as well as craps on some vessels. All of the vessels offer fine dining, recreation, entertainment, shopping, sport, and wellness facilities including spas. Some of the ships without casino feature 4D Cinema as part of the kids' package of family fun. Some of the amenities found on Costa Cruises Fortuna, sailing out of Port Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates include a theater, library, art gallery, cognac bar and a cigar bar. Dining ranges from casual to fine dining on all vessels with 7-Michelin starred chef's tending to your needs on some. For those who smoke and those who prefer not to be exposed, all cabins and public rooms are smoke-free. There are designated spaces on open decks for smokers and you can smoke on your private cabin balcony - and of course, in the Cigar Bar. e-cigarettes are in your cabin as well. neoClassica and neoRomantica sail out of Mumbai, India and Port Louis, Mauritius respectively and offer a good variety of gaming. Crystal Cruises is an American luxury liner with two casino outfitted ships as of 2018. Formerly owned and operated by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) with Caesars Casinos onboard, the line was sold to Genting Hong Kong in 2015. The casinos were rebranded as Resorts World casinos after Genting's other land-based casino brand. The subsidiary was also renamed to Crystal, Ltd and maintains headquarters in Los Angeles, California, and Miami, Florida. Additional luxury brands in service or under development include Crystal River Cruises, Crystal Yacht Expedition Cruises, Crystal Luxury Air and Crystal AirCruises. Crystal Cruises is currently the only division to offer full-service onboard casino amenities. Both the Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity were scheduled for major makeovers upon acquisition. In October 2017 the Symphony emerged from a multimillion-dollar renovation with luxury suites and penthouses in addition to more standard accommodations. The 50,000-ton vessel formerly accommodated 1,000 passengers but now offers more space and luxury to just 848 guests over eight decks. The new deck configuration for Serenity unveiled in November 2018. The Serenity offers 9 decks including the uppermost Sun Deck with elevator service. In addition to a large social area, vacationers will find paddle tennis courts, a sliding glass roof that can retract and let air as well as light into the Trident area, a weight room, spa, and salon. Like the Symphony, the 4,500 sq ft casino is found on the second level Tiffany Deck. Games offered include Blackjack , Roulette, Slot machines, Bingo, Mini-Baccarat, Texas Hold'em, and Three Card Poker. In addition to open floor casino space and VIP rooms, a luxury showroom and stage is fore - with an atrium, retail outlets, a Hollywood Theater, bistro, photo gallery, nightclub, connoisseur club (smoking lounge), saloon, and dance club with a stage - all aft of the casino. Look for Umi Uma & Sushi Bar on Serenity from November 2018 - Chef Nobu Matsuhisa's only Nobu at sea. All chefs have been personally trained by the master himself. Additional fine dining sees Prego bring the flavors of Italy to the Serenity. Every day dining is also available in the Crystal Dining Room with signature menus focused on two choices - one classic, the other, modern. Crystal Cove is a luxury cognac bar featuring Rémy Martin Louis XIII at the top end as well as wines, liqueurs, tequila, and grappa. The Penthouse Suites at 982 square feet (91.23 sqm) offer verandahs as do some staterooms, Other staterooms feature large picture windows. Elevator service is provided to all decks. The ships' ports of call are Philipsburg, Sint Maarten and the Port of Anchorage in Anchorage, Alaska. Cunard Line has been operated by Carnival since 1998, but the company has a rich and illustrious history dating back to 1839. Starting out with Britain's first transatlantic steamship mail contract, there are now three vessels in operation offering Northern European, Mediterranean, Transatlantic, Caribbean, and World Cruises. The fleet currently consists of the ocean liner Queen Mary 2 , and cruise ships Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria . A 4th vessel is slated for operation n 2022. There is a casino on board each Cunard ship. However, not all cruises offer gambling as the Empire Casinos do not open during voyages without foreign ports of call on the itinerary. Vessels stopping in Dublin, Cobh, St Peters Port and all foreign country ports will sail outside of UK territorial waters (12 miles/45 minutes) and the casinos will be opened while outside of the UKGC's jurisdiction. Queen Mary 2 offers Roulette, Blackjack, Three card poker, and Heads up Texas Hold'em - a house-banked casino game played against the dealer - as well as about 100 slot machines. There are 9 gaming tables in total aboard QM2. As mention, the casino opens about 45 minutes after leaving port. Once out to sea, slots machines are available for play beginning at 10am. Tables are open from 11am until 5pm, and then again from 7:30pm until close. Closing time is at the discretion of the casino manager. Queen Elizabeth offers about 45 slot machines and 5 gaming tables. Available table games include Roulette, Blackjack, Three Card Poker, and Fun 21. Queen Victoria features about 45 slots and the same mix of games spread over 5 tables as are found on Queen Elizabeth. Table limits on all ships vary from $3 - $25 minimums with maximum bets ranging from $100 - $500. Reels slots, video slots, and video poker machines are multi-denominational with 'coin' sizes ranging from a penny to $5. All machines are coinless. Deposits are accepted in notes or via cruise cards. Cashouts are done to your card. Cash and cards are accepted at the tables to purchase chips. A credit card must be registered at the front desk in order to use your cruise card for gambling. "Onboard spending money" is not accepted for chip purchases. Complimentary gaming lessons are available during the day for those who may not be familiar with the rules or practices of certain games. Glory Sea is the first cruise ship launched by Diamond Cruise International Co. The ship is a luxury liner with an ever-changing itinerary that has included short cruises sailing from China's Shanghai port 2016-2017, and a 10-month charter with roundtrip cruises from Sokcho, South Korea which began in November 2017. Some destinations included Japan and Vladivostok , Russia, Vietnam’s Ha Long Bay from China’s “Coconut City,” Haikou, along with Da Nang and Nha Trang, as well as Manila and Boracay in the Philippines. Upon launch, the onboard VIP casino was operated by Century Casinos, Inc. , which also operates casinos aboard ships owned by TUI Cruises, Thomson Cruises, and Windstar Cruises. Immediately prior to its acquisition by Diamond Cruise parent company, Suzhou Taihu International Travel Agency, the vessel was known as Celestyal Odyssey and help a slightly smaller casino on the 6th deck. After the 2016 refurbishment, the Century casino offered 16 table games with a VIP room, and 40 gaming machines. Games offered include blackjack, roulette, 3 Card Poker, Sic Bo, baccarat and video slots. Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines is owned by a Norwegian company, Bonheur and Ganger Rolf, part of the Fred. Olsen Group. Company headquarters are located in Ipswich, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom. The company was started in 1848 by three brothers who embarked on a business of international shipping. Still, a family company, five generations of Olsens have participated in the venture as well as several other sectors from shipbuilding to electronics. There are five ships in the current fleet including the Brabant, Fred Olsens's first river cruise. All of the ships offer gaming opportunities, but the voyages are not usually undertaken with a primary focus on gambling. Each vessel has two gaming tables - one for blackjack and another for roulette. Many experienced passengers report that the tables are not open on every voyage. However, gambling is an advertised service and a croupier will most likely open a table upon request if it is not already in action. Guests will need to be at least 18 years of age to play. Only cash (Pounds Sterling) is accepted at the tables and bets cannot be charged to your room account. The Oceangoing ships are Black Watch ,  Braemar, Boudicca , and Balmoral. Onboard, passengers will find restaurants and fine dining, bars and lounges, relaxation and fitness and plenty of entertainment and fun activities which vary from sailing to sailing. Be sure to ask about the Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs), a great way to explore! The Genting Hongkong is a Corosration who owns and operate one of the leading global leisure, entertainment and other businesses. One of the major businesses of Genting Hongkong are Resorts World Manila whom opened last August 29, 2009 together with three big luxurious Hotels such us Maxims Hotel, Remington Hotel and Mariott Hotel . Another Property of Genting are Star Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Line whos offering cruise shipping to over 200 destinations all over the world and with 39,000 lower berths approximately. Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. operates the Emerald Princess Casino out of Brunswick, Georgia in the United States. The departure and return location is about halfway between Savannah, GA, and Jacksonville, FL. Out to sea, are St. Simons Island, Sea Island, Jekyll Island, Little St. Simons Island. The ship is rather small at 200 feet so passengers who have issues with motion sickness may want to use an appropriate medication or another method to deal with it. Two of the ship's four decks are devoted to gambling. Smoking is allowed on both levels but never on the third level Bistro Deck. The fourth deck is an open-air observation deck. Guests must be 18 or older to board and gamble and must be at least 21 years of age to drink alcohol. Gambling opportunities are few and far between for many people in the state, so the cruise operator is highly appreciated by most. Holland America Line was founded in the late 1800s as the Netherlands-America Steamship Company. The company's first vacation cruise was offered in 1895. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA, since 1989, it is now part of Carnival Corporation . The line currently comprises about 15 ships, all with casinos onboard. One of the company's greatest legacies is their part in helping to settle America by transporting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to the New World. The fleet consists of mid-sized ships with the smallest, an 'elegant explorer', the Prinsendam slated for retirement in 2019 and new vessels being commissioned in the Pinnacle Class like the MS Koningsdam, Nieuw Statendam , and Nieuw Ryndam with 12 decks and passenger complements of 2,650. Nieuw Ryndam is expected to be brought into service before the end of 2021. Casino hours vary from ship to ship. The minimum gambling age in international waters is 18 with the exception of Alaska Cruises where guests must be 21 or older. Blackjack, roulette, three card poker, and slots are found on most ships. Craps are available on some ships. The casinos are all well arranged and well maintained. Roulette can be found with $1 minimums in some cases, otherwise, most table games start at $5. Slots denominations range from a penny to $5 machines, Be sure to check the video poker paytables before getting too carried away. Depending on the cruise, bingo prizes can range from $2,000 to $100,000. All feature slots and blackjack tournaments. Whether you are sailing out of a US eastern or western port, Kowloon , Saint George's or Sydney , HAL offers a great gaming experience along with a stately cruise full of entertainment possibilities. Restaurants and fine dining, nightly entertainment, bars and lounges, diverse onboard activities like cooking workshops, wine tasting, and BBC Earth Experiences on board are just the tip of the mountain of fun that awaits on a Holland America Line cruise anywhere in the world. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD. was first known as Norwegian Caribbean Line when launched in 1966. Through a series of mergers, decouplings, acquisitions and investments the NYSE-listed company based in Florida is now owned in the minority by private equity companies as well as Genting Group which holds an 11.1% stake. The NCL holding company also owns Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises through a 2014 acquisition of parent company, Prestige Cruises International, Inc. Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL) offers informal casino cruises with no structured time for meals and some other activities and no need to dress formally at mealtime. For family travelers, Norwegian Escape, Breakaway, Getaway, and Epic offer the most 'kid friendly' cruises. All 15 of the ships, including Pride of America, the only US-flagged vessel in the fleet, offer gambling once the ships leave territorial waters. Game variety varies from ship to ship but a sampling of available games includes slots, blackjack and 21 variants, craps, roulette, three card poker, let it ride, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, baccarat, Pai Gow poker, and Texas Hold'em poker. Some of the blackjack variants include a Lucky Ladies side bet with a $5,000 jackpot. Lucky Ladies is available on all ships. All ships except Epic, Breakaway, and Getaway offer a Wheel of Madness side bet on the game. The optional bet can range from $1 to $10. When a player with a stake on the wheel is dealt a natural Blackjack they'll get a spin on the wheel to determine their side bet multiplier. The top prize is $5,000. For those who enjoy sailing on small city-size ships, Norwegian has added a third vessel to its Breakaway-Plus series with the launch of the 168,028-ton, 1,082-foot-long,  20-deck, 4,004 passenger Norwegian Bliss in 2018. She joins Escape and Joy in the class. Those ships launched in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cruise line is very popular and consistently adds to its fleet. There are 7 new additions to the fleet slated for release between 2019 and 2027. The five most recent debuts include Norwegian Bliss (2018), Joy (2017) Escape (2015), Getaway (2014), and Breakaway (2013). So far, Norwegian Bliss is the most innovative casino ship in the fleet with over 300 pokies (slots and video poker) and 25 gaming tables. Across the fleet, poker players register well ahead of time for the Norwegian Cruise Line Poker Challenge (NCLPC). The field is expected to surpass 400 participants soon. Oceania Cruises launched their first ship in 2002 and currently has a fleet of six ships. All of them offer gambling facilities. Founded by a team of cruise industry veterans, the company was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD in 2014 along with a sister company, Regent Seven Seas Cruises . Norwegian (NCL) is headquartered in Florida. All of Oceania's vessels fly the flag of the Marshall Islands. There are 4 ships in the Regatta class, all were built in 1998, 1999, or 2000. The MS Regatta was launched in 2003 and last refurbished in 2014. The most recent launch in the class was the 30,277 ton, 343 cabin, MS Sirena . The former Ocean Princess underwent a $40 million refurbishment in France and launched in 2016. Two brand new Oceania class ships were commissioned from Italian builder Fincantieri and are the first two new builds for the company. MS Marina , at 66,084 tons can hold 1,250 passengers and 580 of the 625 suites and cabins have private verandas. Marina launched in 2011. Her sister ship, which launched in 2012, is the MS Riviera . Two-week-long cruises are the norm for Oceania but they are most well known for much longer tours such as "Around the World in 180 Days" voyages and others lasting up to 195 days. The 6-month world cruises began in 2015. Bookings for the 180-Day World Cruises are taken up to two years in advance. The casinos are rather small in relation to the overall ship size on some vessels, mainly due to the extended times at sea. However, they are also a favorite attraction of many oceanfarers. The gambling spaces are well designed and stylish and offer table limits for all levels of players. The gaming machines include reel and video slots and video poker machines. Key card wagering makes the slots cashless. Casino credit is available to qualified guests and should be arranged one-month prior to departure. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check is required when you board the vessel in order to activate a credit line. All gaming is in USD and Euros can be exchanged on board. All play is tracked and rewarded through the Casinos at Sea rewards program which has 5 tiers. Points can be transfered from ship to ship and slot players can redeem rewards at any time onscreen while playing any game. P&O Cruises is the oldest cruise line in the world. The original company was founded in 1837 and the first passenger cruises from Southampton were offered in 1844. A series of de-mergers and mergers beginning in 2000 culminated in a merger with Carnival Corporation in 2003. The company operates seven cruise ships including Britannia which launched in early 2015. Two more large vessels are planned for launch in 2020 and 2020. All ships offer casino gaming once entering international waters. Table games, slot machines, bingo, scratch cards, and video horse racing are all offered. Roulette, blackjack, and three card poker are offered on all ships. Three of the casinos also offer Fun 21. If you don't see the game when aboard the Arcadia and there is an empty blackjack table, ask your host to flip the table as the Fun 21 felt is just underneath. Purchase your chips from the dealer with cash or your cruise card. All winnings are cashed out onto your cruise card. Slot machines all operate on a coinless system. To play, simply insert your cruise card or cash notes. Bingo offers five cash prizes each full day out to sea. There's also a jackpot that grows with nearly every game and must be won by the conclusion of the cruise. Scratch cards have prizes up to £20,000 and can be purchased at the casino desk. Video horse racing is presented on big screens. Arcadia features 4 tables and a variety of slots on the F deck. Aurora's casino is located on the Prom deck and features 4 tables and slots. Head to the F deck on Azura to find five tables offering three card poker, blackjack, roulette x2, and Fun 21. The casino on Britannia is deck 6 with 2 tables each offering blackjack, roulette, and three card poker. Oceana has five tables on D deck - Oriana offers 23 tables on the Prom deck, and there are five tables on F deck of Ventura. On sea days slots are open on all ships from 10 am until late with tables opening at noon. On port days, gaming doesn't start until the ship reaches international waters, which usually takes about 45 minutes. Opening times can vary by jurisdiction, but the demarcation point is usually 12 miles outside of port limits. Be sure to cash in your chips before leaving the ship. If you happen to forget, you can bring them along for your next voyage but may meet delays while the chips are authenticated. Princess Cruises launched their first Mexican Riviera cruise in 1965 but didn't become a household name known to people who vacation at sea until about a decade later when the company was acquired by P&O, who at the time was the world's largest oceanic shipper with more 300 vessels in operation. Baby boomers may recall Island Princess and Pacific Princess as the ships featured in the 1970s television series, The Love Boat. P&O spun off its passenger division in 2000, and it merged with Carnival in 2003. The combined company then featured 11 different brands of cruise ship companies. Princess, Carnival, and Holland America stopped requisitioning new ships during the 2008 economic downturn but added three new 3,600 passenger ships beginning with Royal Princess in 2013 and Regal Princess which entered service in 2014. A third Fincantieri-built ship, Majestic Princess launched in 2017. The entire current fleet flies the flag of Bermuda except for Royal, Majestic, Golden, Diamond, and Sapphire Princess which ships call the UK home. Three additional Bermuda-flagged Royal Class vessels are slated for launch in 2019, 2020, and 2022. Departure points for Princess Cruises include Vancouver, Canada , Brisbane, Rozelle, and Melbourne in Australia; Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and San Francisco in the US, as well as Marina Bay, Singapore ; Rome, Italy, and Piraeus in Greece. USA Today has awarded Princess the accolade of "Best cruise lines for Gamblers" and slots fans are frequently offered high return tournaments like the $200,000 Monopoly Cruise for Cash tournament. There are tournaments on every cruise so blackjack players and slots spinners have a chance to compete against their shipmates for cash prizes. Games vary from ship to ship but most voyagers will find traditional, video, and progressive jackpot slot machines as well as video poker. Table games can include heads-up Texas Hold ‘Em poker, and casino games like Caribbean Stud Poker, Three Card Poker and Let it Ride. Blackjack, dice, roulette, and other table games are available on most ships and you can even play bingo with ticket packages ranging from $10 to $30. A fairly new "class" of ships was introduced in 2017, known as the Ocean Medallion Class. These are 'the internet of things' ships with omnichannel connectivity to guests accounts from a medallion wristband. On ships appointed with the amenity, guests have access to the PlayOcean Casino and PlayOcean Everywhere so they can play real money games anywhere on the ship. Regent Seven Seas Cruises [(RSSC) formerly Radisson SSC] was founded in 1990. It is a luxury cruise line company offering an all-inclusive experience. Regent was a sister company of Oceania Cruises . The parent company, Prestige Cruise Holdings was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Lines in 2014. Regent Seven Seas Cruises' current fleet comprises 4 ships ranging from 28,550 gross tons to 54,000 GT. The largest ship to date is Seven Seas Explorer built in 2016 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri of Sestri Ponente, Genova.  Fincantieri has also been commissioned to delivers the 55k GT Seven Seas Splendor in early 2020. All vessels are currently Bahamian-flagged. The fleet's casino ships sail out of Sydney, Australia; the Port of Miami in the US, and Kavala, Greece. In early 2017 the parent company announced that a new Port of Miami terminal was under development for completion prior to 2020. All of the casinos in the fleet share in the Norwegian Cruise Lines Casinos At Sea rewards program. The rewards program has five tiers with the top three sharing a host of benefits including cruise suite discounts and convenience fee waivers. First-tier and all other players will enjoy promotional offers, pint redemtions for free play, and the ability t transfer points from ship to ship. Second tier members also receive special birthday offers. Point redemption for free play is easy. Slots and video poker players can cash in right at the machine they are playing at any time or do as table players do and redeem points at the casino cage. Casino credit is available to all players with an existing reservation. Please make arrangements at least 30 days in advance of your voyage. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check will be required on board to activate the line. The Casino on Seven Seas Mariner sailing out of Greece is located on Deck 7. The gaming facilities are open daily when territorial border limits do not restrict operations.  Blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and slot machines are available for play. Adult Entertainment beyond the casino floor includes a show lounge in the style of a Parisian cabaret with musical productions staged by experienced Broadway pros. The Connoisseur Club is a special hideaway where fine cognac and imported cigars are enjoyed by shipmates engaging in friendly conversation while they enjoy the finer things in life. Royal Caribbean International is a Miami-based cruise line brand owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. The company was founded in Norway in 1968 and has over 20 ships in operation as well as a future fleet that will bring that number to 30. You might be wondering: "How many of the oceangoing vessels have casinos?" Good news for seafaring gamblers! Royal Caribbean has outfitted their entire current fleet with onboard casinos! Some are a little bigger than others, and some have more game variety, but they all have lots of slots and plenty of table game action. Sailing out of England? Consider booking the Navigator of the Seas ; From Barcelona, Vision; Shanghai? Quantum of the Seas ; Hong Kong, Voyager. Most of the other cruises depart from the U.S . and Puerto Rico . All of the casinos offer thousands of square feet of Vegas-style action under the lights with video slots, video poker, table games, and tournaments. Some of the table games you can expect to find on your Royal Caribbean cruise are: Single Deck Blackjack Roulette Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'Em Let It Ride Three Card Poker Blackjack with Side Bets like Lucky Ladies Walking up to a high stakes blackjack table and sitting down with a stack of chips in front of you can seem intimidating to casual players and those who may need to brush up a little on their game. Royal Caribbean has you covered! During the day, your hosts will be glad to teach you the ins and outs of any game from roulette to baccarat. Once you get your "sea legs" for the game you can join a tournament where everyone has a chance to progress to the grand finale without risking stacks of your hard earned cash along the way. If you want to win big prizes with more help from Lady Luck than your own gambling experience, try a Slot Tournament. Simply go to the Casino Cash Desk when the casino is open to enroll in a qualifying tournament. Even Beginner's Luck can help you grab a chunk of the $50,000 prize pool! This might seem crazy: Poker players can qualify for the Royal Poker Tournament throughout the year. Winners are eligible for entry into the finals with a chance to win part of the $100,000 Royal Poker Prize Pool! Don't forget, you may be eligible for a free cruise vacation for two along the way. What Else Can I Look Forward To? Visit the Royal Caribbean Casino Cruise Experience to learn more about... Casino Promotions Club Royal Events Casino Rewards Program Casino Credit Win/Loss Statements Wire Transfer Instructions If you have questions now you can contact the Casino Call Center at (888) 561-2234. Seabourn Cruise Line offers casino gaming on all five of its luxury liner cruise ships. The company was founded in 1986 in Norway. Carnival Corp began purchasing shares in 1991 and completed ownership in 2001. The company moved its Miami headquarters to Seattle, Washington in 2011 to join Holland America Line . With home ports in the U.S., Argentina, and Singapore the company's five luxury casino cruise ships are... Seabourn Ovation Seabourn Encore Seabourn Quest Seabourn Odyssey Seabourn Sojourn You might be asking yourself: Should I book a Seabourn Cruise for gambling? The answer to that is simple. It depends on what you are looking for in a casino cruise... 1) How long do I want to be on the ship? 2) How much time will I spend in the casino? 3) Do I want a Las Vegas on the seas experience? 4) Would I be happy with a few slot machines and occasional table action? 5) Can I afford a Seabourn casino cruise? We'll help you answer those questions and more by sharing some things we know about the Seabourn Difference . Seabourn offers Caribbean cruises as short as seven days. They also offer mid-length ventures and journeys up to 100 days. Shore excursions are available on some cruises. The casinos onboard the ships are all on Deck 5 near the aft deck. They are small by most land casino standards with less than two dozen slots and video poker machines and 3 or 4 gaming tables. The gaming areas are located fore of The Club and near the Club Bar. Men and women's restrooms are adjacent to the gaming areas. The gaming areas are well appointed and well kept. They simply aren't large enough to provide a Las Vegas-style experience when you aren't actually gambling. Table games include Blackjack , Roulette , and Poker . Seabourn is a luxury cruise liner... Expect to pay top price for your cruise Formal nights are optional so you could save on wardrobe costs Prices are all-inclusive so your drinks are paid for Gourmands will especially appreciate Restaurant 2 Now that you know more about gambling at sea with Seabourn, you can sign up for special offers or explore the video gallery and choose a destination in the Caribbean, Mediterranian, Asia, or plan a Transatlantic cruise ! Expect to meet others onboard who are: Older, financially secure, well-dressed. Silversea Cruises is a mid-level luxury cruise line established in 1994 by the Lefebvre family of Rome, Italy. The company is headquartered in Monaco and owned in the majority (67%) by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd . The company's current fleet comprises nine vessels. The largest and newest ship is Silver Muse at 40,700 gross tons and capacity for nearly 600 passengers. Six of the ships are over sixteen tons and three are clippers in the company's Expedition fleet. Seafaring gamblers will find casinos aboard: Silver Cloud Silver Wind Silver Shadow Silver Whisper Silver Spirit (Refurbished/expanded March 2018) Silver Muse (Launched 2017) There are no gaming facilities on the smaller expedition class ships. You might be wondering... What are the best cruises for gambling? Really, any cruise anywhere in the world under 7 days is best. Why? The longer cruises tend to attract older vacationers who go to bed early. If you like the casino all to yourself, a longer cruise may be best. All of the ships with gaming offer Blackjack, Roulette, and slots. The two newer and larger ships have roomier, more opulent casino gaming areas with plenty of action. The smallest casino is on Silversea Wind with nine gaming machines and four tables. You can click the following link to view the casino aboard Silver Shadow . True luxury at mid-class prices: All inclusive pricing makes a Silverseas cruise an easy decision. You'll find most of your cruise mates are couples and the younger more upwardly mobile families have opted for a Carnival or Royal Caribbean cruise. Enjoy: All-Inclusive experience (gratuities included in fare) Fine dining (diverse cuisine, open seating, 24 hours) Private veranda (855 of suites) Very personalized service (Butler service in every suite) Champagne, wine, and spirits (anywhere on the ship including in-suite) Entertainment Complimentary transportation (in most port towns) Spa and fitness facilities If I run out of cash can I get an advance for the casino or shore excursions? Cash advances are limited to $1,000 per voyage per suite. Onboard cash advance services incur a 2% fee. Onboard credit cannot be used in the casino. Can I gamble online? Silversea offers unlimited free Wi-Fi. There are no known restrictions on personal usage. Your suite status will determine a premium or standard Wi-Fi package. If unsure of local laws, please wait until you are 12 miles out to sea before you gambling online . Where can I find out more? You can check out the individual casino cruises by clicking a link below. Contact information is also available on the profile pages. You can also visit SILVERSEA to find exclusive offers, request a quote or brochure, or book your cruise vacation now! Victory Casino Cruises has been running out of Port Canaveral, Florida since 2011. If you are looking for a 'cruise to nowhere' this might be your best bet. The Victory I first set sail in 1972 and was refurbished before Victory launched their casino cruise. If you've ever been on a gambling ship, as opposed to a luxury cruise liner with a casino... You might ask: "I thought gambling was a monopoly in Florida. How do they do it?" Yes, most of the slots and table games are in the Seminole Tribe's Hard Rock casinos . You can find poker and a few other games like poker at Florida racetracks and jai alai frontons. Once the ship enters international waters, Florida gambling laws no longer apply. The 3-mile journey usually takes about 30 minutes - then the games are on! #1 Florida Casino Cruise? Judging by the reviews on TripAdvisor , most people are extremely satisfied with their Victory Casino Cruise experiences. Those who weren't might not have known what to expect. This is a gambling ship You'll be out to sea for 5-6 hours People smoke outside, so you might smell it You might say: "Okay, I get it. But what about the casino... is it a real casino?" Oh yeah! It's a real casino alright. There are over 600 slots so there should always be some open. On a busy cruise, they'll open up to 100 gaming tables. That puts it on par with most Downtown Las Vegas properties and quite a few on the Strip. Here's what you can play... Slots Blackjack $5-$500 - dealer stands all 17's - BJ pays 3:2 Craps Roulette EZ Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'em Mississippi Stud Three Card Poker Let It Ride Bingo Only Legal Sportsbook in Florida!!! Read on for more about the boat and what's on it... Four decks are available on the 2,137 GT, 368-foot gambling ship built at the Bellinger Shipyard, Jacksonville FL in 1972. Deck 1 - Sportsbook Lounge, Atlantic Cafe Deck 2 - High-limit slots, Table games Deck 3 - Slots atrium Deck 4 - Big Norm's Club V, Outside deck Dolphin Bar Big Norm's Club V is open 7 days a week. On weekends it turns into more of a nightclub with DJ's, internationally and locally renowned musicians. Where to learn more about Victory Casino Cruise Location Captain's Weather Blog Transportation Windstar Cruises is a luxury cruise line established in 1984. Based in Seattle, Washington the company's fleet comprises 6 yachts with capacities ranging from 148 to 310 guests. The line is owned by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Inc., whose parent company is The Anschutz Corporation. Former owners include Holland America Line . All six ships offer casino gambling . So... Other than offering luxury yachts, what sets Windstar apart? For the answer to that, let's look at the company's flagship vessel, The Wind Star . In service since 1986, the Wind Star features a spa, a Signature shop, library, veranda, watersports platform, whirlpool, pool bar, gourmet restaurant/lounge, a casino, and Windstar's Open Bridge Policy. When the weather is good... The Captain will welcome you to the bridge No reservations needed Shop with the chefs at foreign markets Sample the local fare and help pick out: produce spices herbs local treats Enjoy the next moveable feast onboard! Watersports Platform snorkeling paddle boarding swimming sailing water skiing windsurfing kayaking The Rest of the Fleet Wind Spirit (most popular casino ship) Wind Surf (the largest, formerly Club Med 1) Star Pride (formerly Seabourn Pride) Star Breeze (formerly Seabourn Breeze) Star Legend (formerly Seabourn Legend) Okay, now, some gambling details Age to Play: 21 While we're talking about age... This line is not recommended for families with children except for older teens. Very few organized activities. Sightseeing and adult socializing are key cruise features. Games: Blackjack, roulette, slots , poker The ships have a mix of gaming opportunities. Expect all on larger ships like Wind Surf. Table Minimum : $5 Slots: Multidenominational Onboard Credit: Arrange prior to departure for best success Smoking: Not allowed in the casino - only  in designated smoking areas on outside decks Learn more about what makes Windstar different Learn more about Windstar Policies - Read the FAQ Additional gambling opportunities on a Windstar Cruise If you want to take a shore excursion and include a casino night... Choose a destination or cruise with a layover to Monte Carlo ! Please keep in mind that all casinos in Monaco require men to wear a jacket and tie. Top Destinations: Asia Caribbean Costa Rica/Panama Cana Mediterranean Mexico How do I get there? Visit Windstar Cruises to find a cruise, plan your journey, look for specials, or dream about the yachts ! Seafaring gamblers in the Nordic region, especially the northern parts of the Baltic Sea, have been enjoying the gambling services of Paf on Tallink and Silja line cruises for over three decades. The Åland-based service provider's contract is up for renewal at five year periods with 2023 on the horizon fore or aft. Onboard games include popular slots, bingo, poker, table and card games, lotteries, and sports betting. Departure points for gambling cruises include Stockholm in Sweden along with Helsinki and Turku in Finland. The Baltic Princess sails out of Stockholm twice each day and offers full family entertainment and escape with a well-staffed Siljaland playroom for the kids. It's one of the newest ships on the Baltic and offers no-limit Texas Hold'em tournaments and daily live entertainment. Cruise ferry Galaxy offers 927 cabins over 12 decks, several restaurants and bars, as well as a kids zone. The onboard casino has slots, roulette, and blackjack tables. This vessel is often used for business meetings as the modern 450 conference center attracts the business class as well as weddings and family parties and gatherings. The sauna department is highly rated. The Silja Symphony departs from Stockholm and is an older ship launched in 1991. A favorite of many seeking a break, this is a unique vessel. The heart of the ship features a pedestrian streetwalk down the Promenade with top-tier restaurants, cafes, and a variety of shops on either side. The casino is located in the bow of the ship on Deck 7 where you'll find roulette, poker and slot machines. Silja Serenade Cruise Ship sails out of Helsinki and is perhaps the premier gambling ship in the fleet. There are ten classes of cabins and suites from the special cabins designed to accommodate people with special needs and those who are traveling with a pet or have allergies to the Executive Suite on Deck 11 with 75m2 of luxurious space and featuring its own sauna. Paf has recently upgraded the manual payment system in its casinos on the Tallink & Silja Line, replacing coins with tickets - adding another level of convenience and comfort for adventurers. AS Tallink Grupp services nearly 10 million passengers each year on its 14 consumer vessels. Paf also operates the casino aboard Casino Sunborn in Gibraltar , a 5-star superyacht, and the Paf Casino on Åland with more than 1,500 slot machines and 55 gaming tables in operation. Big M Gaming LLC operates two gambling cruise ships out of Little River, SC in the United States; Big "M" Casino Ship I and Big "M" Casino Ship II . The seaside of Little River is better known as Myrtle Beach. It is situated next to the South/North Carolina border and has been continuously inhabited since the first trading post was established in the 1700's. Big M offers 5-hour gambling cruises with a set-price all you can eat buffet and is very popular in the region. There are no land casinos in the state. The closest terrestrial casino is Harrah's Cherokee nearly 6 hours away in North Carolina. Due to strict gambling laws in the state, the only way to play blackjack or slots legally is to go out to sea. Gaming is only allowed after you are at least 3 miles away from shore but the ships may travel as far as 15 miles out. It takes about 45 minutes to reach international waters. The minimum age to board either ship is 21. Smoking is only allowed on the main deck casino during gaming hours. Both ships also offer smoke-free gaming decks with slot machines. Both ships offer Las Vegas-style gambling. Only Ship I has Texas Hold ’em poker. Both casinos host slots, roulette, craps, Let it Ride, 3-card poker and other specialty games. Both ships are well maintained and kept clean, although we wouldn't go so far as to refer to them as ' luxury yachts ' as the company does, they are nicely appointed and there is plenty of room to move around. The ships are rarely, if ever, out to sea at the same time so if you have a preference (outer deck smoking, prime rib or seafood buffets, etc.), it's always a good idea to call ahead or visit the website for a schedule and current prices. The water can get a bit rough any time of the year and the outings occur every month. Some people will choose to eat on the way out, others on the way back to port, and others may not eat at all. The price of the buffet is not included in boarding fees. The buffet deck is not handicap accessible but staff will gladly bring food to the main deck and set up a comfortable dining space for those who can't reach the restaurant. Sandwiches are available on the top deck throughout the cruise. BUffet prices are reasonable. Beer, wine, and well drinks are about the same price as you'll find in the town of Little River . Carnival Cruise Line offers casino gaming on over two dozen ships departing from the U.S. and other ports from Honolulu, Hawaii, and Miami, to Barcelona, Spain .  While the gaming centers may have different names from vessel to vessel, most are fairly generic capitalizing on formulas the cruise giant has developed over the years. Your Sail & Sign card also doubles as Carnival Players Club card at all of the casinos. The Ocean Players Club covers you on any Carnival Casino cruise, Ibero Cruceros, P&O Cruises, Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, Holland America, Cunard, Seabourn, and Princess Cruises. Carnival ships are family ships, so there's always a safe and healthy place for the kids to play while mom and dad head out for a little Las Vegas-style action during their escape to sea. Most Carnival casinos allow passengers 18 years of age and older to enter and play in the casinos. Common among most of the gaming decks are optional casino tournaments featuring slots, poker, and blackjack . The cost of tournaments change from time to time, ship to ship, and game to game but the payouts for winning on sheer luck can pay for the trip and more. Slots are the biggest draw with games from top developers and providers such as Aruze, Bally, and IGT. The Sphinx 3D™ by IGT gives players all the thrills they would ever expect in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. But if you want a dealer or croupier to get to know you by name you'll have to go to the table. Most of the blackjack tables have low buy-ins but if enough high rollers want a game your Carnival casino host will probably accommodate the request. You're not likely to find single-deck action but there are plenty of variations on the basic theme to keep most players happy including Face-Up 21, Fun 21, and classic blackjack. Most ships offer poker tournaments or at least a table or two for poker players. The electronic PokerPro tables might take some players a couple of minutes to get used to - just cup your hands around the display of face-down cards to see them revealed. If you're a poker junky and on a vessel with  Ocean Medallion technology, you can play 24/7 on your mobile device even if the tables floor tables are closed. Slots , bingo, and roulette are also available on some cruises. Players won't find free drinks coming around every few minutes like they do in Las Vegas, and you'll have to be at least 21 to order a partake, but Carnival offers double the comps for gameplay compared to other cruise lines. This means that your casino points add up to free beer, wine, and cocktails or even non-alcoholic drinks if you prefer. For the not-so-serious gamblers, there are also prize games - some require skill, and all require luck. Win a stack of greenbacks on the Cash Cube or try your hand at picking up pricey electronics and other prizes on a claw machine. Celebrity Cruises offer a single brand of casino experience across the fleet of gaming equipped vessels. Every Celebrity cruise ship except the Expedition has a Fortune Casino onboard. All ships offer blackjack, roulette, poker, craps, and a wide range of slot machines.  For guests on the Celebrity Solstice sailing out of Sydney, and several other cruises, baccarat (punto banco) is also available upon request. Since the casinos don't open for play until the cruise is in international waters, most gambling laws do not apply. Guests only need to be 18 years old to play, except for the Alaska Cruise which requires guests to be 21 or older.  No matter where the ship is, you need to be 21 to drink. Smoking is not allowed in any Fortunes Casino but all ships have designated outdoor smoking areas. Celebrity Cruises belongs to the International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) and adheres to council guidelines on gambling entertainment. All facilities and equipment meet regulatory standards equal to Nevada or other licensed jurisdictions for payback percentages ad internal software; abide by rules of play equal to Nevada, New Jersey or England, and all gambling operations are audited by Celebrity's internal audit department on a regular basis, among other controls. Fortunes Casino partners with MGM, so if you remember to use your player's club card you can earn comps and perks at land-based casinos while you are out at sea! All loyalty tiers can redeem points for free casino play. There are 5 tiers and players in the top 3 tiers receive anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars in free play each time they sail. There are now more than 20 perks and benefits associated with Blue Chip Club membership. Passengers will always find excellent dining and lounge options on Celebrity casino cruises as well as entertainment. Among the best-outfitted vessels for casino gaming players will find about 275 slot machines. Celebrity Millenium sailing out of Hong Kong, Infinity, Summit, and Constellation offer around 190 machines each, about a dozen mixed Las Vegas-style table games, and 1 electronic Pokermate Texas Hold 'Em table. Celebrity Reflection sailing out of Chile and Brazil, Equinox, Eclipse, Silhouette, and  Solstice each have more than a dozen tables with 2 poker tables each and baccarat upon request. All Fortune Casinos offer at least one single-deck blackjack table. Slots start at $0.01, they include reel slots and video bonus games. Video poker machines are included in the slot machines count. People who take the seas to gamble in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe know the Costa Cruises experience, or as the line is called in its native Italy, Costa Crociere. Vessels with onboard casinos include those sailing out of Marina Bay, Singapore ; Tianjin, China; Dubai, UAE; Port Louis, Mauritius; Mumbai, India and Savona, Italy . Starting out with cargo ships in 1854, the company started commercial activities from about 1924 until the first passenger services were begun in 1947 with regular services to South America. The then family-owned company eventually converted their fleet to cruising and became one of the largest operators in Europe before selling to Carnival in the year 2000. The Carnival family of companies now comprises  Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Crociere, Cunard Line, Holland America, Seabourn Cruise Lines, and Windstar Cruises with Costa accounting for about 16% of the parent company's revenue. Costa Cruises brand currently operates six casino ships and 8 vessels without gaming facilities. All sail under the Italian flag in the waters of the Caribbean, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia, and South America. None of the casino spaces are huge by international standards but all are well appointed and offer tables and slots. The Mediterranea , sailing out of Savona in Italy, offers the most slots with over 140 machines, while the Atlantica , departing from Tianjin, China offers the most table games with a count of 21. The table game selection varies by ship but you will usually find blackjack, roulette, and poker, as well as craps on some vessels. All of the vessels offer fine dining, recreation, entertainment, shopping, sport, and wellness facilities including spas. Some of the ships without casino feature 4D Cinema as part of the kids' package of family fun. Some of the amenities found on Costa Cruises Fortuna, sailing out of Port Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates include a theater, library, art gallery, cognac bar and a cigar bar. Dining ranges from casual to fine dining on all vessels with 7-Michelin starred chef's tending to your needs on some. For those who smoke and those who prefer not to be exposed, all cabins and public rooms are smoke-free. There are designated spaces on open decks for smokers and you can smoke on your private cabin balcony - and of course, in the Cigar Bar. e-cigarettes are in your cabin as well. neoClassica and neoRomantica sail out of Mumbai, India and Port Louis, Mauritius respectively and offer a good variety of gaming. Crystal Cruises is an American luxury liner with two casino outfitted ships as of 2018. Formerly owned and operated by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) with Caesars Casinos onboard, the line was sold to Genting Hong Kong in 2015. The casinos were rebranded as Resorts World casinos after Genting's other land-based casino brand. The subsidiary was also renamed to Crystal, Ltd and maintains headquarters in Los Angeles, California, and Miami, Florida. Additional luxury brands in service or under development include Crystal River Cruises, Crystal Yacht Expedition Cruises, Crystal Luxury Air and Crystal AirCruises. Crystal Cruises is currently the only division to offer full-service onboard casino amenities. Both the Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity were scheduled for major makeovers upon acquisition. In October 2017 the Symphony emerged from a multimillion-dollar renovation with luxury suites and penthouses in addition to more standard accommodations. The 50,000-ton vessel formerly accommodated 1,000 passengers but now offers more space and luxury to just 848 guests over eight decks. The new deck configuration for Serenity unveiled in November 2018. The Serenity offers 9 decks including the uppermost Sun Deck with elevator service. In addition to a large social area, vacationers will find paddle tennis courts, a sliding glass roof that can retract and let air as well as light into the Trident area, a weight room, spa, and salon. Like the Symphony, the 4,500 sq ft casino is found on the second level Tiffany Deck. Games offered include Blackjack , Roulette, Slot machines, Bingo, Mini-Baccarat, Texas Hold'em, and Three Card Poker. In addition to open floor casino space and VIP rooms, a luxury showroom and stage is fore - with an atrium, retail outlets, a Hollywood Theater, bistro, photo gallery, nightclub, connoisseur club (smoking lounge), saloon, and dance club with a stage - all aft of the casino. Look for Umi Uma & Sushi Bar on Serenity from November 2018 - Chef Nobu Matsuhisa's only Nobu at sea. All chefs have been personally trained by the master himself. Additional fine dining sees Prego bring the flavors of Italy to the Serenity. Every day dining is also available in the Crystal Dining Room with signature menus focused on two choices - one classic, the other, modern. Crystal Cove is a luxury cognac bar featuring Rémy Martin Louis XIII at the top end as well as wines, liqueurs, tequila, and grappa. The Penthouse Suites at 982 square feet (91.23 sqm) offer verandahs as do some staterooms, Other staterooms feature large picture windows. Elevator service is provided to all decks. The ships' ports of call are Philipsburg, Sint Maarten and the Port of Anchorage in Anchorage, Alaska. Cunard Line has been operated by Carnival since 1998, but the company has a rich and illustrious history dating back to 1839. Starting out with Britain's first transatlantic steamship mail contract, there are now three vessels in operation offering Northern European, Mediterranean, Transatlantic, Caribbean, and World Cruises. The fleet currently consists of the ocean liner Queen Mary 2 , and cruise ships Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria . A 4th vessel is slated for operation n 2022. There is a casino on board each Cunard ship. However, not all cruises offer gambling as the Empire Casinos do not open during voyages without foreign ports of call on the itinerary. Vessels stopping in Dublin, Cobh, St Peters Port and all foreign country ports will sail outside of UK territorial waters (12 miles/45 minutes) and the casinos will be opened while outside of the UKGC's jurisdiction. Queen Mary 2 offers Roulette, Blackjack, Three card poker, and Heads up Texas Hold'em - a house-banked casino game played against the dealer - as well as about 100 slot machines. There are 9 gaming tables in total aboard QM2. As mention, the casino opens about 45 minutes after leaving port. Once out to sea, slots machines are available for play beginning at 10am. Tables are open from 11am until 5pm, and then again from 7:30pm until close. Closing time is at the discretion of the casino manager. Queen Elizabeth offers about 45 slot machines and 5 gaming tables. Available table games include Roulette, Blackjack, Three Card Poker, and Fun 21. Queen Victoria features about 45 slots and the same mix of games spread over 5 tables as are found on Queen Elizabeth. Table limits on all ships vary from $3 - $25 minimums with maximum bets ranging from $100 - $500. Reels slots, video slots, and video poker machines are multi-denominational with 'coin' sizes ranging from a penny to $5. All machines are coinless. Deposits are accepted in notes or via cruise cards. Cashouts are done to your card. Cash and cards are accepted at the tables to purchase chips. A credit card must be registered at the front desk in order to use your cruise card for gambling. "Onboard spending money" is not accepted for chip purchases. Complimentary gaming lessons are available during the day for those who may not be familiar with the rules or practices of certain games. Glory Sea is the first cruise ship launched by Diamond Cruise International Co. The ship is a luxury liner with an ever-changing itinerary that has included short cruises sailing from China's Shanghai port 2016-2017, and a 10-month charter with roundtrip cruises from Sokcho, South Korea which began in November 2017. Some destinations included Japan and Vladivostok , Russia, Vietnam’s Ha Long Bay from China’s “Coconut City,” Haikou, along with Da Nang and Nha Trang, as well as Manila and Boracay in the Philippines. Upon launch, the onboard VIP casino was operated by Century Casinos, Inc. , which also operates casinos aboard ships owned by TUI Cruises, Thomson Cruises, and Windstar Cruises. Immediately prior to its acquisition by Diamond Cruise parent company, Suzhou Taihu International Travel Agency, the vessel was known as Celestyal Odyssey and help a slightly smaller casino on the 6th deck. After the 2016 refurbishment, the Century casino offered 16 table games with a VIP room, and 40 gaming machines. Games offered include blackjack, roulette, 3 Card Poker, Sic Bo, baccarat and video slots. Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines is owned by a Norwegian company, Bonheur and Ganger Rolf, part of the Fred. Olsen Group. Company headquarters are located in Ipswich, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom. The company was started in 1848 by three brothers who embarked on a business of international shipping. Still, a family company, five generations of Olsens have participated in the venture as well as several other sectors from shipbuilding to electronics. There are five ships in the current fleet including the Brabant, Fred Olsens's first river cruise. All of the ships offer gaming opportunities, but the voyages are not usually undertaken with a primary focus on gambling. Each vessel has two gaming tables - one for blackjack and another for roulette. Many experienced passengers report that the tables are not open on every voyage. However, gambling is an advertised service and a croupier will most likely open a table upon request if it is not already in action. Guests will need to be at least 18 years of age to play. Only cash (Pounds Sterling) is accepted at the tables and bets cannot be charged to your room account. The Oceangoing ships are Black Watch ,  Braemar, Boudicca , and Balmoral. Onboard, passengers will find restaurants and fine dining, bars and lounges, relaxation and fitness and plenty of entertainment and fun activities which vary from sailing to sailing. Be sure to ask about the Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs), a great way to explore! The Genting Hongkong is a Corosration who owns and operate one of the leading global leisure, entertainment and other businesses. One of the major businesses of Genting Hongkong are Resorts World Manila whom opened last August 29, 2009 together with three big luxurious Hotels such us Maxims Hotel, Remington Hotel and Mariott Hotel . Another Property of Genting are Star Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Line whos offering cruise shipping to over 200 destinations all over the world and with 39,000 lower berths approximately. Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. operates the Emerald Princess Casino out of Brunswick, Georgia in the United States. The departure and return location is about halfway between Savannah, GA, and Jacksonville, FL. Out to sea, are St. Simons Island, Sea Island, Jekyll Island, Little St. Simons Island. The ship is rather small at 200 feet so passengers who have issues with motion sickness may want to use an appropriate medication or another method to deal with it. Two of the ship's four decks are devoted to gambling. Smoking is allowed on both levels but never on the third level Bistro Deck. The fourth deck is an open-air observation deck. Guests must be 18 or older to board and gamble and must be at least 21 years of age to drink alcohol. Gambling opportunities are few and far between for many people in the state, so the cruise operator is highly appreciated by most. Holland America Line was founded in the late 1800s as the Netherlands-America Steamship Company. The company's first vacation cruise was offered in 1895. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA, since 1989, it is now part of Carnival Corporation . The line currently comprises about 15 ships, all with casinos onboard. One of the company's greatest legacies is their part in helping to settle America by transporting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to the New World. The fleet consists of mid-sized ships with the smallest, an 'elegant explorer', the Prinsendam slated for retirement in 2019 and new vessels being commissioned in the Pinnacle Class like the MS Koningsdam, Nieuw Statendam , and Nieuw Ryndam with 12 decks and passenger complements of 2,650. Nieuw Ryndam is expected to be brought into service before the end of 2021. Casino hours vary from ship to ship. The minimum gambling age in international waters is 18 with the exception of Alaska Cruises where guests must be 21 or older. Blackjack, roulette, three card poker, and slots are found on most ships. Craps are available on some ships. The casinos are all well arranged and well maintained. Roulette can be found with $1 minimums in some cases, otherwise, most table games start at $5. Slots denominations range from a penny to $5 machines, Be sure to check the video poker paytables before getting too carried away. Depending on the cruise, bingo prizes can range from $2,000 to $100,000. All feature slots and blackjack tournaments. Whether you are sailing out of a US eastern or western port, Kowloon , Saint George's or Sydney , HAL offers a great gaming experience along with a stately cruise full of entertainment possibilities. Restaurants and fine dining, nightly entertainment, bars and lounges, diverse onboard activities like cooking workshops, wine tasting, and BBC Earth Experiences on board are just the tip of the mountain of fun that awaits on a Holland America Line cruise anywhere in the world. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD. was first known as Norwegian Caribbean Line when launched in 1966. Through a series of mergers, decouplings, acquisitions and investments the NYSE-listed company based in Florida is now owned in the minority by private equity companies as well as Genting Group which holds an 11.1% stake. The NCL holding company also owns Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises through a 2014 acquisition of parent company, Prestige Cruises International, Inc. Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL) offers informal casino cruises with no structured time for meals and some other activities and no need to dress formally at mealtime. For family travelers, Norwegian Escape, Breakaway, Getaway, and Epic offer the most 'kid friendly' cruises. All 15 of the ships, including Pride of America, the only US-flagged vessel in the fleet, offer gambling once the ships leave territorial waters. Game variety varies from ship to ship but a sampling of available games includes slots, blackjack and 21 variants, craps, roulette, three card poker, let it ride, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, baccarat, Pai Gow poker, and Texas Hold'em poker. Some of the blackjack variants include a Lucky Ladies side bet with a $5,000 jackpot. Lucky Ladies is available on all ships. All ships except Epic, Breakaway, and Getaway offer a Wheel of Madness side bet on the game. The optional bet can range from $1 to $10. When a player with a stake on the wheel is dealt a natural Blackjack they'll get a spin on the wheel to determine their side bet multiplier. The top prize is $5,000. For those who enjoy sailing on small city-size ships, Norwegian has added a third vessel to its Breakaway-Plus series with the launch of the 168,028-ton, 1,082-foot-long,  20-deck, 4,004 passenger Norwegian Bliss in 2018. She joins Escape and Joy in the class. Those ships launched in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cruise line is very popular and consistently adds to its fleet. There are 7 new additions to the fleet slated for release between 2019 and 2027. The five most recent debuts include Norwegian Bliss (2018), Joy (2017) Escape (2015), Getaway (2014), and Breakaway (2013). So far, Norwegian Bliss is the most innovative casino ship in the fleet with over 300 pokies (slots and video poker) and 25 gaming tables. Across the fleet, poker players register well ahead of time for the Norwegian Cruise Line Poker Challenge (NCLPC). The field is expected to surpass 400 participants soon. Oceania Cruises launched their first ship in 2002 and currently has a fleet of six ships. All of them offer gambling facilities. Founded by a team of cruise industry veterans, the company was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD in 2014 along with a sister company, Regent Seven Seas Cruises . Norwegian (NCL) is headquartered in Florida. All of Oceania's vessels fly the flag of the Marshall Islands. There are 4 ships in the Regatta class, all were built in 1998, 1999, or 2000. The MS Regatta was launched in 2003 and last refurbished in 2014. The most recent launch in the class was the 30,277 ton, 343 cabin, MS Sirena . The former Ocean Princess underwent a $40 million refurbishment in France and launched in 2016. Two brand new Oceania class ships were commissioned from Italian builder Fincantieri and are the first two new builds for the company. MS Marina , at 66,084 tons can hold 1,250 passengers and 580 of the 625 suites and cabins have private verandas. Marina launched in 2011. Her sister ship, which launched in 2012, is the MS Riviera . Two-week-long cruises are the norm for Oceania but they are most well known for much longer tours such as "Around the World in 180 Days" voyages and others lasting up to 195 days. The 6-month world cruises began in 2015. Bookings for the 180-Day World Cruises are taken up to two years in advance. The casinos are rather small in relation to the overall ship size on some vessels, mainly due to the extended times at sea. However, they are also a favorite attraction of many oceanfarers. The gambling spaces are well designed and stylish and offer table limits for all levels of players. The gaming machines include reel and video slots and video poker machines. Key card wagering makes the slots cashless. Casino credit is available to qualified guests and should be arranged one-month prior to departure. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check is required when you board the vessel in order to activate a credit line. All gaming is in USD and Euros can be exchanged on board. All play is tracked and rewarded through the Casinos at Sea rewards program which has 5 tiers. Points can be transfered from ship to ship and slot players can redeem rewards at any time onscreen while playing any game. P&O Cruises is the oldest cruise line in the world. The original company was founded in 1837 and the first passenger cruises from Southampton were offered in 1844. A series of de-mergers and mergers beginning in 2000 culminated in a merger with Carnival Corporation in 2003. The company operates seven cruise ships including Britannia which launched in early 2015. Two more large vessels are planned for launch in 2020 and 2020. All ships offer casino gaming once entering international waters. Table games, slot machines, bingo, scratch cards, and video horse racing are all offered. Roulette, blackjack, and three card poker are offered on all ships. Three of the casinos also offer Fun 21. If you don't see the game when aboard the Arcadia and there is an empty blackjack table, ask your host to flip the table as the Fun 21 felt is just underneath. Purchase your chips from the dealer with cash or your cruise card. All winnings are cashed out onto your cruise card. Slot machines all operate on a coinless system. To play, simply insert your cruise card or cash notes. Bingo offers five cash prizes each full day out to sea. There's also a jackpot that grows with nearly every game and must be won by the conclusion of the cruise. Scratch cards have prizes up to £20,000 and can be purchased at the casino desk. Video horse racing is presented on big screens. Arcadia features 4 tables and a variety of slots on the F deck. Aurora's casino is located on the Prom deck and features 4 tables and slots. Head to the F deck on Azura to find five tables offering three card poker, blackjack, roulette x2, and Fun 21. The casino on Britannia is deck 6 with 2 tables each offering blackjack, roulette, and three card poker. Oceana has five tables on D deck - Oriana offers 23 tables on the Prom deck, and there are five tables on F deck of Ventura. On sea days slots are open on all ships from 10 am until late with tables opening at noon. On port days, gaming doesn't start until the ship reaches international waters, which usually takes about 45 minutes. Opening times can vary by jurisdiction, but the demarcation point is usually 12 miles outside of port limits. Be sure to cash in your chips before leaving the ship. If you happen to forget, you can bring them along for your next voyage but may meet delays while the chips are authenticated. Princess Cruises launched their first Mexican Riviera cruise in 1965 but didn't become a household name known to people who vacation at sea until about a decade later when the company was acquired by P&O, who at the time was the world's largest oceanic shipper with more 300 vessels in operation. Baby boomers may recall Island Princess and Pacific Princess as the ships featured in the 1970s television series, The Love Boat. P&O spun off its passenger division in 2000, and it merged with Carnival in 2003. The combined company then featured 11 different brands of cruise ship companies. Princess, Carnival, and Holland America stopped requisitioning new ships during the 2008 economic downturn but added three new 3,600 passenger ships beginning with Royal Princess in 2013 and Regal Princess which entered service in 2014. A third Fincantieri-built ship, Majestic Princess launched in 2017. The entire current fleet flies the flag of Bermuda except for Royal, Majestic, Golden, Diamond, and Sapphire Princess which ships call the UK home. Three additional Bermuda-flagged Royal Class vessels are slated for launch in 2019, 2020, and 2022. Departure points for Princess Cruises include Vancouver, Canada , Brisbane, Rozelle, and Melbourne in Australia; Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and San Francisco in the US, as well as Marina Bay, Singapore ; Rome, Italy, and Piraeus in Greece. USA Today has awarded Princess the accolade of "Best cruise lines for Gamblers" and slots fans are frequently offered high return tournaments like the $200,000 Monopoly Cruise for Cash tournament. There are tournaments on every cruise so blackjack players and slots spinners have a chance to compete against their shipmates for cash prizes. Games vary from ship to ship but most voyagers will find traditional, video, and progressive jackpot slot machines as well as video poker. Table games can include heads-up Texas Hold ‘Em poker, and casino games like Caribbean Stud Poker, Three Card Poker and Let it Ride. Blackjack, dice, roulette, and other table games are available on most ships and you can even play bingo with ticket packages ranging from $10 to $30. A fairly new "class" of ships was introduced in 2017, known as the Ocean Medallion Class. These are 'the internet of things' ships with omnichannel connectivity to guests accounts from a medallion wristband. On ships appointed with the amenity, guests have access to the PlayOcean Casino and PlayOcean Everywhere so they can play real money games anywhere on the ship. Regent Seven Seas Cruises [(RSSC) formerly Radisson SSC] was founded in 1990. It is a luxury cruise line company offering an all-inclusive experience. Regent was a sister company of Oceania Cruises . The parent company, Prestige Cruise Holdings was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Lines in 2014. Regent Seven Seas Cruises' current fleet comprises 4 ships ranging from 28,550 gross tons to 54,000 GT. The largest ship to date is Seven Seas Explorer built in 2016 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri of Sestri Ponente, Genova.  Fincantieri has also been commissioned to delivers the 55k GT Seven Seas Splendor in early 2020. All vessels are currently Bahamian-flagged. The fleet's casino ships sail out of Sydney, Australia; the Port of Miami in the US, and Kavala, Greece. In early 2017 the parent company announced that a new Port of Miami terminal was under development for completion prior to 2020. All of the casinos in the fleet share in the Norwegian Cruise Lines Casinos At Sea rewards program. The rewards program has five tiers with the top three sharing a host of benefits including cruise suite discounts and convenience fee waivers. First-tier and all other players will enjoy promotional offers, pint redemtions for free play, and the ability t transfer points from ship to ship. Second tier members also receive special birthday offers. Point redemption for free play is easy. Slots and video poker players can cash in right at the machine they are playing at any time or do as table players do and redeem points at the casino cage. Casino credit is available to all players with an existing reservation. Please make arrangements at least 30 days in advance of your voyage. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check will be required on board to activate the line. The Casino on Seven Seas Mariner sailing out of Greece is located on Deck 7. The gaming facilities are open daily when territorial border limits do not restrict operations.  Blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and slot machines are available for play. Adult Entertainment beyond the casino floor includes a show lounge in the style of a Parisian cabaret with musical productions staged by experienced Broadway pros. The Connoisseur Club is a special hideaway where fine cognac and imported cigars are enjoyed by shipmates engaging in friendly conversation while they enjoy the finer things in life. Royal Caribbean International is a Miami-based cruise line brand owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. The company was founded in Norway in 1968 and has over 20 ships in operation as well as a future fleet that will bring that number to 30. You might be wondering: "How many of the oceangoing vessels have casinos?" Good news for seafaring gamblers! Royal Caribbean has outfitted their entire current fleet with onboard casinos! Some are a little bigger than others, and some have more game variety, but they all have lots of slots and plenty of table game action. Sailing out of England? Consider booking the Navigator of the Seas ; From Barcelona, Vision; Shanghai? Quantum of the Seas ; Hong Kong, Voyager. Most of the other cruises depart from the U.S . and Puerto Rico . All of the casinos offer thousands of square feet of Vegas-style action under the lights with video slots, video poker, table games, and tournaments. Some of the table games you can expect to find on your Royal Caribbean cruise are: Single Deck Blackjack Roulette Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'Em Let It Ride Three Card Poker Blackjack with Side Bets like Lucky Ladies Walking up to a high stakes blackjack table and sitting down with a stack of chips in front of you can seem intimidating to casual players and those who may need to brush up a little on their game. Royal Caribbean has you covered! During the day, your hosts will be glad to teach you the ins and outs of any game from roulette to baccarat. Once you get your "sea legs" for the game you can join a tournament where everyone has a chance to progress to the grand finale without risking stacks of your hard earned cash along the way. If you want to win big prizes with more help from Lady Luck than your own gambling experience, try a Slot Tournament. Simply go to the Casino Cash Desk when the casino is open to enroll in a qualifying tournament. Even Beginner's Luck can help you grab a chunk of the $50,000 prize pool! This might seem crazy: Poker players can qualify for the Royal Poker Tournament throughout the year. Winners are eligible for entry into the finals with a chance to win part of the $100,000 Royal Poker Prize Pool! Don't forget, you may be eligible for a free cruise vacation for two along the way. What Else Can I Look Forward To? Visit the Royal Caribbean Casino Cruise Experience to learn more about... Casino Promotions Club Royal Events Casino Rewards Program Casino Credit Win/Loss Statements Wire Transfer Instructions If you have questions now you can contact the Casino Call Center at (888) 561-2234. Seabourn Cruise Line offers casino gaming on all five of its luxury liner cruise ships. The company was founded in 1986 in Norway. Carnival Corp began purchasing shares in 1991 and completed ownership in 2001. The company moved its Miami headquarters to Seattle, Washington in 2011 to join Holland America Line . With home ports in the U.S., Argentina, and Singapore the company's five luxury casino cruise ships are... Seabourn Ovation Seabourn Encore Seabourn Quest Seabourn Odyssey Seabourn Sojourn You might be asking yourself: Should I book a Seabourn Cruise for gambling? The answer to that is simple. It depends on what you are looking for in a casino cruise... 1) How long do I want to be on the ship? 2) How much time will I spend in the casino? 3) Do I want a Las Vegas on the seas experience? 4) Would I be happy with a few slot machines and occasional table action? 5) Can I afford a Seabourn casino cruise? We'll help you answer those questions and more by sharing some things we know about the Seabourn Difference . Seabourn offers Caribbean cruises as short as seven days. They also offer mid-length ventures and journeys up to 100 days. Shore excursions are available on some cruises. The casinos onboard the ships are all on Deck 5 near the aft deck. They are small by most land casino standards with less than two dozen slots and video poker machines and 3 or 4 gaming tables. The gaming areas are located fore of The Club and near the Club Bar. Men and women's restrooms are adjacent to the gaming areas. The gaming areas are well appointed and well kept. They simply aren't large enough to provide a Las Vegas-style experience when you aren't actually gambling. Table games include Blackjack , Roulette , and Poker . Seabourn is a luxury cruise liner... Expect to pay top price for your cruise Formal nights are optional so you could save on wardrobe costs Prices are all-inclusive so your drinks are paid for Gourmands will especially appreciate Restaurant 2 Now that you know more about gambling at sea with Seabourn, you can sign up for special offers or explore the video gallery and choose a destination in the Caribbean, Mediterranian, Asia, or plan a Transatlantic cruise ! Expect to meet others onboard who are: Older, financially secure, well-dressed. Silversea Cruises is a mid-level luxury cruise line established in 1994 by the Lefebvre family of Rome, Italy. The company is headquartered in Monaco and owned in the majority (67%) by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd . The company's current fleet comprises nine vessels. The largest and newest ship is Silver Muse at 40,700 gross tons and capacity for nearly 600 passengers. Six of the ships are over sixteen tons and three are clippers in the company's Expedition fleet. Seafaring gamblers will find casinos aboard: Silver Cloud Silver Wind Silver Shadow Silver Whisper Silver Spirit (Refurbished/expanded March 2018) Silver Muse (Launched 2017) There are no gaming facilities on the smaller expedition class ships. You might be wondering... What are the best cruises for gambling? Really, any cruise anywhere in the world under 7 days is best. Why? The longer cruises tend to attract older vacationers who go to bed early. If you like the casino all to yourself, a longer cruise may be best. All of the ships with gaming offer Blackjack, Roulette, and slots. The two newer and larger ships have roomier, more opulent casino gaming areas with plenty of action. The smallest casino is on Silversea Wind with nine gaming machines and four tables. You can click the following link to view the casino aboard Silver Shadow . True luxury at mid-class prices: All inclusive pricing makes a Silverseas cruise an easy decision. You'll find most of your cruise mates are couples and the younger more upwardly mobile families have opted for a Carnival or Royal Caribbean cruise. Enjoy: All-Inclusive experience (gratuities included in fare) Fine dining (diverse cuisine, open seating, 24 hours) Private veranda (855 of suites) Very personalized service (Butler service in every suite) Champagne, wine, and spirits (anywhere on the ship including in-suite) Entertainment Complimentary transportation (in most port towns) Spa and fitness facilities If I run out of cash can I get an advance for the casino or shore excursions? Cash advances are limited to $1,000 per voyage per suite. Onboard cash advance services incur a 2% fee. Onboard credit cannot be used in the casino. Can I gamble online? Silversea offers unlimited free Wi-Fi. There are no known restrictions on personal usage. Your suite status will determine a premium or standard Wi-Fi package. If unsure of local laws, please wait until you are 12 miles out to sea before you gambling online . Where can I find out more? You can check out the individual casino cruises by clicking a link below. Contact information is also available on the profile pages. You can also visit SILVERSEA to find exclusive offers, request a quote or brochure, or book your cruise vacation now! Victory Casino Cruises has been running out of Port Canaveral, Florida since 2011. If you are looking for a 'cruise to nowhere' this might be your best bet. The Victory I first set sail in 1972 and was refurbished before Victory launched their casino cruise. If you've ever been on a gambling ship, as opposed to a luxury cruise liner with a casino... You might ask: "I thought gambling was a monopoly in Florida. How do they do it?" Yes, most of the slots and table games are in the Seminole Tribe's Hard Rock casinos . You can find poker and a few other games like poker at Florida racetracks and jai alai frontons. Once the ship enters international waters, Florida gambling laws no longer apply. The 3-mile journey usually takes about 30 minutes - then the games are on! #1 Florida Casino Cruise? Judging by the reviews on TripAdvisor , most people are extremely satisfied with their Victory Casino Cruise experiences. Those who weren't might not have known what to expect. This is a gambling ship You'll be out to sea for 5-6 hours People smoke outside, so you might smell it You might say: "Okay, I get it. But what about the casino... is it a real casino?" Oh yeah! It's a real casino alright. There are over 600 slots so there should always be some open. On a busy cruise, they'll open up to 100 gaming tables. That puts it on par with most Downtown Las Vegas properties and quite a few on the Strip. Here's what you can play... Slots Blackjack $5-$500 - dealer stands all 17's - BJ pays 3:2 Craps Roulette EZ Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'em Mississippi Stud Three Card Poker Let It Ride Bingo Only Legal Sportsbook in Florida!!! Read on for more about the boat and what's on it... Four decks are available on the 2,137 GT, 368-foot gambling ship built at the Bellinger Shipyard, Jacksonville FL in 1972. Deck 1 - Sportsbook Lounge, Atlantic Cafe Deck 2 - High-limit slots, Table games Deck 3 - Slots atrium Deck 4 - Big Norm's Club V, Outside deck Dolphin Bar Big Norm's Club V is open 7 days a week. On weekends it turns into more of a nightclub with DJ's, internationally and locally renowned musicians. Where to learn more about Victory Casino Cruise Location Captain's Weather Blog Transportation Windstar Cruises is a luxury cruise line established in 1984. Based in Seattle, Washington the company's fleet comprises 6 yachts with capacities ranging from 148 to 310 guests. The line is owned by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Inc., whose parent company is The Anschutz Corporation. Former owners include Holland America Line . All six ships offer casino gambling . So... Other than offering luxury yachts, what sets Windstar apart? For the answer to that, let's look at the company's flagship vessel, The Wind Star . In service since 1986, the Wind Star features a spa, a Signature shop, library, veranda, watersports platform, whirlpool, pool bar, gourmet restaurant/lounge, a casino, and Windstar's Open Bridge Policy. When the weather is good... The Captain will welcome you to the bridge No reservations needed Shop with the chefs at foreign markets Sample the local fare and help pick out: produce spices herbs local treats Enjoy the next moveable feast onboard! Watersports Platform snorkeling paddle boarding swimming sailing water skiing windsurfing kayaking The Rest of the Fleet Wind Spirit (most popular casino ship) Wind Surf (the largest, formerly Club Med 1) Star Pride (formerly Seabourn Pride) Star Breeze (formerly Seabourn Breeze) Star Legend (formerly Seabourn Legend) Okay, now, some gambling details Age to Play: 21 While we're talking about age... This line is not recommended for families with children except for older teens. Very few organized activities. Sightseeing and adult socializing are key cruise features. Games: Blackjack, roulette, slots , poker The ships have a mix of gaming opportunities. Expect all on larger ships like Wind Surf. Table Minimum : $5 Slots: Multidenominational Onboard Credit: Arrange prior to departure for best success Smoking: Not allowed in the casino - only  in designated smoking areas on outside decks Learn more about what makes Windstar different Learn more about Windstar Policies - Read the FAQ Additional gambling opportunities on a Windstar Cruise If you want to take a shore excursion and include a casino night... Choose a destination or cruise with a layover to Monte Carlo ! Please keep in mind that all casinos in Monaco require men to wear a jacket and tie. Top Destinations: Asia Caribbean Costa Rica/Panama Cana Mediterranean Mexico How do I get there? Visit Windstar Cruises to find a cruise, plan your journey, look for specials, or dream about the yachts ! Seafaring gamblers in the Nordic region, especially the northern parts of the Baltic Sea, have been enjoying the gambling services of Paf on Tallink and Silja line cruises for over three decades. The Åland-based service provider's contract is up for renewal at five year periods with 2023 on the horizon fore or aft. Onboard games include popular slots, bingo, poker, table and card games, lotteries, and sports betting. Departure points for gambling cruises include Stockholm in Sweden along with Helsinki and Turku in Finland. The Baltic Princess sails out of Stockholm twice each day and offers full family entertainment and escape with a well-staffed Siljaland playroom for the kids. It's one of the newest ships on the Baltic and offers no-limit Texas Hold'em tournaments and daily live entertainment. Cruise ferry Galaxy offers 927 cabins over 12 decks, several restaurants and bars, as well as a kids zone. The onboard casino has slots, roulette, and blackjack tables. This vessel is often used for business meetings as the modern 450 conference center attracts the business class as well as weddings and family parties and gatherings. The sauna department is highly rated. The Silja Symphony departs from Stockholm and is an older ship launched in 1991. A favorite of many seeking a break, this is a unique vessel. The heart of the ship features a pedestrian streetwalk down the Promenade with top-tier restaurants, cafes, and a variety of shops on either side. The casino is located in the bow of the ship on Deck 7 where you'll find roulette, poker and slot machines. Silja Serenade Cruise Ship sails out of Helsinki and is perhaps the premier gambling ship in the fleet. There are ten classes of cabins and suites from the special cabins designed to accommodate people with special needs and those who are traveling with a pet or have allergies to the Executive Suite on Deck 11 with 75m2 of luxurious space and featuring its own sauna. Paf has recently upgraded the manual payment system in its casinos on the Tallink & Silja Line, replacing coins with tickets - adding another level of convenience and comfort for adventurers. AS Tallink Grupp services nearly 10 million passengers each year on its 14 consumer vessels. Paf also operates the casino aboard Casino Sunborn in Gibraltar , a 5-star superyacht, and the Paf Casino on Åland with more than 1,500 slot machines and 55 gaming tables in operation. Big M Gaming LLC operates two gambling cruise ships out of Little River, SC in the United States; Big "M" Casino Ship I and Big "M" Casino Ship II . The seaside of Little River is better known as Myrtle Beach. It is situated next to the South/North Carolina border and has been continuously inhabited since the first trading post was established in the 1700's. Big M offers 5-hour gambling cruises with a set-price all you can eat buffet and is very popular in the region. There are no land casinos in the state. The closest terrestrial casino is Harrah's Cherokee nearly 6 hours away in North Carolina. Due to strict gambling laws in the state, the only way to play blackjack or slots legally is to go out to sea. Gaming is only allowed after you are at least 3 miles away from shore but the ships may travel as far as 15 miles out. It takes about 45 minutes to reach international waters. The minimum age to board either ship is 21. Smoking is only allowed on the main deck casino during gaming hours. Both ships also offer smoke-free gaming decks with slot machines. Both ships offer Las Vegas-style gambling. Only Ship I has Texas Hold ’em poker. Both casinos host slots, roulette, craps, Let it Ride, 3-card poker and other specialty games. Both ships are well maintained and kept clean, although we wouldn't go so far as to refer to them as ' luxury yachts ' as the company does, they are nicely appointed and there is plenty of room to move around. The ships are rarely, if ever, out to sea at the same time so if you have a preference (outer deck smoking, prime rib or seafood buffets, etc.), it's always a good idea to call ahead or visit the website for a schedule and current prices. The water can get a bit rough any time of the year and the outings occur every month. Some people will choose to eat on the way out, others on the way back to port, and others may not eat at all. The price of the buffet is not included in boarding fees. The buffet deck is not handicap accessible but staff will gladly bring food to the main deck and set up a comfortable dining space for those who can't reach the restaurant. Sandwiches are available on the top deck throughout the cruise. BUffet prices are reasonable. Beer, wine, and well drinks are about the same price as you'll find in the town of Little River . Carnival Cruise Line offers casino gaming on over two dozen ships departing from the U.S. and other ports from Honolulu, Hawaii, and Miami, to Barcelona, Spain .  While the gaming centers may have different names from vessel to vessel, most are fairly generic capitalizing on formulas the cruise giant has developed over the years. Your Sail & Sign card also doubles as Carnival Players Club card at all of the casinos. The Ocean Players Club covers you on any Carnival Casino cruise, Ibero Cruceros, P&O Cruises, Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, Holland America, Cunard, Seabourn, and Princess Cruises. Carnival ships are family ships, so there's always a safe and healthy place for the kids to play while mom and dad head out for a little Las Vegas-style action during their escape to sea. Most Carnival casinos allow passengers 18 years of age and older to enter and play in the casinos. Common among most of the gaming decks are optional casino tournaments featuring slots, poker, and blackjack . The cost of tournaments change from time to time, ship to ship, and game to game but the payouts for winning on sheer luck can pay for the trip and more. Slots are the biggest draw with games from top developers and providers such as Aruze, Bally, and IGT. The Sphinx 3D™ by IGT gives players all the thrills they would ever expect in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. But if you want a dealer or croupier to get to know you by name you'll have to go to the table. Most of the blackjack tables have low buy-ins but if enough high rollers want a game your Carnival casino host will probably accommodate the request. You're not likely to find single-deck action but there are plenty of variations on the basic theme to keep most players happy including Face-Up 21, Fun 21, and classic blackjack. Most ships offer poker tournaments or at least a table or two for poker players. The electronic PokerPro tables might take some players a couple of minutes to get used to - just cup your hands around the display of face-down cards to see them revealed. If you're a poker junky and on a vessel with  Ocean Medallion technology, you can play 24/7 on your mobile device even if the tables floor tables are closed. Slots , bingo, and roulette are also available on some cruises. Players won't find free drinks coming around every few minutes like they do in Las Vegas, and you'll have to be at least 21 to order a partake, but Carnival offers double the comps for gameplay compared to other cruise lines. This means that your casino points add up to free beer, wine, and cocktails or even non-alcoholic drinks if you prefer. For the not-so-serious gamblers, there are also prize games - some require skill, and all require luck. Win a stack of greenbacks on the Cash Cube or try your hand at picking up pricey electronics and other prizes on a claw machine. Celebrity Cruises offer a single brand of casino experience across the fleet of gaming equipped vessels. Every Celebrity cruise ship except the Expedition has a Fortune Casino onboard. All ships offer blackjack, roulette, poker, craps, and a wide range of slot machines.  For guests on the Celebrity Solstice sailing out of Sydney, and several other cruises, baccarat (punto banco) is also available upon request. Since the casinos don't open for play until the cruise is in international waters, most gambling laws do not apply. Guests only need to be 18 years old to play, except for the Alaska Cruise which requires guests to be 21 or older.  No matter where the ship is, you need to be 21 to drink. Smoking is not allowed in any Fortunes Casino but all ships have designated outdoor smoking areas. Celebrity Cruises belongs to the International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) and adheres to council guidelines on gambling entertainment. All facilities and equipment meet regulatory standards equal to Nevada or other licensed jurisdictions for payback percentages ad internal software; abide by rules of play equal to Nevada, New Jersey or England, and all gambling operations are audited by Celebrity's internal audit department on a regular basis, among other controls. Fortunes Casino partners with MGM, so if you remember to use your player's club card you can earn comps and perks at land-based casinos while you are out at sea! All loyalty tiers can redeem points for free casino play. There are 5 tiers and players in the top 3 tiers receive anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars in free play each time they sail. There are now more than 20 perks and benefits associated with Blue Chip Club membership. Passengers will always find excellent dining and lounge options on Celebrity casino cruises as well as entertainment. Among the best-outfitted vessels for casino gaming players will find about 275 slot machines. Celebrity Millenium sailing out of Hong Kong, Infinity, Summit, and Constellation offer around 190 machines each, about a dozen mixed Las Vegas-style table games, and 1 electronic Pokermate Texas Hold 'Em table. Celebrity Reflection sailing out of Chile and Brazil, Equinox, Eclipse, Silhouette, and  Solstice each have more than a dozen tables with 2 poker tables each and baccarat upon request. All Fortune Casinos offer at least one single-deck blackjack table. Slots start at $0.01, they include reel slots and video bonus games. Video poker machines are included in the slot machines count. People who take the seas to gamble in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe know the Costa Cruises experience, or as the line is called in its native Italy, Costa Crociere. Vessels with onboard casinos include those sailing out of Marina Bay, Singapore ; Tianjin, China; Dubai, UAE; Port Louis, Mauritius; Mumbai, India and Savona, Italy . Starting out with cargo ships in 1854, the company started commercial activities from about 1924 until the first passenger services were begun in 1947 with regular services to South America. The then family-owned company eventually converted their fleet to cruising and became one of the largest operators in Europe before selling to Carnival in the year 2000. The Carnival family of companies now comprises  Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Crociere, Cunard Line, Holland America, Seabourn Cruise Lines, and Windstar Cruises with Costa accounting for about 16% of the parent company's revenue. Costa Cruises brand currently operates six casino ships and 8 vessels without gaming facilities. All sail under the Italian flag in the waters of the Caribbean, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia, and South America. None of the casino spaces are huge by international standards but all are well appointed and offer tables and slots. The Mediterranea , sailing out of Savona in Italy, offers the most slots with over 140 machines, while the Atlantica , departing from Tianjin, China offers the most table games with a count of 21. The table game selection varies by ship but you will usually find blackjack, roulette, and poker, as well as craps on some vessels. All of the vessels offer fine dining, recreation, entertainment, shopping, sport, and wellness facilities including spas. Some of the ships without casino feature 4D Cinema as part of the kids' package of family fun. Some of the amenities found on Costa Cruises Fortuna, sailing out of Port Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates include a theater, library, art gallery, cognac bar and a cigar bar. Dining ranges from casual to fine dining on all vessels with 7-Michelin starred chef's tending to your needs on some. For those who smoke and those who prefer not to be exposed, all cabins and public rooms are smoke-free. There are designated spaces on open decks for smokers and you can smoke on your private cabin balcony - and of course, in the Cigar Bar. e-cigarettes are in your cabin as well. neoClassica and neoRomantica sail out of Mumbai, India and Port Louis, Mauritius respectively and offer a good variety of gaming. Crystal Cruises is an American luxury liner with two casino outfitted ships as of 2018. Formerly owned and operated by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) with Caesars Casinos onboard, the line was sold to Genting Hong Kong in 2015. The casinos were rebranded as Resorts World casinos after Genting's other land-based casino brand. The subsidiary was also renamed to Crystal, Ltd and maintains headquarters in Los Angeles, California, and Miami, Florida. Additional luxury brands in service or under development include Crystal River Cruises, Crystal Yacht Expedition Cruises, Crystal Luxury Air and Crystal AirCruises. Crystal Cruises is currently the only division to offer full-service onboard casino amenities. Both the Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity were scheduled for major makeovers upon acquisition. In October 2017 the Symphony emerged from a multimillion-dollar renovation with luxury suites and penthouses in addition to more standard accommodations. The 50,000-ton vessel formerly accommodated 1,000 passengers but now offers more space and luxury to just 848 guests over eight decks. The new deck configuration for Serenity unveiled in November 2018. The Serenity offers 9 decks including the uppermost Sun Deck with elevator service. In addition to a large social area, vacationers will find paddle tennis courts, a sliding glass roof that can retract and let air as well as light into the Trident area, a weight room, spa, and salon. Like the Symphony, the 4,500 sq ft casino is found on the second level Tiffany Deck. Games offered include Blackjack , Roulette, Slot machines, Bingo, Mini-Baccarat, Texas Hold'em, and Three Card Poker. In addition to open floor casino space and VIP rooms, a luxury showroom and stage is fore - with an atrium, retail outlets, a Hollywood Theater, bistro, photo gallery, nightclub, connoisseur club (smoking lounge), saloon, and dance club with a stage - all aft of the casino. Look for Umi Uma & Sushi Bar on Serenity from November 2018 - Chef Nobu Matsuhisa's only Nobu at sea. All chefs have been personally trained by the master himself. Additional fine dining sees Prego bring the flavors of Italy to the Serenity. Every day dining is also available in the Crystal Dining Room with signature menus focused on two choices - one classic, the other, modern. Crystal Cove is a luxury cognac bar featuring Rémy Martin Louis XIII at the top end as well as wines, liqueurs, tequila, and grappa. The Penthouse Suites at 982 square feet (91.23 sqm) offer verandahs as do some staterooms, Other staterooms feature large picture windows. Elevator service is provided to all decks. The ships' ports of call are Philipsburg, Sint Maarten and the Port of Anchorage in Anchorage, Alaska. Cunard Line has been operated by Carnival since 1998, but the company has a rich and illustrious history dating back to 1839. Starting out with Britain's first transatlantic steamship mail contract, there are now three vessels in operation offering Northern European, Mediterranean, Transatlantic, Caribbean, and World Cruises. The fleet currently consists of the ocean liner Queen Mary 2 , and cruise ships Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria . A 4th vessel is slated for operation n 2022. There is a casino on board each Cunard ship. However, not all cruises offer gambling as the Empire Casinos do not open during voyages without foreign ports of call on the itinerary. Vessels stopping in Dublin, Cobh, St Peters Port and all foreign country ports will sail outside of UK territorial waters (12 miles/45 minutes) and the casinos will be opened while outside of the UKGC's jurisdiction. Queen Mary 2 offers Roulette, Blackjack, Three card poker, and Heads up Texas Hold'em - a house-banked casino game played against the dealer - as well as about 100 slot machines. There are 9 gaming tables in total aboard QM2. As mention, the casino opens about 45 minutes after leaving port. Once out to sea, slots machines are available for play beginning at 10am. Tables are open from 11am until 5pm, and then again from 7:30pm until close. Closing time is at the discretion of the casino manager. Queen Elizabeth offers about 45 slot machines and 5 gaming tables. Available table games include Roulette, Blackjack, Three Card Poker, and Fun 21. Queen Victoria features about 45 slots and the same mix of games spread over 5 tables as are found on Queen Elizabeth. Table limits on all ships vary from $3 - $25 minimums with maximum bets ranging from $100 - $500. Reels slots, video slots, and video poker machines are multi-denominational with 'coin' sizes ranging from a penny to $5. All machines are coinless. Deposits are accepted in notes or via cruise cards. Cashouts are done to your card. Cash and cards are accepted at the tables to purchase chips. A credit card must be registered at the front desk in order to use your cruise card for gambling. "Onboard spending money" is not accepted for chip purchases. Complimentary gaming lessons are available during the day for those who may not be familiar with the rules or practices of certain games. Glory Sea is the first cruise ship launched by Diamond Cruise International Co. The ship is a luxury liner with an ever-changing itinerary that has included short cruises sailing from China's Shanghai port 2016-2017, and a 10-month charter with roundtrip cruises from Sokcho, South Korea which began in November 2017. Some destinations included Japan and Vladivostok , Russia, Vietnam’s Ha Long Bay from China’s “Coconut City,” Haikou, along with Da Nang and Nha Trang, as well as Manila and Boracay in the Philippines. Upon launch, the onboard VIP casino was operated by Century Casinos, Inc. , which also operates casinos aboard ships owned by TUI Cruises, Thomson Cruises, and Windstar Cruises. Immediately prior to its acquisition by Diamond Cruise parent company, Suzhou Taihu International Travel Agency, the vessel was known as Celestyal Odyssey and help a slightly smaller casino on the 6th deck. After the 2016 refurbishment, the Century casino offered 16 table games with a VIP room, and 40 gaming machines. Games offered include blackjack, roulette, 3 Card Poker, Sic Bo, baccarat and video slots. Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines is owned by a Norwegian company, Bonheur and Ganger Rolf, part of the Fred. Olsen Group. Company headquarters are located in Ipswich, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom. The company was started in 1848 by three brothers who embarked on a business of international shipping. Still, a family company, five generations of Olsens have participated in the venture as well as several other sectors from shipbuilding to electronics. There are five ships in the current fleet including the Brabant, Fred Olsens's first river cruise. All of the ships offer gaming opportunities, but the voyages are not usually undertaken with a primary focus on gambling. Each vessel has two gaming tables - one for blackjack and another for roulette. Many experienced passengers report that the tables are not open on every voyage. However, gambling is an advertised service and a croupier will most likely open a table upon request if it is not already in action. Guests will need to be at least 18 years of age to play. Only cash (Pounds Sterling) is accepted at the tables and bets cannot be charged to your room account. The Oceangoing ships are Black Watch ,  Braemar, Boudicca , and Balmoral. Onboard, passengers will find restaurants and fine dining, bars and lounges, relaxation and fitness and plenty of entertainment and fun activities which vary from sailing to sailing. Be sure to ask about the Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs), a great way to explore! The Genting Hongkong is a Corosration who owns and operate one of the leading global leisure, entertainment and other businesses. One of the major businesses of Genting Hongkong are Resorts World Manila whom opened last August 29, 2009 together with three big luxurious Hotels such us Maxims Hotel, Remington Hotel and Mariott Hotel . Another Property of Genting are Star Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Line whos offering cruise shipping to over 200 destinations all over the world and with 39,000 lower berths approximately. Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. operates the Emerald Princess Casino out of Brunswick, Georgia in the United States. The departure and return location is about halfway between Savannah, GA, and Jacksonville, FL. Out to sea, are St. Simons Island, Sea Island, Jekyll Island, Little St. Simons Island. The ship is rather small at 200 feet so passengers who have issues with motion sickness may want to use an appropriate medication or another method to deal with it. Two of the ship's four decks are devoted to gambling. Smoking is allowed on both levels but never on the third level Bistro Deck. The fourth deck is an open-air observation deck. Guests must be 18 or older to board and gamble and must be at least 21 years of age to drink alcohol. Gambling opportunities are few and far between for many people in the state, so the cruise operator is highly appreciated by most. Holland America Line was founded in the late 1800s as the Netherlands-America Steamship Company. The company's first vacation cruise was offered in 1895. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA, since 1989, it is now part of Carnival Corporation . The line currently comprises about 15 ships, all with casinos onboard. One of the company's greatest legacies is their part in helping to settle America by transporting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to the New World. The fleet consists of mid-sized ships with the smallest, an 'elegant explorer', the Prinsendam slated for retirement in 2019 and new vessels being commissioned in the Pinnacle Class like the MS Koningsdam, Nieuw Statendam , and Nieuw Ryndam with 12 decks and passenger complements of 2,650. Nieuw Ryndam is expected to be brought into service before the end of 2021. Casino hours vary from ship to ship. The minimum gambling age in international waters is 18 with the exception of Alaska Cruises where guests must be 21 or older. Blackjack, roulette, three card poker, and slots are found on most ships. Craps are available on some ships. The casinos are all well arranged and well maintained. Roulette can be found with $1 minimums in some cases, otherwise, most table games start at $5. Slots denominations range from a penny to $5 machines, Be sure to check the video poker paytables before getting too carried away. Depending on the cruise, bingo prizes can range from $2,000 to $100,000. All feature slots and blackjack tournaments. Whether you are sailing out of a US eastern or western port, Kowloon , Saint George's or Sydney , HAL offers a great gaming experience along with a stately cruise full of entertainment possibilities. Restaurants and fine dining, nightly entertainment, bars and lounges, diverse onboard activities like cooking workshops, wine tasting, and BBC Earth Experiences on board are just the tip of the mountain of fun that awaits on a Holland America Line cruise anywhere in the world. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD. was first known as Norwegian Caribbean Line when launched in 1966. Through a series of mergers, decouplings, acquisitions and investments the NYSE-listed company based in Florida is now owned in the minority by private equity companies as well as Genting Group which holds an 11.1% stake. The NCL holding company also owns Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises through a 2014 acquisition of parent company, Prestige Cruises International, Inc. Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL) offers informal casino cruises with no structured time for meals and some other activities and no need to dress formally at mealtime. For family travelers, Norwegian Escape, Breakaway, Getaway, and Epic offer the most 'kid friendly' cruises. All 15 of the ships, including Pride of America, the only US-flagged vessel in the fleet, offer gambling once the ships leave territorial waters. Game variety varies from ship to ship but a sampling of available games includes slots, blackjack and 21 variants, craps, roulette, three card poker, let it ride, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, baccarat, Pai Gow poker, and Texas Hold'em poker. Some of the blackjack variants include a Lucky Ladies side bet with a $5,000 jackpot. Lucky Ladies is available on all ships. All ships except Epic, Breakaway, and Getaway offer a Wheel of Madness side bet on the game. The optional bet can range from $1 to $10. When a player with a stake on the wheel is dealt a natural Blackjack they'll get a spin on the wheel to determine their side bet multiplier. The top prize is $5,000. For those who enjoy sailing on small city-size ships, Norwegian has added a third vessel to its Breakaway-Plus series with the launch of the 168,028-ton, 1,082-foot-long,  20-deck, 4,004 passenger Norwegian Bliss in 2018. She joins Escape and Joy in the class. Those ships launched in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cruise line is very popular and consistently adds to its fleet. There are 7 new additions to the fleet slated for release between 2019 and 2027. The five most recent debuts include Norwegian Bliss (2018), Joy (2017) Escape (2015), Getaway (2014), and Breakaway (2013). So far, Norwegian Bliss is the most innovative casino ship in the fleet with over 300 pokies (slots and video poker) and 25 gaming tables. Across the fleet, poker players register well ahead of time for the Norwegian Cruise Line Poker Challenge (NCLPC). The field is expected to surpass 400 participants soon. Oceania Cruises launched their first ship in 2002 and currently has a fleet of six ships. All of them offer gambling facilities. Founded by a team of cruise industry veterans, the company was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD in 2014 along with a sister company, Regent Seven Seas Cruises . Norwegian (NCL) is headquartered in Florida. All of Oceania's vessels fly the flag of the Marshall Islands. There are 4 ships in the Regatta class, all were built in 1998, 1999, or 2000. The MS Regatta was launched in 2003 and last refurbished in 2014. The most recent launch in the class was the 30,277 ton, 343 cabin, MS Sirena . The former Ocean Princess underwent a $40 million refurbishment in France and launched in 2016. Two brand new Oceania class ships were commissioned from Italian builder Fincantieri and are the first two new builds for the company. MS Marina , at 66,084 tons can hold 1,250 passengers and 580 of the 625 suites and cabins have private verandas. Marina launched in 2011. Her sister ship, which launched in 2012, is the MS Riviera . Two-week-long cruises are the norm for Oceania but they are most well known for much longer tours such as "Around the World in 180 Days" voyages and others lasting up to 195 days. The 6-month world cruises began in 2015. Bookings for the 180-Day World Cruises are taken up to two years in advance. The casinos are rather small in relation to the overall ship size on some vessels, mainly due to the extended times at sea. However, they are also a favorite attraction of many oceanfarers. The gambling spaces are well designed and stylish and offer table limits for all levels of players. The gaming machines include reel and video slots and video poker machines. Key card wagering makes the slots cashless. Casino credit is available to qualified guests and should be arranged one-month prior to departure. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check is required when you board the vessel in order to activate a credit line. All gaming is in USD and Euros can be exchanged on board. All play is tracked and rewarded through the Casinos at Sea rewards program which has 5 tiers. Points can be transfered from ship to ship and slot players can redeem rewards at any time onscreen while playing any game. P&O Cruises is the oldest cruise line in the world. The original company was founded in 1837 and the first passenger cruises from Southampton were offered in 1844. A series of de-mergers and mergers beginning in 2000 culminated in a merger with Carnival Corporation in 2003. The company operates seven cruise ships including Britannia which launched in early 2015. Two more large vessels are planned for launch in 2020 and 2020. All ships offer casino gaming once entering international waters. Table games, slot machines, bingo, scratch cards, and video horse racing are all offered. Roulette, blackjack, and three card poker are offered on all ships. Three of the casinos also offer Fun 21. If you don't see the game when aboard the Arcadia and there is an empty blackjack table, ask your host to flip the table as the Fun 21 felt is just underneath. Purchase your chips from the dealer with cash or your cruise card. All winnings are cashed out onto your cruise card. Slot machines all operate on a coinless system. To play, simply insert your cruise card or cash notes. Bingo offers five cash prizes each full day out to sea. There's also a jackpot that grows with nearly every game and must be won by the conclusion of the cruise. Scratch cards have prizes up to £20,000 and can be purchased at the casino desk. Video horse racing is presented on big screens. Arcadia features 4 tables and a variety of slots on the F deck. Aurora's casino is located on the Prom deck and features 4 tables and slots. Head to the F deck on Azura to find five tables offering three card poker, blackjack, roulette x2, and Fun 21. The casino on Britannia is deck 6 with 2 tables each offering blackjack, roulette, and three card poker. Oceana has five tables on D deck - Oriana offers 23 tables on the Prom deck, and there are five tables on F deck of Ventura. On sea days slots are open on all ships from 10 am until late with tables opening at noon. On port days, gaming doesn't start until the ship reaches international waters, which usually takes about 45 minutes. Opening times can vary by jurisdiction, but the demarcation point is usually 12 miles outside of port limits. Be sure to cash in your chips before leaving the ship. If you happen to forget, you can bring them along for your next voyage but may meet delays while the chips are authenticated. Princess Cruises launched their first Mexican Riviera cruise in 1965 but didn't become a household name known to people who vacation at sea until about a decade later when the company was acquired by P&O, who at the time was the world's largest oceanic shipper with more 300 vessels in operation. Baby boomers may recall Island Princess and Pacific Princess as the ships featured in the 1970s television series, The Love Boat. P&O spun off its passenger division in 2000, and it merged with Carnival in 2003. The combined company then featured 11 different brands of cruise ship companies. Princess, Carnival, and Holland America stopped requisitioning new ships during the 2008 economic downturn but added three new 3,600 passenger ships beginning with Royal Princess in 2013 and Regal Princess which entered service in 2014. A third Fincantieri-built ship, Majestic Princess launched in 2017. The entire current fleet flies the flag of Bermuda except for Royal, Majestic, Golden, Diamond, and Sapphire Princess which ships call the UK home. Three additional Bermuda-flagged Royal Class vessels are slated for launch in 2019, 2020, and 2022. Departure points for Princess Cruises include Vancouver, Canada , Brisbane, Rozelle, and Melbourne in Australia; Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and San Francisco in the US, as well as Marina Bay, Singapore ; Rome, Italy, and Piraeus in Greece. USA Today has awarded Princess the accolade of "Best cruise lines for Gamblers" and slots fans are frequently offered high return tournaments like the $200,000 Monopoly Cruise for Cash tournament. There are tournaments on every cruise so blackjack players and slots spinners have a chance to compete against their shipmates for cash prizes. Games vary from ship to ship but most voyagers will find traditional, video, and progressive jackpot slot machines as well as video poker. Table games can include heads-up Texas Hold ‘Em poker, and casino games like Caribbean Stud Poker, Three Card Poker and Let it Ride. Blackjack, dice, roulette, and other table games are available on most ships and you can even play bingo with ticket packages ranging from $10 to $30. A fairly new "class" of ships was introduced in 2017, known as the Ocean Medallion Class. These are 'the internet of things' ships with omnichannel connectivity to guests accounts from a medallion wristband. On ships appointed with the amenity, guests have access to the PlayOcean Casino and PlayOcean Everywhere so they can play real money games anywhere on the ship. Regent Seven Seas Cruises [(RSSC) formerly Radisson SSC] was founded in 1990. It is a luxury cruise line company offering an all-inclusive experience. Regent was a sister company of Oceania Cruises . The parent company, Prestige Cruise Holdings was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Lines in 2014. Regent Seven Seas Cruises' current fleet comprises 4 ships ranging from 28,550 gross tons to 54,000 GT. The largest ship to date is Seven Seas Explorer built in 2016 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri of Sestri Ponente, Genova.  Fincantieri has also been commissioned to delivers the 55k GT Seven Seas Splendor in early 2020. All vessels are currently Bahamian-flagged. The fleet's casino ships sail out of Sydney, Australia; the Port of Miami in the US, and Kavala, Greece. In early 2017 the parent company announced that a new Port of Miami terminal was under development for completion prior to 2020. All of the casinos in the fleet share in the Norwegian Cruise Lines Casinos At Sea rewards program. The rewards program has five tiers with the top three sharing a host of benefits including cruise suite discounts and convenience fee waivers. First-tier and all other players will enjoy promotional offers, pint redemtions for free play, and the ability t transfer points from ship to ship. Second tier members also receive special birthday offers. Point redemption for free play is easy. Slots and video poker players can cash in right at the machine they are playing at any time or do as table players do and redeem points at the casino cage. Casino credit is available to all players with an existing reservation. Please make arrangements at least 30 days in advance of your voyage. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check will be required on board to activate the line. The Casino on Seven Seas Mariner sailing out of Greece is located on Deck 7. The gaming facilities are open daily when territorial border limits do not restrict operations.  Blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and slot machines are available for play. Adult Entertainment beyond the casino floor includes a show lounge in the style of a Parisian cabaret with musical productions staged by experienced Broadway pros. The Connoisseur Club is a special hideaway where fine cognac and imported cigars are enjoyed by shipmates engaging in friendly conversation while they enjoy the finer things in life. Royal Caribbean International is a Miami-based cruise line brand owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. The company was founded in Norway in 1968 and has over 20 ships in operation as well as a future fleet that will bring that number to 30. You might be wondering: "How many of the oceangoing vessels have casinos?" Good news for seafaring gamblers! Royal Caribbean has outfitted their entire current fleet with onboard casinos! Some are a little bigger than others, and some have more game variety, but they all have lots of slots and plenty of table game action. Sailing out of England? Consider booking the Navigator of the Seas ; From Barcelona, Vision; Shanghai? Quantum of the Seas ; Hong Kong, Voyager. Most of the other cruises depart from the U.S . and Puerto Rico . All of the casinos offer thousands of square feet of Vegas-style action under the lights with video slots, video poker, table games, and tournaments. Some of the table games you can expect to find on your Royal Caribbean cruise are: Single Deck Blackjack Roulette Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'Em Let It Ride Three Card Poker Blackjack with Side Bets like Lucky Ladies Walking up to a high stakes blackjack table and sitting down with a stack of chips in front of you can seem intimidating to casual players and those who may need to brush up a little on their game. Royal Caribbean has you covered! During the day, your hosts will be glad to teach you the ins and outs of any game from roulette to baccarat. Once you get your "sea legs" for the game you can join a tournament where everyone has a chance to progress to the grand finale without risking stacks of your hard earned cash along the way. If you want to win big prizes with more help from Lady Luck than your own gambling experience, try a Slot Tournament. Simply go to the Casino Cash Desk when the casino is open to enroll in a qualifying tournament. Even Beginner's Luck can help you grab a chunk of the $50,000 prize pool! This might seem crazy: Poker players can qualify for the Royal Poker Tournament throughout the year. Winners are eligible for entry into the finals with a chance to win part of the $100,000 Royal Poker Prize Pool! Don't forget, you may be eligible for a free cruise vacation for two along the way. What Else Can I Look Forward To? Visit the Royal Caribbean Casino Cruise Experience to learn more about... Casino Promotions Club Royal Events Casino Rewards Program Casino Credit Win/Loss Statements Wire Transfer Instructions If you have questions now you can contact the Casino Call Center at (888) 561-2234. Seabourn Cruise Line offers casino gaming on all five of its luxury liner cruise ships. The company was founded in 1986 in Norway. Carnival Corp began purchasing shares in 1991 and completed ownership in 2001. The company moved its Miami headquarters to Seattle, Washington in 2011 to join Holland America Line . With home ports in the U.S., Argentina, and Singapore the company's five luxury casino cruise ships are... Seabourn Ovation Seabourn Encore Seabourn Quest Seabourn Odyssey Seabourn Sojourn You might be asking yourself: Should I book a Seabourn Cruise for gambling? The answer to that is simple. It depends on what you are looking for in a casino cruise... 1) How long do I want to be on the ship? 2) How much time will I spend in the casino? 3) Do I want a Las Vegas on the seas experience? 4) Would I be happy with a few slot machines and occasional table action? 5) Can I afford a Seabourn casino cruise? We'll help you answer those questions and more by sharing some things we know about the Seabourn Difference . Seabourn offers Caribbean cruises as short as seven days. They also offer mid-length ventures and journeys up to 100 days. Shore excursions are available on some cruises. The casinos onboard the ships are all on Deck 5 near the aft deck. They are small by most land casino standards with less than two dozen slots and video poker machines and 3 or 4 gaming tables. The gaming areas are located fore of The Club and near the Club Bar. Men and women's restrooms are adjacent to the gaming areas. The gaming areas are well appointed and well kept. They simply aren't large enough to provide a Las Vegas-style experience when you aren't actually gambling. Table games include Blackjack , Roulette , and Poker . Seabourn is a luxury cruise liner... Expect to pay top price for your cruise Formal nights are optional so you could save on wardrobe costs Prices are all-inclusive so your drinks are paid for Gourmands will especially appreciate Restaurant 2 Now that you know more about gambling at sea with Seabourn, you can sign up for special offers or explore the video gallery and choose a destination in the Caribbean, Mediterranian, Asia, or plan a Transatlantic cruise ! Expect to meet others onboard who are: Older, financially secure, well-dressed. Silversea Cruises is a mid-level luxury cruise line established in 1994 by the Lefebvre family of Rome, Italy. The company is headquartered in Monaco and owned in the majority (67%) by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd . The company's current fleet comprises nine vessels. The largest and newest ship is Silver Muse at 40,700 gross tons and capacity for nearly 600 passengers. Six of the ships are over sixteen tons and three are clippers in the company's Expedition fleet. Seafaring gamblers will find casinos aboard: Silver Cloud Silver Wind Silver Shadow Silver Whisper Silver Spirit (Refurbished/expanded March 2018) Silver Muse (Launched 2017) There are no gaming facilities on the smaller expedition class ships. You might be wondering... What are the best cruises for gambling? Really, any cruise anywhere in the world under 7 days is best. Why? The longer cruises tend to attract older vacationers who go to bed early. If you like the casino all to yourself, a longer cruise may be best. All of the ships with gaming offer Blackjack, Roulette, and slots. The two newer and larger ships have roomier, more opulent casino gaming areas with plenty of action. The smallest casino is on Silversea Wind with nine gaming machines and four tables. You can click the following link to view the casino aboard Silver Shadow . True luxury at mid-class prices: All inclusive pricing makes a Silverseas cruise an easy decision. You'll find most of your cruise mates are couples and the younger more upwardly mobile families have opted for a Carnival or Royal Caribbean cruise. Enjoy: All-Inclusive experience (gratuities included in fare) Fine dining (diverse cuisine, open seating, 24 hours) Private veranda (855 of suites) Very personalized service (Butler service in every suite) Champagne, wine, and spirits (anywhere on the ship including in-suite) Entertainment Complimentary transportation (in most port towns) Spa and fitness facilities If I run out of cash can I get an advance for the casino or shore excursions? Cash advances are limited to $1,000 per voyage per suite. Onboard cash advance services incur a 2% fee. Onboard credit cannot be used in the casino. Can I gamble online? Silversea offers unlimited free Wi-Fi. There are no known restrictions on personal usage. Your suite status will determine a premium or standard Wi-Fi package. If unsure of local laws, please wait until you are 12 miles out to sea before you gambling online . Where can I find out more? You can check out the individual casino cruises by clicking a link below. Contact information is also available on the profile pages. You can also visit SILVERSEA to find exclusive offers, request a quote or brochure, or book your cruise vacation now! Victory Casino Cruises has been running out of Port Canaveral, Florida since 2011. If you are looking for a 'cruise to nowhere' this might be your best bet. The Victory I first set sail in 1972 and was refurbished before Victory launched their casino cruise. If you've ever been on a gambling ship, as opposed to a luxury cruise liner with a casino... You might ask: "I thought gambling was a monopoly in Florida. How do they do it?" Yes, most of the slots and table games are in the Seminole Tribe's Hard Rock casinos . You can find poker and a few other games like poker at Florida racetracks and jai alai frontons. Once the ship enters international waters, Florida gambling laws no longer apply. The 3-mile journey usually takes about 30 minutes - then the games are on! #1 Florida Casino Cruise? Judging by the reviews on TripAdvisor , most people are extremely satisfied with their Victory Casino Cruise experiences. Those who weren't might not have known what to expect. This is a gambling ship You'll be out to sea for 5-6 hours People smoke outside, so you might smell it You might say: "Okay, I get it. But what about the casino... is it a real casino?" Oh yeah! It's a real casino alright. There are over 600 slots so there should always be some open. On a busy cruise, they'll open up to 100 gaming tables. That puts it on par with most Downtown Las Vegas properties and quite a few on the Strip. Here's what you can play... Slots Blackjack $5-$500 - dealer stands all 17's - BJ pays 3:2 Craps Roulette EZ Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'em Mississippi Stud Three Card Poker Let It Ride Bingo Only Legal Sportsbook in Florida!!! Read on for more about the boat and what's on it... Four decks are available on the 2,137 GT, 368-foot gambling ship built at the Bellinger Shipyard, Jacksonville FL in 1972. Deck 1 - Sportsbook Lounge, Atlantic Cafe Deck 2 - High-limit slots, Table games Deck 3 - Slots atrium Deck 4 - Big Norm's Club V, Outside deck Dolphin Bar Big Norm's Club V is open 7 days a week. On weekends it turns into more of a nightclub with DJ's, internationally and locally renowned musicians. Where to learn more about Victory Casino Cruise Location Captain's Weather Blog Transportation Windstar Cruises is a luxury cruise line established in 1984. Based in Seattle, Washington the company's fleet comprises 6 yachts with capacities ranging from 148 to 310 guests. The line is owned by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Inc., whose parent company is The Anschutz Corporation. Former owners include Holland America Line . All six ships offer casino gambling . So... Other than offering luxury yachts, what sets Windstar apart? For the answer to that, let's look at the company's flagship vessel, The Wind Star . In service since 1986, the Wind Star features a spa, a Signature shop, library, veranda, watersports platform, whirlpool, pool bar, gourmet restaurant/lounge, a casino, and Windstar's Open Bridge Policy. When the weather is good... The Captain will welcome you to the bridge No reservations needed Shop with the chefs at foreign markets Sample the local fare and help pick out: produce spices herbs local treats Enjoy the next moveable feast onboard! Watersports Platform snorkeling paddle boarding swimming sailing water skiing windsurfing kayaking The Rest of the Fleet Wind Spirit (most popular casino ship) Wind Surf (the largest, formerly Club Med 1) Star Pride (formerly Seabourn Pride) Star Breeze (formerly Seabourn Breeze) Star Legend (formerly Seabourn Legend) Okay, now, some gambling details Age to Play: 21 While we're talking about age... This line is not recommended for families with children except for older teens. Very few organized activities. Sightseeing and adult socializing are key cruise features. Games: Blackjack, roulette, slots , poker The ships have a mix of gaming opportunities. Expect all on larger ships like Wind Surf. Table Minimum : $5 Slots: Multidenominational Onboard Credit: Arrange prior to departure for best success Smoking: Not allowed in the casino - only  in designated smoking areas on outside decks Learn more about what makes Windstar different Learn more about Windstar Policies - Read the FAQ Additional gambling opportunities on a Windstar Cruise If you want to take a shore excursion and include a casino night... Choose a destination or cruise with a layover to Monte Carlo ! Please keep in mind that all casinos in Monaco require men to wear a jacket and tie. Top Destinations: Asia Caribbean Costa Rica/Panama Cana Mediterranean Mexico How do I get there? Visit Windstar Cruises to find a cruise, plan your journey, look for specials, or dream about the yachts ! Seafaring gamblers in the Nordic region, especially the northern parts of the Baltic Sea, have been enjoying the gambling services of Paf on Tallink and Silja line cruises for over three decades. The Åland-based service provider's contract is up for renewal at five year periods with 2023 on the horizon fore or aft. Onboard games include popular slots, bingo, poker, table and card games, lotteries, and sports betting. Departure points for gambling cruises include Stockholm in Sweden along with Helsinki and Turku in Finland. The Baltic Princess sails out of Stockholm twice each day and offers full family entertainment and escape with a well-staffed Siljaland playroom for the kids. It's one of the newest ships on the Baltic and offers no-limit Texas Hold'em tournaments and daily live entertainment. Cruise ferry Galaxy offers 927 cabins over 12 decks, several restaurants and bars, as well as a kids zone. The onboard casino has slots, roulette, and blackjack tables. This vessel is often used for business meetings as the modern 450 conference center attracts the business class as well as weddings and family parties and gatherings. The sauna department is highly rated. The Silja Symphony departs from Stockholm and is an older ship launched in 1991. A favorite of many seeking a break, this is a unique vessel. The heart of the ship features a pedestrian streetwalk down the Promenade with top-tier restaurants, cafes, and a variety of shops on either side. The casino is located in the bow of the ship on Deck 7 where you'll find roulette, poker and slot machines. Silja Serenade Cruise Ship sails out of Helsinki and is perhaps the premier gambling ship in the fleet. There are ten classes of cabins and suites from the special cabins designed to accommodate people with special needs and those who are traveling with a pet or have allergies to the Executive Suite on Deck 11 with 75m2 of luxurious space and featuring its own sauna. Paf has recently upgraded the manual payment system in its casinos on the Tallink & Silja Line, replacing coins with tickets - adding another level of convenience and comfort for adventurers. AS Tallink Grupp services nearly 10 million passengers each year on its 14 consumer vessels. Paf also operates the casino aboard Casino Sunborn in Gibraltar , a 5-star superyacht, and the Paf Casino on Åland with more than 1,500 slot machines and 55 gaming tables in operation. Big M Gaming LLC operates two gambling cruise ships out of Little River, SC in the United States; Big "M" Casino Ship I and Big "M" Casino Ship II . The seaside of Little River is better known as Myrtle Beach. It is situated next to the South/North Carolina border and has been continuously inhabited since the first trading post was established in the 1700's. Big M offers 5-hour gambling cruises with a set-price all you can eat buffet and is very popular in the region. There are no land casinos in the state. The closest terrestrial casino is Harrah's Cherokee nearly 6 hours away in North Carolina. Due to strict gambling laws in the state, the only way to play blackjack or slots legally is to go out to sea. Gaming is only allowed after you are at least 3 miles away from shore but the ships may travel as far as 15 miles out. It takes about 45 minutes to reach international waters. The minimum age to board either ship is 21. Smoking is only allowed on the main deck casino during gaming hours. Both ships also offer smoke-free gaming decks with slot machines. Both ships offer Las Vegas-style gambling. Only Ship I has Texas Hold ’em poker. Both casinos host slots, roulette, craps, Let it Ride, 3-card poker and other specialty games. Both ships are well maintained and kept clean, although we wouldn't go so far as to refer to them as ' luxury yachts ' as the company does, they are nicely appointed and there is plenty of room to move around. The ships are rarely, if ever, out to sea at the same time so if you have a preference (outer deck smoking, prime rib or seafood buffets, etc.), it's always a good idea to call ahead or visit the website for a schedule and current prices. The water can get a bit rough any time of the year and the outings occur every month. Some people will choose to eat on the way out, others on the way back to port, and others may not eat at all. The price of the buffet is not included in boarding fees. The buffet deck is not handicap accessible but staff will gladly bring food to the main deck and set up a comfortable dining space for those who can't reach the restaurant. Sandwiches are available on the top deck throughout the cruise. BUffet prices are reasonable. Beer, wine, and well drinks are about the same price as you'll find in the town of Little River . Carnival Cruise Line offers casino gaming on over two dozen ships departing from the U.S. and other ports from Honolulu, Hawaii, and Miami, to Barcelona, Spain .  While the gaming centers may have different names from vessel to vessel, most are fairly generic capitalizing on formulas the cruise giant has developed over the years. Your Sail & Sign card also doubles as Carnival Players Club card at all of the casinos. The Ocean Players Club covers you on any Carnival Casino cruise, Ibero Cruceros, P&O Cruises, Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, Holland America, Cunard, Seabourn, and Princess Cruises. Carnival ships are family ships, so there's always a safe and healthy place for the kids to play while mom and dad head out for a little Las Vegas-style action during their escape to sea. Most Carnival casinos allow passengers 18 years of age and older to enter and play in the casinos. Common among most of the gaming decks are optional casino tournaments featuring slots, poker, and blackjack . The cost of tournaments change from time to time, ship to ship, and game to game but the payouts for winning on sheer luck can pay for the trip and more. Slots are the biggest draw with games from top developers and providers such as Aruze, Bally, and IGT. The Sphinx 3D™ by IGT gives players all the thrills they would ever expect in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. But if you want a dealer or croupier to get to know you by name you'll have to go to the table. Most of the blackjack tables have low buy-ins but if enough high rollers want a game your Carnival casino host will probably accommodate the request. You're not likely to find single-deck action but there are plenty of variations on the basic theme to keep most players happy including Face-Up 21, Fun 21, and classic blackjack. Most ships offer poker tournaments or at least a table or two for poker players. The electronic PokerPro tables might take some players a couple of minutes to get used to - just cup your hands around the display of face-down cards to see them revealed. If you're a poker junky and on a vessel with  Ocean Medallion technology, you can play 24/7 on your mobile device even if the tables floor tables are closed. Slots , bingo, and roulette are also available on some cruises. Players won't find free drinks coming around every few minutes like they do in Las Vegas, and you'll have to be at least 21 to order a partake, but Carnival offers double the comps for gameplay compared to other cruise lines. This means that your casino points add up to free beer, wine, and cocktails or even non-alcoholic drinks if you prefer. For the not-so-serious gamblers, there are also prize games - some require skill, and all require luck. Win a stack of greenbacks on the Cash Cube or try your hand at picking up pricey electronics and other prizes on a claw machine. Celebrity Cruises offer a single brand of casino experience across the fleet of gaming equipped vessels. Every Celebrity cruise ship except the Expedition has a Fortune Casino onboard. All ships offer blackjack, roulette, poker, craps, and a wide range of slot machines.  For guests on the Celebrity Solstice sailing out of Sydney, and several other cruises, baccarat (punto banco) is also available upon request. Since the casinos don't open for play until the cruise is in international waters, most gambling laws do not apply. Guests only need to be 18 years old to play, except for the Alaska Cruise which requires guests to be 21 or older.  No matter where the ship is, you need to be 21 to drink. Smoking is not allowed in any Fortunes Casino but all ships have designated outdoor smoking areas. Celebrity Cruises belongs to the International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) and adheres to council guidelines on gambling entertainment. All facilities and equipment meet regulatory standards equal to Nevada or other licensed jurisdictions for payback percentages ad internal software; abide by rules of play equal to Nevada, New Jersey or England, and all gambling operations are audited by Celebrity's internal audit department on a regular basis, among other controls. Fortunes Casino partners with MGM, so if you remember to use your player's club card you can earn comps and perks at land-based casinos while you are out at sea! All loyalty tiers can redeem points for free casino play. There are 5 tiers and players in the top 3 tiers receive anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars in free play each time they sail. There are now more than 20 perks and benefits associated with Blue Chip Club membership. Passengers will always find excellent dining and lounge options on Celebrity casino cruises as well as entertainment. Among the best-outfitted vessels for casino gaming players will find about 275 slot machines. Celebrity Millenium sailing out of Hong Kong, Infinity, Summit, and Constellation offer around 190 machines each, about a dozen mixed Las Vegas-style table games, and 1 electronic Pokermate Texas Hold 'Em table. Celebrity Reflection sailing out of Chile and Brazil, Equinox, Eclipse, Silhouette, and  Solstice each have more than a dozen tables with 2 poker tables each and baccarat upon request. All Fortune Casinos offer at least one single-deck blackjack table. Slots start at $0.01, they include reel slots and video bonus games. Video poker machines are included in the slot machines count. People who take the seas to gamble in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe know the Costa Cruises experience, or as the line is called in its native Italy, Costa Crociere. Vessels with onboard casinos include those sailing out of Marina Bay, Singapore ; Tianjin, China; Dubai, UAE; Port Louis, Mauritius; Mumbai, India and Savona, Italy . Starting out with cargo ships in 1854, the company started commercial activities from about 1924 until the first passenger services were begun in 1947 with regular services to South America. The then family-owned company eventually converted their fleet to cruising and became one of the largest operators in Europe before selling to Carnival in the year 2000. The Carnival family of companies now comprises  Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Crociere, Cunard Line, Holland America, Seabourn Cruise Lines, and Windstar Cruises with Costa accounting for about 16% of the parent company's revenue. Costa Cruises brand currently operates six casino ships and 8 vessels without gaming facilities. All sail under the Italian flag in the waters of the Caribbean, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia, and South America. None of the casino spaces are huge by international standards but all are well appointed and offer tables and slots. The Mediterranea , sailing out of Savona in Italy, offers the most slots with over 140 machines, while the Atlantica , departing from Tianjin, China offers the most table games with a count of 21. The table game selection varies by ship but you will usually find blackjack, roulette, and poker, as well as craps on some vessels. All of the vessels offer fine dining, recreation, entertainment, shopping, sport, and wellness facilities including spas. Some of the ships without casino feature 4D Cinema as part of the kids' package of family fun. Some of the amenities found on Costa Cruises Fortuna, sailing out of Port Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates include a theater, library, art gallery, cognac bar and a cigar bar. Dining ranges from casual to fine dining on all vessels with 7-Michelin starred chef's tending to your needs on some. For those who smoke and those who prefer not to be exposed, all cabins and public rooms are smoke-free. There are designated spaces on open decks for smokers and you can smoke on your private cabin balcony - and of course, in the Cigar Bar. e-cigarettes are in your cabin as well. neoClassica and neoRomantica sail out of Mumbai, India and Port Louis, Mauritius respectively and offer a good variety of gaming. Crystal Cruises is an American luxury liner with two casino outfitted ships as of 2018. Formerly owned and operated by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) with Caesars Casinos onboard, the line was sold to Genting Hong Kong in 2015. The casinos were rebranded as Resorts World casinos after Genting's other land-based casino brand. The subsidiary was also renamed to Crystal, Ltd and maintains headquarters in Los Angeles, California, and Miami, Florida. Additional luxury brands in service or under development include Crystal River Cruises, Crystal Yacht Expedition Cruises, Crystal Luxury Air and Crystal AirCruises. Crystal Cruises is currently the only division to offer full-service onboard casino amenities. Both the Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity were scheduled for major makeovers upon acquisition. In October 2017 the Symphony emerged from a multimillion-dollar renovation with luxury suites and penthouses in addition to more standard accommodations. The 50,000-ton vessel formerly accommodated 1,000 passengers but now offers more space and luxury to just 848 guests over eight decks. The new deck configuration for Serenity unveiled in November 2018. The Serenity offers 9 decks including the uppermost Sun Deck with elevator service. In addition to a large social area, vacationers will find paddle tennis courts, a sliding glass roof that can retract and let air as well as light into the Trident area, a weight room, spa, and salon. Like the Symphony, the 4,500 sq ft casino is found on the second level Tiffany Deck. Games offered include Blackjack , Roulette, Slot machines, Bingo, Mini-Baccarat, Texas Hold'em, and Three Card Poker. In addition to open floor casino space and VIP rooms, a luxury showroom and stage is fore - with an atrium, retail outlets, a Hollywood Theater, bistro, photo gallery, nightclub, connoisseur club (smoking lounge), saloon, and dance club with a stage - all aft of the casino. Look for Umi Uma & Sushi Bar on Serenity from November 2018 - Chef Nobu Matsuhisa's only Nobu at sea. All chefs have been personally trained by the master himself. Additional fine dining sees Prego bring the flavors of Italy to the Serenity. Every day dining is also available in the Crystal Dining Room with signature menus focused on two choices - one classic, the other, modern. Crystal Cove is a luxury cognac bar featuring Rémy Martin Louis XIII at the top end as well as wines, liqueurs, tequila, and grappa. The Penthouse Suites at 982 square feet (91.23 sqm) offer verandahs as do some staterooms, Other staterooms feature large picture windows. Elevator service is provided to all decks. The ships' ports of call are Philipsburg, Sint Maarten and the Port of Anchorage in Anchorage, Alaska. Cunard Line has been operated by Carnival since 1998, but the company has a rich and illustrious history dating back to 1839. Starting out with Britain's first transatlantic steamship mail contract, there are now three vessels in operation offering Northern European, Mediterranean, Transatlantic, Caribbean, and World Cruises. The fleet currently consists of the ocean liner Queen Mary 2 , and cruise ships Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria . A 4th vessel is slated for operation n 2022. There is a casino on board each Cunard ship. However, not all cruises offer gambling as the Empire Casinos do not open during voyages without foreign ports of call on the itinerary. Vessels stopping in Dublin, Cobh, St Peters Port and all foreign country ports will sail outside of UK territorial waters (12 miles/45 minutes) and the casinos will be opened while outside of the UKGC's jurisdiction. Queen Mary 2 offers Roulette, Blackjack, Three card poker, and Heads up Texas Hold'em - a house-banked casino game played against the dealer - as well as about 100 slot machines. There are 9 gaming tables in total aboard QM2. As mention, the casino opens about 45 minutes after leaving port. Once out to sea, slots machines are available for play beginning at 10am. Tables are open from 11am until 5pm, and then again from 7:30pm until close. Closing time is at the discretion of the casino manager. Queen Elizabeth offers about 45 slot machines and 5 gaming tables. Available table games include Roulette, Blackjack, Three Card Poker, and Fun 21. Queen Victoria features about 45 slots and the same mix of games spread over 5 tables as are found on Queen Elizabeth. Table limits on all ships vary from $3 - $25 minimums with maximum bets ranging from $100 - $500. Reels slots, video slots, and video poker machines are multi-denominational with 'coin' sizes ranging from a penny to $5. All machines are coinless. Deposits are accepted in notes or via cruise cards. Cashouts are done to your card. Cash and cards are accepted at the tables to purchase chips. A credit card must be registered at the front desk in order to use your cruise card for gambling. "Onboard spending money" is not accepted for chip purchases. Complimentary gaming lessons are available during the day for those who may not be familiar with the rules or practices of certain games. Glory Sea is the first cruise ship launched by Diamond Cruise International Co. The ship is a luxury liner with an ever-changing itinerary that has included short cruises sailing from China's Shanghai port 2016-2017, and a 10-month charter with roundtrip cruises from Sokcho, South Korea which began in November 2017. Some destinations included Japan and Vladivostok , Russia, Vietnam’s Ha Long Bay from China’s “Coconut City,” Haikou, along with Da Nang and Nha Trang, as well as Manila and Boracay in the Philippines. Upon launch, the onboard VIP casino was operated by Century Casinos, Inc. , which also operates casinos aboard ships owned by TUI Cruises, Thomson Cruises, and Windstar Cruises. Immediately prior to its acquisition by Diamond Cruise parent company, Suzhou Taihu International Travel Agency, the vessel was known as Celestyal Odyssey and help a slightly smaller casino on the 6th deck. After the 2016 refurbishment, the Century casino offered 16 table games with a VIP room, and 40 gaming machines. Games offered include blackjack, roulette, 3 Card Poker, Sic Bo, baccarat and video slots. Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines is owned by a Norwegian company, Bonheur and Ganger Rolf, part of the Fred. Olsen Group. Company headquarters are located in Ipswich, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom. The company was started in 1848 by three brothers who embarked on a business of international shipping. Still, a family company, five generations of Olsens have participated in the venture as well as several other sectors from shipbuilding to electronics. There are five ships in the current fleet including the Brabant, Fred Olsens's first river cruise. All of the ships offer gaming opportunities, but the voyages are not usually undertaken with a primary focus on gambling. Each vessel has two gaming tables - one for blackjack and another for roulette. Many experienced passengers report that the tables are not open on every voyage. However, gambling is an advertised service and a croupier will most likely open a table upon request if it is not already in action. Guests will need to be at least 18 years of age to play. Only cash (Pounds Sterling) is accepted at the tables and bets cannot be charged to your room account. The Oceangoing ships are Black Watch ,  Braemar, Boudicca , and Balmoral. Onboard, passengers will find restaurants and fine dining, bars and lounges, relaxation and fitness and plenty of entertainment and fun activities which vary from sailing to sailing. Be sure to ask about the Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs), a great way to explore! The Genting Hongkong is a Corosration who owns and operate one of the leading global leisure, entertainment and other businesses. One of the major businesses of Genting Hongkong are Resorts World Manila whom opened last August 29, 2009 together with three big luxurious Hotels such us Maxims Hotel, Remington Hotel and Mariott Hotel . Another Property of Genting are Star Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Line whos offering cruise shipping to over 200 destinations all over the world and with 39,000 lower berths approximately. Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. operates the Emerald Princess Casino out of Brunswick, Georgia in the United States. The departure and return location is about halfway between Savannah, GA, and Jacksonville, FL. Out to sea, are St. Simons Island, Sea Island, Jekyll Island, Little St. Simons Island. The ship is rather small at 200 feet so passengers who have issues with motion sickness may want to use an appropriate medication or another method to deal with it. Two of the ship's four decks are devoted to gambling. Smoking is allowed on both levels but never on the third level Bistro Deck. The fourth deck is an open-air observation deck. Guests must be 18 or older to board and gamble and must be at least 21 years of age to drink alcohol. Gambling opportunities are few and far between for many people in the state, so the cruise operator is highly appreciated by most. Holland America Line was founded in the late 1800s as the Netherlands-America Steamship Company. The company's first vacation cruise was offered in 1895. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA, since 1989, it is now part of Carnival Corporation . The line currently comprises about 15 ships, all with casinos onboard. One of the company's greatest legacies is their part in helping to settle America by transporting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to the New World. The fleet consists of mid-sized ships with the smallest, an 'elegant explorer', the Prinsendam slated for retirement in 2019 and new vessels being commissioned in the Pinnacle Class like the MS Koningsdam, Nieuw Statendam , and Nieuw Ryndam with 12 decks and passenger complements of 2,650. Nieuw Ryndam is expected to be brought into service before the end of 2021. Casino hours vary from ship to ship. The minimum gambling age in international waters is 18 with the exception of Alaska Cruises where guests must be 21 or older. Blackjack, roulette, three card poker, and slots are found on most ships. Craps are available on some ships. The casinos are all well arranged and well maintained. Roulette can be found with $1 minimums in some cases, otherwise, most table games start at $5. Slots denominations range from a penny to $5 machines, Be sure to check the video poker paytables before getting too carried away. Depending on the cruise, bingo prizes can range from $2,000 to $100,000. All feature slots and blackjack tournaments. Whether you are sailing out of a US eastern or western port, Kowloon , Saint George's or Sydney , HAL offers a great gaming experience along with a stately cruise full of entertainment possibilities. Restaurants and fine dining, nightly entertainment, bars and lounges, diverse onboard activities like cooking workshops, wine tasting, and BBC Earth Experiences on board are just the tip of the mountain of fun that awaits on a Holland America Line cruise anywhere in the world. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD. was first known as Norwegian Caribbean Line when launched in 1966. Through a series of mergers, decouplings, acquisitions and investments the NYSE-listed company based in Florida is now owned in the minority by private equity companies as well as Genting Group which holds an 11.1% stake. The NCL holding company also owns Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises through a 2014 acquisition of parent company, Prestige Cruises International, Inc. Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL) offers informal casino cruises with no structured time for meals and some other activities and no need to dress formally at mealtime. For family travelers, Norwegian Escape, Breakaway, Getaway, and Epic offer the most 'kid friendly' cruises. All 15 of the ships, including Pride of America, the only US-flagged vessel in the fleet, offer gambling once the ships leave territorial waters. Game variety varies from ship to ship but a sampling of available games includes slots, blackjack and 21 variants, craps, roulette, three card poker, let it ride, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, baccarat, Pai Gow poker, and Texas Hold'em poker. Some of the blackjack variants include a Lucky Ladies side bet with a $5,000 jackpot. Lucky Ladies is available on all ships. All ships except Epic, Breakaway, and Getaway offer a Wheel of Madness side bet on the game. The optional bet can range from $1 to $10. When a player with a stake on the wheel is dealt a natural Blackjack they'll get a spin on the wheel to determine their side bet multiplier. The top prize is $5,000. For those who enjoy sailing on small city-size ships, Norwegian has added a third vessel to its Breakaway-Plus series with the launch of the 168,028-ton, 1,082-foot-long,  20-deck, 4,004 passenger Norwegian Bliss in 2018. She joins Escape and Joy in the class. Those ships launched in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cruise line is very popular and consistently adds to its fleet. There are 7 new additions to the fleet slated for release between 2019 and 2027. The five most recent debuts include Norwegian Bliss (2018), Joy (2017) Escape (2015), Getaway (2014), and Breakaway (2013). So far, Norwegian Bliss is the most innovative casino ship in the fleet with over 300 pokies (slots and video poker) and 25 gaming tables. Across the fleet, poker players register well ahead of time for the Norwegian Cruise Line Poker Challenge (NCLPC). The field is expected to surpass 400 participants soon. Oceania Cruises launched their first ship in 2002 and currently has a fleet of six ships. All of them offer gambling facilities. Founded by a team of cruise industry veterans, the company was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD in 2014 along with a sister company, Regent Seven Seas Cruises . Norwegian (NCL) is headquartered in Florida. All of Oceania's vessels fly the flag of the Marshall Islands. There are 4 ships in the Regatta class, all were built in 1998, 1999, or 2000. The MS Regatta was launched in 2003 and last refurbished in 2014. The most recent launch in the class was the 30,277 ton, 343 cabin, MS Sirena . The former Ocean Princess underwent a $40 million refurbishment in France and launched in 2016. Two brand new Oceania class ships were commissioned from Italian builder Fincantieri and are the first two new builds for the company. MS Marina , at 66,084 tons can hold 1,250 passengers and 580 of the 625 suites and cabins have private verandas. Marina launched in 2011. Her sister ship, which launched in 2012, is the MS Riviera . Two-week-long cruises are the norm for Oceania but they are most well known for much longer tours such as "Around the World in 180 Days" voyages and others lasting up to 195 days. The 6-month world cruises began in 2015. Bookings for the 180-Day World Cruises are taken up to two years in advance. The casinos are rather small in relation to the overall ship size on some vessels, mainly due to the extended times at sea. However, they are also a favorite attraction of many oceanfarers. The gambling spaces are well designed and stylish and offer table limits for all levels of players. The gaming machines include reel and video slots and video poker machines. Key card wagering makes the slots cashless. Casino credit is available to qualified guests and should be arranged one-month prior to departure. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check is required when you board the vessel in order to activate a credit line. All gaming is in USD and Euros can be exchanged on board. All play is tracked and rewarded through the Casinos at Sea rewards program which has 5 tiers. Points can be transfered from ship to ship and slot players can redeem rewards at any time onscreen while playing any game. P&O Cruises is the oldest cruise line in the world. The original company was founded in 1837 and the first passenger cruises from Southampton were offered in 1844. A series of de-mergers and mergers beginning in 2000 culminated in a merger with Carnival Corporation in 2003. The company operates seven cruise ships including Britannia which launched in early 2015. Two more large vessels are planned for launch in 2020 and 2020. All ships offer casino gaming once entering international waters. Table games, slot machines, bingo, scratch cards, and video horse racing are all offered. Roulette, blackjack, and three card poker are offered on all ships. Three of the casinos also offer Fun 21. If you don't see the game when aboard the Arcadia and there is an empty blackjack table, ask your host to flip the table as the Fun 21 felt is just underneath. Purchase your chips from the dealer with cash or your cruise card. All winnings are cashed out onto your cruise card. Slot machines all operate on a coinless system. To play, simply insert your cruise card or cash notes. Bingo offers five cash prizes each full day out to sea. There's also a jackpot that grows with nearly every game and must be won by the conclusion of the cruise. Scratch cards have prizes up to £20,000 and can be purchased at the casino desk. Video horse racing is presented on big screens. Arcadia features 4 tables and a variety of slots on the F deck. Aurora's casino is located on the Prom deck and features 4 tables and slots. Head to the F deck on Azura to find five tables offering three card poker, blackjack, roulette x2, and Fun 21. The casino on Britannia is deck 6 with 2 tables each offering blackjack, roulette, and three card poker. Oceana has five tables on D deck - Oriana offers 23 tables on the Prom deck, and there are five tables on F deck of Ventura. On sea days slots are open on all ships from 10 am until late with tables opening at noon. On port days, gaming doesn't start until the ship reaches international waters, which usually takes about 45 minutes. Opening times can vary by jurisdiction, but the demarcation point is usually 12 miles outside of port limits. Be sure to cash in your chips before leaving the ship. If you happen to forget, you can bring them along for your next voyage but may meet delays while the chips are authenticated. Princess Cruises launched their first Mexican Riviera cruise in 1965 but didn't become a household name known to people who vacation at sea until about a decade later when the company was acquired by P&O, who at the time was the world's largest oceanic shipper with more 300 vessels in operation. Baby boomers may recall Island Princess and Pacific Princess as the ships featured in the 1970s television series, The Love Boat. P&O spun off its passenger division in 2000, and it merged with Carnival in 2003. The combined company then featured 11 different brands of cruise ship companies. Princess, Carnival, and Holland America stopped requisitioning new ships during the 2008 economic downturn but added three new 3,600 passenger ships beginning with Royal Princess in 2013 and Regal Princess which entered service in 2014. A third Fincantieri-built ship, Majestic Princess launched in 2017. The entire current fleet flies the flag of Bermuda except for Royal, Majestic, Golden, Diamond, and Sapphire Princess which ships call the UK home. Three additional Bermuda-flagged Royal Class vessels are slated for launch in 2019, 2020, and 2022. Departure points for Princess Cruises include Vancouver, Canada , Brisbane, Rozelle, and Melbourne in Australia; Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and San Francisco in the US, as well as Marina Bay, Singapore ; Rome, Italy, and Piraeus in Greece. USA Today has awarded Princess the accolade of "Best cruise lines for Gamblers" and slots fans are frequently offered high return tournaments like the $200,000 Monopoly Cruise for Cash tournament. There are tournaments on every cruise so blackjack players and slots spinners have a chance to compete against their shipmates for cash prizes. Games vary from ship to ship but most voyagers will find traditional, video, and progressive jackpot slot machines as well as video poker. Table games can include heads-up Texas Hold ‘Em poker, and casino games like Caribbean Stud Poker, Three Card Poker and Let it Ride. Blackjack, dice, roulette, and other table games are available on most ships and you can even play bingo with ticket packages ranging from $10 to $30. A fairly new "class" of ships was introduced in 2017, known as the Ocean Medallion Class. These are 'the internet of things' ships with omnichannel connectivity to guests accounts from a medallion wristband. On ships appointed with the amenity, guests have access to the PlayOcean Casino and PlayOcean Everywhere so they can play real money games anywhere on the ship. Regent Seven Seas Cruises [(RSSC) formerly Radisson SSC] was founded in 1990. It is a luxury cruise line company offering an all-inclusive experience. Regent was a sister company of Oceania Cruises . The parent company, Prestige Cruise Holdings was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Lines in 2014. Regent Seven Seas Cruises' current fleet comprises 4 ships ranging from 28,550 gross tons to 54,000 GT. The largest ship to date is Seven Seas Explorer built in 2016 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri of Sestri Ponente, Genova.  Fincantieri has also been commissioned to delivers the 55k GT Seven Seas Splendor in early 2020. All vessels are currently Bahamian-flagged. The fleet's casino ships sail out of Sydney, Australia; the Port of Miami in the US, and Kavala, Greece. In early 2017 the parent company announced that a new Port of Miami terminal was under development for completion prior to 2020. All of the casinos in the fleet share in the Norwegian Cruise Lines Casinos At Sea rewards program. The rewards program has five tiers with the top three sharing a host of benefits including cruise suite discounts and convenience fee waivers. First-tier and all other players will enjoy promotional offers, pint redemtions for free play, and the ability t transfer points from ship to ship. Second tier members also receive special birthday offers. Point redemption for free play is easy. Slots and video poker players can cash in right at the machine they are playing at any time or do as table players do and redeem points at the casino cage. Casino credit is available to all players with an existing reservation. Please make arrangements at least 30 days in advance of your voyage. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check will be required on board to activate the line. The Casino on Seven Seas Mariner sailing out of Greece is located on Deck 7. The gaming facilities are open daily when territorial border limits do not restrict operations.  Blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and slot machines are available for play. Adult Entertainment beyond the casino floor includes a show lounge in the style of a Parisian cabaret with musical productions staged by experienced Broadway pros. The Connoisseur Club is a special hideaway where fine cognac and imported cigars are enjoyed by shipmates engaging in friendly conversation while they enjoy the finer things in life. Royal Caribbean International is a Miami-based cruise line brand owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. The company was founded in Norway in 1968 and has over 20 ships in operation as well as a future fleet that will bring that number to 30. You might be wondering: "How many of the oceangoing vessels have casinos?" Good news for seafaring gamblers! Royal Caribbean has outfitted their entire current fleet with onboard casinos! Some are a little bigger than others, and some have more game variety, but they all have lots of slots and plenty of table game action. Sailing out of England? Consider booking the Navigator of the Seas ; From Barcelona, Vision; Shanghai? Quantum of the Seas ; Hong Kong, Voyager. Most of the other cruises depart from the U.S . and Puerto Rico . All of the casinos offer thousands of square feet of Vegas-style action under the lights with video slots, video poker, table games, and tournaments. Some of the table games you can expect to find on your Royal Caribbean cruise are: Single Deck Blackjack Roulette Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'Em Let It Ride Three Card Poker Blackjack with Side Bets like Lucky Ladies Walking up to a high stakes blackjack table and sitting down with a stack of chips in front of you can seem intimidating to casual players and those who may need to brush up a little on their game. Royal Caribbean has you covered! During the day, your hosts will be glad to teach you the ins and outs of any game from roulette to baccarat. Once you get your "sea legs" for the game you can join a tournament where everyone has a chance to progress to the grand finale without risking stacks of your hard earned cash along the way. If you want to win big prizes with more help from Lady Luck than your own gambling experience, try a Slot Tournament. Simply go to the Casino Cash Desk when the casino is open to enroll in a qualifying tournament. Even Beginner's Luck can help you grab a chunk of the $50,000 prize pool! This might seem crazy: Poker players can qualify for the Royal Poker Tournament throughout the year. Winners are eligible for entry into the finals with a chance to win part of the $100,000 Royal Poker Prize Pool! Don't forget, you may be eligible for a free cruise vacation for two along the way. What Else Can I Look Forward To? Visit the Royal Caribbean Casino Cruise Experience to learn more about... Casino Promotions Club Royal Events Casino Rewards Program Casino Credit Win/Loss Statements Wire Transfer Instructions If you have questions now you can contact the Casino Call Center at (888) 561-2234. Seabourn Cruise Line offers casino gaming on all five of its luxury liner cruise ships. The company was founded in 1986 in Norway. Carnival Corp began purchasing shares in 1991 and completed ownership in 2001. The company moved its Miami headquarters to Seattle, Washington in 2011 to join Holland America Line . With home ports in the U.S., Argentina, and Singapore the company's five luxury casino cruise ships are... Seabourn Ovation Seabourn Encore Seabourn Quest Seabourn Odyssey Seabourn Sojourn You might be asking yourself: Should I book a Seabourn Cruise for gambling? The answer to that is simple. It depends on what you are looking for in a casino cruise... 1) How long do I want to be on the ship? 2) How much time will I spend in the casino? 3) Do I want a Las Vegas on the seas experience? 4) Would I be happy with a few slot machines and occasional table action? 5) Can I afford a Seabourn casino cruise? We'll help you answer those questions and more by sharing some things we know about the Seabourn Difference . Seabourn offers Caribbean cruises as short as seven days. They also offer mid-length ventures and journeys up to 100 days. Shore excursions are available on some cruises. The casinos onboard the ships are all on Deck 5 near the aft deck. They are small by most land casino standards with less than two dozen slots and video poker machines and 3 or 4 gaming tables. The gaming areas are located fore of The Club and near the Club Bar. Men and women's restrooms are adjacent to the gaming areas. The gaming areas are well appointed and well kept. They simply aren't large enough to provide a Las Vegas-style experience when you aren't actually gambling. Table games include Blackjack , Roulette , and Poker . Seabourn is a luxury cruise liner... Expect to pay top price for your cruise Formal nights are optional so you could save on wardrobe costs Prices are all-inclusive so your drinks are paid for Gourmands will especially appreciate Restaurant 2 Now that you know more about gambling at sea with Seabourn, you can sign up for special offers or explore the video gallery and choose a destination in the Caribbean, Mediterranian, Asia, or plan a Transatlantic cruise ! Expect to meet others onboard who are: Older, financially secure, well-dressed. Silversea Cruises is a mid-level luxury cruise line established in 1994 by the Lefebvre family of Rome, Italy. The company is headquartered in Monaco and owned in the majority (67%) by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd . The company's current fleet comprises nine vessels. The largest and newest ship is Silver Muse at 40,700 gross tons and capacity for nearly 600 passengers. Six of the ships are over sixteen tons and three are clippers in the company's Expedition fleet. Seafaring gamblers will find casinos aboard: Silver Cloud Silver Wind Silver Shadow Silver Whisper Silver Spirit (Refurbished/expanded March 2018) Silver Muse (Launched 2017) There are no gaming facilities on the smaller expedition class ships. You might be wondering... What are the best cruises for gambling? Really, any cruise anywhere in the world under 7 days is best. Why? The longer cruises tend to attract older vacationers who go to bed early. If you like the casino all to yourself, a longer cruise may be best. All of the ships with gaming offer Blackjack, Roulette, and slots. The two newer and larger ships have roomier, more opulent casino gaming areas with plenty of action. The smallest casino is on Silversea Wind with nine gaming machines and four tables. You can click the following link to view the casino aboard Silver Shadow . True luxury at mid-class prices: All inclusive pricing makes a Silverseas cruise an easy decision. You'll find most of your cruise mates are couples and the younger more upwardly mobile families have opted for a Carnival or Royal Caribbean cruise. Enjoy: All-Inclusive experience (gratuities included in fare) Fine dining (diverse cuisine, open seating, 24 hours) Private veranda (855 of suites) Very personalized service (Butler service in every suite) Champagne, wine, and spirits (anywhere on the ship including in-suite) Entertainment Complimentary transportation (in most port towns) Spa and fitness facilities If I run out of cash can I get an advance for the casino or shore excursions? Cash advances are limited to $1,000 per voyage per suite. Onboard cash advance services incur a 2% fee. Onboard credit cannot be used in the casino. Can I gamble online? Silversea offers unlimited free Wi-Fi. There are no known restrictions on personal usage. Your suite status will determine a premium or standard Wi-Fi package. If unsure of local laws, please wait until you are 12 miles out to sea before you gambling online . Where can I find out more? You can check out the individual casino cruises by clicking a link below. Contact information is also available on the profile pages. You can also visit SILVERSEA to find exclusive offers, request a quote or brochure, or book your cruise vacation now! Victory Casino Cruises has been running out of Port Canaveral, Florida since 2011. If you are looking for a 'cruise to nowhere' this might be your best bet. The Victory I first set sail in 1972 and was refurbished before Victory launched their casino cruise. If you've ever been on a gambling ship, as opposed to a luxury cruise liner with a casino... You might ask: "I thought gambling was a monopoly in Florida. How do they do it?" Yes, most of the slots and table games are in the Seminole Tribe's Hard Rock casinos . You can find poker and a few other games like poker at Florida racetracks and jai alai frontons. Once the ship enters international waters, Florida gambling laws no longer apply. The 3-mile journey usually takes about 30 minutes - then the games are on! #1 Florida Casino Cruise? Judging by the reviews on TripAdvisor , most people are extremely satisfied with their Victory Casino Cruise experiences. Those who weren't might not have known what to expect. This is a gambling ship You'll be out to sea for 5-6 hours People smoke outside, so you might smell it You might say: "Okay, I get it. But what about the casino... is it a real casino?" Oh yeah! It's a real casino alright. There are over 600 slots so there should always be some open. On a busy cruise, they'll open up to 100 gaming tables. That puts it on par with most Downtown Las Vegas properties and quite a few on the Strip. Here's what you can play... Slots Blackjack $5-$500 - dealer stands all 17's - BJ pays 3:2 Craps Roulette EZ Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'em Mississippi Stud Three Card Poker Let It Ride Bingo Only Legal Sportsbook in Florida!!! Read on for more about the boat and what's on it... Four decks are available on the 2,137 GT, 368-foot gambling ship built at the Bellinger Shipyard, Jacksonville FL in 1972. Deck 1 - Sportsbook Lounge, Atlantic Cafe Deck 2 - High-limit slots, Table games Deck 3 - Slots atrium Deck 4 - Big Norm's Club V, Outside deck Dolphin Bar Big Norm's Club V is open 7 days a week. On weekends it turns into more of a nightclub with DJ's, internationally and locally renowned musicians. Where to learn more about Victory Casino Cruise Location Captain's Weather Blog Transportation Windstar Cruises is a luxury cruise line established in 1984. Based in Seattle, Washington the company's fleet comprises 6 yachts with capacities ranging from 148 to 310 guests. The line is owned by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Inc., whose parent company is The Anschutz Corporation. Former owners include Holland America Line . All six ships offer casino gambling . So... Other than offering luxury yachts, what sets Windstar apart? For the answer to that, let's look at the company's flagship vessel, The Wind Star . In service since 1986, the Wind Star features a spa, a Signature shop, library, veranda, watersports platform, whirlpool, pool bar, gourmet restaurant/lounge, a casino, and Windstar's Open Bridge Policy. When the weather is good... The Captain will welcome you to the bridge No reservations needed Shop with the chefs at foreign markets Sample the local fare and help pick out: produce spices herbs local treats Enjoy the next moveable feast onboard! Watersports Platform snorkeling paddle boarding swimming sailing water skiing windsurfing kayaking The Rest of the Fleet Wind Spirit (most popular casino ship) Wind Surf (the largest, formerly Club Med 1) Star Pride (formerly Seabourn Pride) Star Breeze (formerly Seabourn Breeze) Star Legend (formerly Seabourn Legend) Okay, now, some gambling details Age to Play: 21 While we're talking about age... This line is not recommended for families with children except for older teens. Very few organized activities. Sightseeing and adult socializing are key cruise features. Games: Blackjack, roulette, slots , poker The ships have a mix of gaming opportunities. Expect all on larger ships like Wind Surf. Table Minimum : $5 Slots: Multidenominational Onboard Credit: Arrange prior to departure for best success Smoking: Not allowed in the casino - only  in designated smoking areas on outside decks Learn more about what makes Windstar different Learn more about Windstar Policies - Read the FAQ Additional gambling opportunities on a Windstar Cruise If you want to take a shore excursion and include a casino night... Choose a destination or cruise with a layover to Monte Carlo ! Please keep in mind that all casinos in Monaco require men to wear a jacket and tie. Top Destinations: Asia Caribbean Costa Rica/Panama Cana Mediterranean Mexico How do I get there? Visit Windstar Cruises to find a cruise, plan your journey, look for specials, or dream about the yachts ! Seafaring gamblers in the Nordic region, especially the northern parts of the Baltic Sea, have been enjoying the gambling services of Paf on Tallink and Silja line cruises for over three decades. The Åland-based service provider's contract is up for renewal at five year periods with 2023 on the horizon fore or aft. Onboard games include popular slots, bingo, poker, table and card games, lotteries, and sports betting. Departure points for gambling cruises include Stockholm in Sweden along with Helsinki and Turku in Finland. The Baltic Princess sails out of Stockholm twice each day and offers full family entertainment and escape with a well-staffed Siljaland playroom for the kids. It's one of the newest ships on the Baltic and offers no-limit Texas Hold'em tournaments and daily live entertainment. Cruise ferry Galaxy offers 927 cabins over 12 decks, several restaurants and bars, as well as a kids zone. The onboard casino has slots, roulette, and blackjack tables. This vessel is often used for business meetings as the modern 450 conference center attracts the business class as well as weddings and family parties and gatherings. The sauna department is highly rated. The Silja Symphony departs from Stockholm and is an older ship launched in 1991. A favorite of many seeking a break, this is a unique vessel. The heart of the ship features a pedestrian streetwalk down the Promenade with top-tier restaurants, cafes, and a variety of shops on either side. The casino is located in the bow of the ship on Deck 7 where you'll find roulette, poker and slot machines. Silja Serenade Cruise Ship sails out of Helsinki and is perhaps the premier gambling ship in the fleet. There are ten classes of cabins and suites from the special cabins designed to accommodate people with special needs and those who are traveling with a pet or have allergies to the Executive Suite on Deck 11 with 75m2 of luxurious space and featuring its own sauna. Paf has recently upgraded the manual payment system in its casinos on the Tallink & Silja Line, replacing coins with tickets - adding another level of convenience and comfort for adventurers. AS Tallink Grupp services nearly 10 million passengers each year on its 14 consumer vessels. Paf also operates the casino aboard Casino Sunborn in Gibraltar , a 5-star superyacht, and the Paf Casino on Åland with more than 1,500 slot machines and 55 gaming tables in operation. Big M Gaming LLC operates two gambling cruise ships out of Little River, SC in the United States; Big "M" Casino Ship I and Big "M" Casino Ship II . The seaside of Little River is better known as Myrtle Beach. It is situated next to the South/North Carolina border and has been continuously inhabited since the first trading post was established in the 1700's. Big M offers 5-hour gambling cruises with a set-price all you can eat buffet and is very popular in the region. There are no land casinos in the state. The closest terrestrial casino is Harrah's Cherokee nearly 6 hours away in North Carolina. Due to strict gambling laws in the state, the only way to play blackjack or slots legally is to go out to sea. Gaming is only allowed after you are at least 3 miles away from shore but the ships may travel as far as 15 miles out. It takes about 45 minutes to reach international waters. The minimum age to board either ship is 21. Smoking is only allowed on the main deck casino during gaming hours. Both ships also offer smoke-free gaming decks with slot machines. Both ships offer Las Vegas-style gambling. Only Ship I has Texas Hold ’em poker. Both casinos host slots, roulette, craps, Let it Ride, 3-card poker and other specialty games. Both ships are well maintained and kept clean, although we wouldn't go so far as to refer to them as ' luxury yachts ' as the company does, they are nicely appointed and there is plenty of room to move around. The ships are rarely, if ever, out to sea at the same time so if you have a preference (outer deck smoking, prime rib or seafood buffets, etc.), it's always a good idea to call ahead or visit the website for a schedule and current prices. The water can get a bit rough any time of the year and the outings occur every month. Some people will choose to eat on the way out, others on the way back to port, and others may not eat at all. The price of the buffet is not included in boarding fees. The buffet deck is not handicap accessible but staff will gladly bring food to the main deck and set up a comfortable dining space for those who can't reach the restaurant. Sandwiches are available on the top deck throughout the cruise. BUffet prices are reasonable. Beer, wine, and well drinks are about the same price as you'll find in the town of Little River . Carnival Cruise Line offers casino gaming on over two dozen ships departing from the U.S. and other ports from Honolulu, Hawaii, and Miami, to Barcelona, Spain .  While the gaming centers may have different names from vessel to vessel, most are fairly generic capitalizing on formulas the cruise giant has developed over the years. Your Sail & Sign card also doubles as Carnival Players Club card at all of the casinos. The Ocean Players Club covers you on any Carnival Casino cruise, Ibero Cruceros, P&O Cruises, Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, Holland America, Cunard, Seabourn, and Princess Cruises. Carnival ships are family ships, so there's always a safe and healthy place for the kids to play while mom and dad head out for a little Las Vegas-style action during their escape to sea. Most Carnival casinos allow passengers 18 years of age and older to enter and play in the casinos. Common among most of the gaming decks are optional casino tournaments featuring slots, poker, and blackjack . The cost of tournaments change from time to time, ship to ship, and game to game but the payouts for winning on sheer luck can pay for the trip and more. Slots are the biggest draw with games from top developers and providers such as Aruze, Bally, and IGT. The Sphinx 3D™ by IGT gives players all the thrills they would ever expect in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. But if you want a dealer or croupier to get to know you by name you'll have to go to the table. Most of the blackjack tables have low buy-ins but if enough high rollers want a game your Carnival casino host will probably accommodate the request. You're not likely to find single-deck action but there are plenty of variations on the basic theme to keep most players happy including Face-Up 21, Fun 21, and classic blackjack. Most ships offer poker tournaments or at least a table or two for poker players. The electronic PokerPro tables might take some players a couple of minutes to get used to - just cup your hands around the display of face-down cards to see them revealed. If you're a poker junky and on a vessel with  Ocean Medallion technology, you can play 24/7 on your mobile device even if the tables floor tables are closed. Slots , bingo, and roulette are also available on some cruises. Players won't find free drinks coming around every few minutes like they do in Las Vegas, and you'll have to be at least 21 to order a partake, but Carnival offers double the comps for gameplay compared to other cruise lines. This means that your casino points add up to free beer, wine, and cocktails or even non-alcoholic drinks if you prefer. For the not-so-serious gamblers, there are also prize games - some require skill, and all require luck. Win a stack of greenbacks on the Cash Cube or try your hand at picking up pricey electronics and other prizes on a claw machine. Celebrity Cruises offer a single brand of casino experience across the fleet of gaming equipped vessels. Every Celebrity cruise ship except the Expedition has a Fortune Casino onboard. All ships offer blackjack, roulette, poker, craps, and a wide range of slot machines.  For guests on the Celebrity Solstice sailing out of Sydney, and several other cruises, baccarat (punto banco) is also available upon request. Since the casinos don't open for play until the cruise is in international waters, most gambling laws do not apply. Guests only need to be 18 years old to play, except for the Alaska Cruise which requires guests to be 21 or older.  No matter where the ship is, you need to be 21 to drink. Smoking is not allowed in any Fortunes Casino but all ships have designated outdoor smoking areas. Celebrity Cruises belongs to the International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) and adheres to council guidelines on gambling entertainment. All facilities and equipment meet regulatory standards equal to Nevada or other licensed jurisdictions for payback percentages ad internal software; abide by rules of play equal to Nevada, New Jersey or England, and all gambling operations are audited by Celebrity's internal audit department on a regular basis, among other controls. Fortunes Casino partners with MGM, so if you remember to use your player's club card you can earn comps and perks at land-based casinos while you are out at sea! All loyalty tiers can redeem points for free casino play. There are 5 tiers and players in the top 3 tiers receive anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars in free play each time they sail. There are now more than 20 perks and benefits associated with Blue Chip Club membership. Passengers will always find excellent dining and lounge options on Celebrity casino cruises as well as entertainment. Among the best-outfitted vessels for casino gaming players will find about 275 slot machines. Celebrity Millenium sailing out of Hong Kong, Infinity, Summit, and Constellation offer around 190 machines each, about a dozen mixed Las Vegas-style table games, and 1 electronic Pokermate Texas Hold 'Em table. Celebrity Reflection sailing out of Chile and Brazil, Equinox, Eclipse, Silhouette, and  Solstice each have more than a dozen tables with 2 poker tables each and baccarat upon request. All Fortune Casinos offer at least one single-deck blackjack table. Slots start at $0.01, they include reel slots and video bonus games. Video poker machines are included in the slot machines count. People who take the seas to gamble in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe know the Costa Cruises experience, or as the line is called in its native Italy, Costa Crociere. Vessels with onboard casinos include those sailing out of Marina Bay, Singapore ; Tianjin, China; Dubai, UAE; Port Louis, Mauritius; Mumbai, India and Savona, Italy . Starting out with cargo ships in 1854, the company started commercial activities from about 1924 until the first passenger services were begun in 1947 with regular services to South America. The then family-owned company eventually converted their fleet to cruising and became one of the largest operators in Europe before selling to Carnival in the year 2000. The Carnival family of companies now comprises  Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Crociere, Cunard Line, Holland America, Seabourn Cruise Lines, and Windstar Cruises with Costa accounting for about 16% of the parent company's revenue. Costa Cruises brand currently operates six casino ships and 8 vessels without gaming facilities. All sail under the Italian flag in the waters of the Caribbean, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia, and South America. None of the casino spaces are huge by international standards but all are well appointed and offer tables and slots. The Mediterranea , sailing out of Savona in Italy, offers the most slots with over 140 machines, while the Atlantica , departing from Tianjin, China offers the most table games with a count of 21. The table game selection varies by ship but you will usually find blackjack, roulette, and poker, as well as craps on some vessels. All of the vessels offer fine dining, recreation, entertainment, shopping, sport, and wellness facilities including spas. Some of the ships without casino feature 4D Cinema as part of the kids' package of family fun. Some of the amenities found on Costa Cruises Fortuna, sailing out of Port Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates include a theater, library, art gallery, cognac bar and a cigar bar. Dining ranges from casual to fine dining on all vessels with 7-Michelin starred chef's tending to your needs on some. For those who smoke and those who prefer not to be exposed, all cabins and public rooms are smoke-free. There are designated spaces on open decks for smokers and you can smoke on your private cabin balcony - and of course, in the Cigar Bar. e-cigarettes are in your cabin as well. neoClassica and neoRomantica sail out of Mumbai, India and Port Louis, Mauritius respectively and offer a good variety of gaming. Crystal Cruises is an American luxury liner with two casino outfitted ships as of 2018. Formerly owned and operated by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) with Caesars Casinos onboard, the line was sold to Genting Hong Kong in 2015. The casinos were rebranded as Resorts World casinos after Genting's other land-based casino brand. The subsidiary was also renamed to Crystal, Ltd and maintains headquarters in Los Angeles, California, and Miami, Florida. Additional luxury brands in service or under development include Crystal River Cruises, Crystal Yacht Expedition Cruises, Crystal Luxury Air and Crystal AirCruises. Crystal Cruises is currently the only division to offer full-service onboard casino amenities. Both the Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity were scheduled for major makeovers upon acquisition. In October 2017 the Symphony emerged from a multimillion-dollar renovation with luxury suites and penthouses in addition to more standard accommodations. The 50,000-ton vessel formerly accommodated 1,000 passengers but now offers more space and luxury to just 848 guests over eight decks. The new deck configuration for Serenity unveiled in November 2018. The Serenity offers 9 decks including the uppermost Sun Deck with elevator service. In addition to a large social area, vacationers will find paddle tennis courts, a sliding glass roof that can retract and let air as well as light into the Trident area, a weight room, spa, and salon. Like the Symphony, the 4,500 sq ft casino is found on the second level Tiffany Deck. Games offered include Blackjack , Roulette, Slot machines, Bingo, Mini-Baccarat, Texas Hold'em, and Three Card Poker. In addition to open floor casino space and VIP rooms, a luxury showroom and stage is fore - with an atrium, retail outlets, a Hollywood Theater, bistro, photo gallery, nightclub, connoisseur club (smoking lounge), saloon, and dance club with a stage - all aft of the casino. Look for Umi Uma & Sushi Bar on Serenity from November 2018 - Chef Nobu Matsuhisa's only Nobu at sea. All chefs have been personally trained by the master himself. Additional fine dining sees Prego bring the flavors of Italy to the Serenity. Every day dining is also available in the Crystal Dining Room with signature menus focused on two choices - one classic, the other, modern. Crystal Cove is a luxury cognac bar featuring Rémy Martin Louis XIII at the top end as well as wines, liqueurs, tequila, and grappa. The Penthouse Suites at 982 square feet (91.23 sqm) offer verandahs as do some staterooms, Other staterooms feature large picture windows. Elevator service is provided to all decks. The ships' ports of call are Philipsburg, Sint Maarten and the Port of Anchorage in Anchorage, Alaska. Cunard Line has been operated by Carnival since 1998, but the company has a rich and illustrious history dating back to 1839. Starting out with Britain's first transatlantic steamship mail contract, there are now three vessels in operation offering Northern European, Mediterranean, Transatlantic, Caribbean, and World Cruises. The fleet currently consists of the ocean liner Queen Mary 2 , and cruise ships Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria . A 4th vessel is slated for operation n 2022. There is a casino on board each Cunard ship. However, not all cruises offer gambling as the Empire Casinos do not open during voyages without foreign ports of call on the itinerary. Vessels stopping in Dublin, Cobh, St Peters Port and all foreign country ports will sail outside of UK territorial waters (12 miles/45 minutes) and the casinos will be opened while outside of the UKGC's jurisdiction. Queen Mary 2 offers Roulette, Blackjack, Three card poker, and Heads up Texas Hold'em - a house-banked casino game played against the dealer - as well as about 100 slot machines. There are 9 gaming tables in total aboard QM2. As mention, the casino opens about 45 minutes after leaving port. Once out to sea, slots machines are available for play beginning at 10am. Tables are open from 11am until 5pm, and then again from 7:30pm until close. Closing time is at the discretion of the casino manager. Queen Elizabeth offers about 45 slot machines and 5 gaming tables. Available table games include Roulette, Blackjack, Three Card Poker, and Fun 21. Queen Victoria features about 45 slots and the same mix of games spread over 5 tables as are found on Queen Elizabeth. Table limits on all ships vary from $3 - $25 minimums with maximum bets ranging from $100 - $500. Reels slots, video slots, and video poker machines are multi-denominational with 'coin' sizes ranging from a penny to $5. All machines are coinless. Deposits are accepted in notes or via cruise cards. Cashouts are done to your card. Cash and cards are accepted at the tables to purchase chips. A credit card must be registered at the front desk in order to use your cruise card for gambling. "Onboard spending money" is not accepted for chip purchases. Complimentary gaming lessons are available during the day for those who may not be familiar with the rules or practices of certain games. Glory Sea is the first cruise ship launched by Diamond Cruise International Co. The ship is a luxury liner with an ever-changing itinerary that has included short cruises sailing from China's Shanghai port 2016-2017, and a 10-month charter with roundtrip cruises from Sokcho, South Korea which began in November 2017. Some destinations included Japan and Vladivostok , Russia, Vietnam’s Ha Long Bay from China’s “Coconut City,” Haikou, along with Da Nang and Nha Trang, as well as Manila and Boracay in the Philippines. Upon launch, the onboard VIP casino was operated by Century Casinos, Inc. , which also operates casinos aboard ships owned by TUI Cruises, Thomson Cruises, and Windstar Cruises. Immediately prior to its acquisition by Diamond Cruise parent company, Suzhou Taihu International Travel Agency, the vessel was known as Celestyal Odyssey and help a slightly smaller casino on the 6th deck. After the 2016 refurbishment, the Century casino offered 16 table games with a VIP room, and 40 gaming machines. Games offered include blackjack, roulette, 3 Card Poker, Sic Bo, baccarat and video slots. Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines is owned by a Norwegian company, Bonheur and Ganger Rolf, part of the Fred. Olsen Group. Company headquarters are located in Ipswich, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom. The company was started in 1848 by three brothers who embarked on a business of international shipping. Still, a family company, five generations of Olsens have participated in the venture as well as several other sectors from shipbuilding to electronics. There are five ships in the current fleet including the Brabant, Fred Olsens's first river cruise. All of the ships offer gaming opportunities, but the voyages are not usually undertaken with a primary focus on gambling. Each vessel has two gaming tables - one for blackjack and another for roulette. Many experienced passengers report that the tables are not open on every voyage. However, gambling is an advertised service and a croupier will most likely open a table upon request if it is not already in action. Guests will need to be at least 18 years of age to play. Only cash (Pounds Sterling) is accepted at the tables and bets cannot be charged to your room account. The Oceangoing ships are Black Watch ,  Braemar, Boudicca , and Balmoral. Onboard, passengers will find restaurants and fine dining, bars and lounges, relaxation and fitness and plenty of entertainment and fun activities which vary from sailing to sailing. Be sure to ask about the Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs), a great way to explore! The Genting Hongkong is a Corosration who owns and operate one of the leading global leisure, entertainment and other businesses. One of the major businesses of Genting Hongkong are Resorts World Manila whom opened last August 29, 2009 together with three big luxurious Hotels such us Maxims Hotel, Remington Hotel and Mariott Hotel . Another Property of Genting are Star Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Line whos offering cruise shipping to over 200 destinations all over the world and with 39,000 lower berths approximately. Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. operates the Emerald Princess Casino out of Brunswick, Georgia in the United States. The departure and return location is about halfway between Savannah, GA, and Jacksonville, FL. Out to sea, are St. Simons Island, Sea Island, Jekyll Island, Little St. Simons Island. The ship is rather small at 200 feet so passengers who have issues with motion sickness may want to use an appropriate medication or another method to deal with it. Two of the ship's four decks are devoted to gambling. Smoking is allowed on both levels but never on the third level Bistro Deck. The fourth deck is an open-air observation deck. Guests must be 18 or older to board and gamble and must be at least 21 years of age to drink alcohol. Gambling opportunities are few and far between for many people in the state, so the cruise operator is highly appreciated by most. Holland America Line was founded in the late 1800s as the Netherlands-America Steamship Company. The company's first vacation cruise was offered in 1895. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA, since 1989, it is now part of Carnival Corporation . The line currently comprises about 15 ships, all with casinos onboard. One of the company's greatest legacies is their part in helping to settle America by transporting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to the New World. The fleet consists of mid-sized ships with the smallest, an 'elegant explorer', the Prinsendam slated for retirement in 2019 and new vessels being commissioned in the Pinnacle Class like the MS Koningsdam, Nieuw Statendam , and Nieuw Ryndam with 12 decks and passenger complements of 2,650. Nieuw Ryndam is expected to be brought into service before the end of 2021. Casino hours vary from ship to ship. The minimum gambling age in international waters is 18 with the exception of Alaska Cruises where guests must be 21 or older. Blackjack, roulette, three card poker, and slots are found on most ships. Craps are available on some ships. The casinos are all well arranged and well maintained. Roulette can be found with $1 minimums in some cases, otherwise, most table games start at $5. Slots denominations range from a penny to $5 machines, Be sure to check the video poker paytables before getting too carried away. Depending on the cruise, bingo prizes can range from $2,000 to $100,000. All feature slots and blackjack tournaments. Whether you are sailing out of a US eastern or western port, Kowloon , Saint George's or Sydney , HAL offers a great gaming experience along with a stately cruise full of entertainment possibilities. Restaurants and fine dining, nightly entertainment, bars and lounges, diverse onboard activities like cooking workshops, wine tasting, and BBC Earth Experiences on board are just the tip of the mountain of fun that awaits on a Holland America Line cruise anywhere in the world. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD. was first known as Norwegian Caribbean Line when launched in 1966. Through a series of mergers, decouplings, acquisitions and investments the NYSE-listed company based in Florida is now owned in the minority by private equity companies as well as Genting Group which holds an 11.1% stake. The NCL holding company also owns Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises through a 2014 acquisition of parent company, Prestige Cruises International, Inc. Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL) offers informal casino cruises with no structured time for meals and some other activities and no need to dress formally at mealtime. For family travelers, Norwegian Escape, Breakaway, Getaway, and Epic offer the most 'kid friendly' cruises. All 15 of the ships, including Pride of America, the only US-flagged vessel in the fleet, offer gambling once the ships leave territorial waters. Game variety varies from ship to ship but a sampling of available games includes slots, blackjack and 21 variants, craps, roulette, three card poker, let it ride, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, baccarat, Pai Gow poker, and Texas Hold'em poker. Some of the blackjack variants include a Lucky Ladies side bet with a $5,000 jackpot. Lucky Ladies is available on all ships. All ships except Epic, Breakaway, and Getaway offer a Wheel of Madness side bet on the game. The optional bet can range from $1 to $10. When a player with a stake on the wheel is dealt a natural Blackjack they'll get a spin on the wheel to determine their side bet multiplier. The top prize is $5,000. For those who enjoy sailing on small city-size ships, Norwegian has added a third vessel to its Breakaway-Plus series with the launch of the 168,028-ton, 1,082-foot-long,  20-deck, 4,004 passenger Norwegian Bliss in 2018. She joins Escape and Joy in the class. Those ships launched in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cruise line is very popular and consistently adds to its fleet. There are 7 new additions to the fleet slated for release between 2019 and 2027. The five most recent debuts include Norwegian Bliss (2018), Joy (2017) Escape (2015), Getaway (2014), and Breakaway (2013). So far, Norwegian Bliss is the most innovative casino ship in the fleet with over 300 pokies (slots and video poker) and 25 gaming tables. Across the fleet, poker players register well ahead of time for the Norwegian Cruise Line Poker Challenge (NCLPC). The field is expected to surpass 400 participants soon. Oceania Cruises launched their first ship in 2002 and currently has a fleet of six ships. All of them offer gambling facilities. Founded by a team of cruise industry veterans, the company was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD in 2014 along with a sister company, Regent Seven Seas Cruises . Norwegian (NCL) is headquartered in Florida. All of Oceania's vessels fly the flag of the Marshall Islands. There are 4 ships in the Regatta class, all were built in 1998, 1999, or 2000. The MS Regatta was launched in 2003 and last refurbished in 2014. The most recent launch in the class was the 30,277 ton, 343 cabin, MS Sirena . The former Ocean Princess underwent a $40 million refurbishment in France and launched in 2016. Two brand new Oceania class ships were commissioned from Italian builder Fincantieri and are the first two new builds for the company. MS Marina , at 66,084 tons can hold 1,250 passengers and 580 of the 625 suites and cabins have private verandas. Marina launched in 2011. Her sister ship, which launched in 2012, is the MS Riviera . Two-week-long cruises are the norm for Oceania but they are most well known for much longer tours such as "Around the World in 180 Days" voyages and others lasting up to 195 days. The 6-month world cruises began in 2015. Bookings for the 180-Day World Cruises are taken up to two years in advance. The casinos are rather small in relation to the overall ship size on some vessels, mainly due to the extended times at sea. However, they are also a favorite attraction of many oceanfarers. The gambling spaces are well designed and stylish and offer table limits for all levels of players. The gaming machines include reel and video slots and video poker machines. Key card wagering makes the slots cashless. Casino credit is available to qualified guests and should be arranged one-month prior to departure. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check is required when you board the vessel in order to activate a credit line. All gaming is in USD and Euros can be exchanged on board. All play is tracked and rewarded through the Casinos at Sea rewards program which has 5 tiers. Points can be transfered from ship to ship and slot players can redeem rewards at any time onscreen while playing any game. P&O Cruises is the oldest cruise line in the world. The original company was founded in 1837 and the first passenger cruises from Southampton were offered in 1844. A series of de-mergers and mergers beginning in 2000 culminated in a merger with Carnival Corporation in 2003. The company operates seven cruise ships including Britannia which launched in early 2015. Two more large vessels are planned for launch in 2020 and 2020. All ships offer casino gaming once entering international waters. Table games, slot machines, bingo, scratch cards, and video horse racing are all offered. Roulette, blackjack, and three card poker are offered on all ships. Three of the casinos also offer Fun 21. If you don't see the game when aboard the Arcadia and there is an empty blackjack table, ask your host to flip the table as the Fun 21 felt is just underneath. Purchase your chips from the dealer with cash or your cruise card. All winnings are cashed out onto your cruise card. Slot machines all operate on a coinless system. To play, simply insert your cruise card or cash notes. Bingo offers five cash prizes each full day out to sea. There's also a jackpot that grows with nearly every game and must be won by the conclusion of the cruise. Scratch cards have prizes up to £20,000 and can be purchased at the casino desk. Video horse racing is presented on big screens. Arcadia features 4 tables and a variety of slots on the F deck. Aurora's casino is located on the Prom deck and features 4 tables and slots. Head to the F deck on Azura to find five tables offering three card poker, blackjack, roulette x2, and Fun 21. The casino on Britannia is deck 6 with 2 tables each offering blackjack, roulette, and three card poker. Oceana has five tables on D deck - Oriana offers 23 tables on the Prom deck, and there are five tables on F deck of Ventura. On sea days slots are open on all ships from 10 am until late with tables opening at noon. On port days, gaming doesn't start until the ship reaches international waters, which usually takes about 45 minutes. Opening times can vary by jurisdiction, but the demarcation point is usually 12 miles outside of port limits. Be sure to cash in your chips before leaving the ship. If you happen to forget, you can bring them along for your next voyage but may meet delays while the chips are authenticated. Princess Cruises launched their first Mexican Riviera cruise in 1965 but didn't become a household name known to people who vacation at sea until about a decade later when the company was acquired by P&O, who at the time was the world's largest oceanic shipper with more 300 vessels in operation. Baby boomers may recall Island Princess and Pacific Princess as the ships featured in the 1970s television series, The Love Boat. P&O spun off its passenger division in 2000, and it merged with Carnival in 2003. The combined company then featured 11 different brands of cruise ship companies. Princess, Carnival, and Holland America stopped requisitioning new ships during the 2008 economic downturn but added three new 3,600 passenger ships beginning with Royal Princess in 2013 and Regal Princess which entered service in 2014. A third Fincantieri-built ship, Majestic Princess launched in 2017. The entire current fleet flies the flag of Bermuda except for Royal, Majestic, Golden, Diamond, and Sapphire Princess which ships call the UK home. Three additional Bermuda-flagged Royal Class vessels are slated for launch in 2019, 2020, and 2022. Departure points for Princess Cruises include Vancouver, Canada , Brisbane, Rozelle, and Melbourne in Australia; Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and San Francisco in the US, as well as Marina Bay, Singapore ; Rome, Italy, and Piraeus in Greece. USA Today has awarded Princess the accolade of "Best cruise lines for Gamblers" and slots fans are frequently offered high return tournaments like the $200,000 Monopoly Cruise for Cash tournament. There are tournaments on every cruise so blackjack players and slots spinners have a chance to compete against their shipmates for cash prizes. Games vary from ship to ship but most voyagers will find traditional, video, and progressive jackpot slot machines as well as video poker. Table games can include heads-up Texas Hold ‘Em poker, and casino games like Caribbean Stud Poker, Three Card Poker and Let it Ride. Blackjack, dice, roulette, and other table games are available on most ships and you can even play bingo with ticket packages ranging from $10 to $30. A fairly new "class" of ships was introduced in 2017, known as the Ocean Medallion Class. These are 'the internet of things' ships with omnichannel connectivity to guests accounts from a medallion wristband. On ships appointed with the amenity, guests have access to the PlayOcean Casino and PlayOcean Everywhere so they can play real money games anywhere on the ship. Regent Seven Seas Cruises [(RSSC) formerly Radisson SSC] was founded in 1990. It is a luxury cruise line company offering an all-inclusive experience. Regent was a sister company of Oceania Cruises . The parent company, Prestige Cruise Holdings was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Lines in 2014. Regent Seven Seas Cruises' current fleet comprises 4 ships ranging from 28,550 gross tons to 54,000 GT. The largest ship to date is Seven Seas Explorer built in 2016 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri of Sestri Ponente, Genova.  Fincantieri has also been commissioned to delivers the 55k GT Seven Seas Splendor in early 2020. All vessels are currently Bahamian-flagged. The fleet's casino ships sail out of Sydney, Australia; the Port of Miami in the US, and Kavala, Greece. In early 2017 the parent company announced that a new Port of Miami terminal was under development for completion prior to 2020. All of the casinos in the fleet share in the Norwegian Cruise Lines Casinos At Sea rewards program. The rewards program has five tiers with the top three sharing a host of benefits including cruise suite discounts and convenience fee waivers. First-tier and all other players will enjoy promotional offers, pint redemtions for free play, and the ability t transfer points from ship to ship. Second tier members also receive special birthday offers. Point redemption for free play is easy. Slots and video poker players can cash in right at the machine they are playing at any time or do as table players do and redeem points at the casino cage. Casino credit is available to all players with an existing reservation. Please make arrangements at least 30 days in advance of your voyage. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check will be required on board to activate the line. The Casino on Seven Seas Mariner sailing out of Greece is located on Deck 7. The gaming facilities are open daily when territorial border limits do not restrict operations.  Blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and slot machines are available for play. Adult Entertainment beyond the casino floor includes a show lounge in the style of a Parisian cabaret with musical productions staged by experienced Broadway pros. The Connoisseur Club is a special hideaway where fine cognac and imported cigars are enjoyed by shipmates engaging in friendly conversation while they enjoy the finer things in life. Royal Caribbean International is a Miami-based cruise line brand owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. The company was founded in Norway in 1968 and has over 20 ships in operation as well as a future fleet that will bring that number to 30. You might be wondering: "How many of the oceangoing vessels have casinos?" Good news for seafaring gamblers! Royal Caribbean has outfitted their entire current fleet with onboard casinos! Some are a little bigger than others, and some have more game variety, but they all have lots of slots and plenty of table game action. Sailing out of England? Consider booking the Navigator of the Seas ; From Barcelona, Vision; Shanghai? Quantum of the Seas ; Hong Kong, Voyager. Most of the other cruises depart from the U.S . and Puerto Rico . All of the casinos offer thousands of square feet of Vegas-style action under the lights with video slots, video poker, table games, and tournaments. Some of the table games you can expect to find on your Royal Caribbean cruise are: Single Deck Blackjack Roulette Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'Em Let It Ride Three Card Poker Blackjack with Side Bets like Lucky Ladies Walking up to a high stakes blackjack table and sitting down with a stack of chips in front of you can seem intimidating to casual players and those who may need to brush up a little on their game. Royal Caribbean has you covered! During the day, your hosts will be glad to teach you the ins and outs of any game from roulette to baccarat. Once you get your "sea legs" for the game you can join a tournament where everyone has a chance to progress to the grand finale without risking stacks of your hard earned cash along the way. If you want to win big prizes with more help from Lady Luck than your own gambling experience, try a Slot Tournament. Simply go to the Casino Cash Desk when the casino is open to enroll in a qualifying tournament. Even Beginner's Luck can help you grab a chunk of the $50,000 prize pool! This might seem crazy: Poker players can qualify for the Royal Poker Tournament throughout the year. Winners are eligible for entry into the finals with a chance to win part of the $100,000 Royal Poker Prize Pool! Don't forget, you may be eligible for a free cruise vacation for two along the way. What Else Can I Look Forward To? Visit the Royal Caribbean Casino Cruise Experience to learn more about... Casino Promotions Club Royal Events Casino Rewards Program Casino Credit Win/Loss Statements Wire Transfer Instructions If you have questions now you can contact the Casino Call Center at (888) 561-2234. Seabourn Cruise Line offers casino gaming on all five of its luxury liner cruise ships. The company was founded in 1986 in Norway. Carnival Corp began purchasing shares in 1991 and completed ownership in 2001. The company moved its Miami headquarters to Seattle, Washington in 2011 to join Holland America Line . With home ports in the U.S., Argentina, and Singapore the company's five luxury casino cruise ships are... Seabourn Ovation Seabourn Encore Seabourn Quest Seabourn Odyssey Seabourn Sojourn You might be asking yourself: Should I book a Seabourn Cruise for gambling? The answer to that is simple. It depends on what you are looking for in a casino cruise... 1) How long do I want to be on the ship? 2) How much time will I spend in the casino? 3) Do I want a Las Vegas on the seas experience? 4) Would I be happy with a few slot machines and occasional table action? 5) Can I afford a Seabourn casino cruise? We'll help you answer those questions and more by sharing some things we know about the Seabourn Difference . Seabourn offers Caribbean cruises as short as seven days. They also offer mid-length ventures and journeys up to 100 days. Shore excursions are available on some cruises. The casinos onboard the ships are all on Deck 5 near the aft deck. They are small by most land casino standards with less than two dozen slots and video poker machines and 3 or 4 gaming tables. The gaming areas are located fore of The Club and near the Club Bar. Men and women's restrooms are adjacent to the gaming areas. The gaming areas are well appointed and well kept. They simply aren't large enough to provide a Las Vegas-style experience when you aren't actually gambling. Table games include Blackjack , Roulette , and Poker . Seabourn is a luxury cruise liner... Expect to pay top price for your cruise Formal nights are optional so you could save on wardrobe costs Prices are all-inclusive so your drinks are paid for Gourmands will especially appreciate Restaurant 2 Now that you know more about gambling at sea with Seabourn, you can sign up for special offers or explore the video gallery and choose a destination in the Caribbean, Mediterranian, Asia, or plan a Transatlantic cruise ! Expect to meet others onboard who are: Older, financially secure, well-dressed. Silversea Cruises is a mid-level luxury cruise line established in 1994 by the Lefebvre family of Rome, Italy. The company is headquartered in Monaco and owned in the majority (67%) by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd . The company's current fleet comprises nine vessels. The largest and newest ship is Silver Muse at 40,700 gross tons and capacity for nearly 600 passengers. Six of the ships are over sixteen tons and three are clippers in the company's Expedition fleet. Seafaring gamblers will find casinos aboard: Silver Cloud Silver Wind Silver Shadow Silver Whisper Silver Spirit (Refurbished/expanded March 2018) Silver Muse (Launched 2017) There are no gaming facilities on the smaller expedition class ships. You might be wondering... What are the best cruises for gambling? Really, any cruise anywhere in the world under 7 days is best. Why? The longer cruises tend to attract older vacationers who go to bed early. If you like the casino all to yourself, a longer cruise may be best. All of the ships with gaming offer Blackjack, Roulette, and slots. The two newer and larger ships have roomier, more opulent casino gaming areas with plenty of action. The smallest casino is on Silversea Wind with nine gaming machines and four tables. You can click the following link to view the casino aboard Silver Shadow . True luxury at mid-class prices: All inclusive pricing makes a Silverseas cruise an easy decision. You'll find most of your cruise mates are couples and the younger more upwardly mobile families have opted for a Carnival or Royal Caribbean cruise. Enjoy: All-Inclusive experience (gratuities included in fare) Fine dining (diverse cuisine, open seating, 24 hours) Private veranda (855 of suites) Very personalized service (Butler service in every suite) Champagne, wine, and spirits (anywhere on the ship including in-suite) Entertainment Complimentary transportation (in most port towns) Spa and fitness facilities If I run out of cash can I get an advance for the casino or shore excursions? Cash advances are limited to $1,000 per voyage per suite. Onboard cash advance services incur a 2% fee. Onboard credit cannot be used in the casino. Can I gamble online? Silversea offers unlimited free Wi-Fi. There are no known restrictions on personal usage. Your suite status will determine a premium or standard Wi-Fi package. If unsure of local laws, please wait until you are 12 miles out to sea before you gambling online . Where can I find out more? You can check out the individual casino cruises by clicking a link below. Contact information is also available on the profile pages. You can also visit SILVERSEA to find exclusive offers, request a quote or brochure, or book your cruise vacation now! Victory Casino Cruises has been running out of Port Canaveral, Florida since 2011. If you are looking for a 'cruise to nowhere' this might be your best bet. The Victory I first set sail in 1972 and was refurbished before Victory launched their casino cruise. If you've ever been on a gambling ship, as opposed to a luxury cruise liner with a casino... You might ask: "I thought gambling was a monopoly in Florida. How do they do it?" Yes, most of the slots and table games are in the Seminole Tribe's Hard Rock casinos . You can find poker and a few other games like poker at Florida racetracks and jai alai frontons. Once the ship enters international waters, Florida gambling laws no longer apply. The 3-mile journey usually takes about 30 minutes - then the games are on! #1 Florida Casino Cruise? Judging by the reviews on TripAdvisor , most people are extremely satisfied with their Victory Casino Cruise experiences. Those who weren't might not have known what to expect. This is a gambling ship You'll be out to sea for 5-6 hours People smoke outside, so you might smell it You might say: "Okay, I get it. But what about the casino... is it a real casino?" Oh yeah! It's a real casino alright. There are over 600 slots so there should always be some open. On a busy cruise, they'll open up to 100 gaming tables. That puts it on par with most Downtown Las Vegas properties and quite a few on the Strip. Here's what you can play... Slots Blackjack $5-$500 - dealer stands all 17's - BJ pays 3:2 Craps Roulette EZ Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'em Mississippi Stud Three Card Poker Let It Ride Bingo Only Legal Sportsbook in Florida!!! Read on for more about the boat and what's on it... Four decks are available on the 2,137 GT, 368-foot gambling ship built at the Bellinger Shipyard, Jacksonville FL in 1972. Deck 1 - Sportsbook Lounge, Atlantic Cafe Deck 2 - High-limit slots, Table games Deck 3 - Slots atrium Deck 4 - Big Norm's Club V, Outside deck Dolphin Bar Big Norm's Club V is open 7 days a week. On weekends it turns into more of a nightclub with DJ's, internationally and locally renowned musicians. Where to learn more about Victory Casino Cruise Location Captain's Weather Blog Transportation Windstar Cruises is a luxury cruise line established in 1984. Based in Seattle, Washington the company's fleet comprises 6 yachts with capacities ranging from 148 to 310 guests. The line is owned by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Inc., whose parent company is The Anschutz Corporation. Former owners include Holland America Line . All six ships offer casino gambling . So... Other than offering luxury yachts, what sets Windstar apart? For the answer to that, let's look at the company's flagship vessel, The Wind Star . In service since 1986, the Wind Star features a spa, a Signature shop, library, veranda, watersports platform, whirlpool, pool bar, gourmet restaurant/lounge, a casino, and Windstar's Open Bridge Policy. When the weather is good... The Captain will welcome you to the bridge No reservations needed Shop with the chefs at foreign markets Sample the local fare and help pick out: produce spices herbs local treats Enjoy the next moveable feast onboard! Watersports Platform snorkeling paddle boarding swimming sailing water skiing windsurfing kayaking The Rest of the Fleet Wind Spirit (most popular casino ship) Wind Surf (the largest, formerly Club Med 1) Star Pride (formerly Seabourn Pride) Star Breeze (formerly Seabourn Breeze) Star Legend (formerly Seabourn Legend) Okay, now, some gambling details Age to Play: 21 While we're talking about age... This line is not recommended for families with children except for older teens. Very few organized activities. Sightseeing and adult socializing are key cruise features. Games: Blackjack, roulette, slots , poker The ships have a mix of gaming opportunities. Expect all on larger ships like Wind Surf. Table Minimum : $5 Slots: Multidenominational Onboard Credit: Arrange prior to departure for best success Smoking: Not allowed in the casino - only  in designated smoking areas on outside decks Learn more about what makes Windstar different Learn more about Windstar Policies - Read the FAQ Additional gambling opportunities on a Windstar Cruise If you want to take a shore excursion and include a casino night... Choose a destination or cruise with a layover to Monte Carlo ! Please keep in mind that all casinos in Monaco require men to wear a jacket and tie. Top Destinations: Asia Caribbean Costa Rica/Panama Cana Mediterranean Mexico How do I get there? Visit Windstar Cruises to find a cruise, plan your journey, look for specials, or dream about the yachts ! Seafaring gamblers in the Nordic region, especially the northern parts of the Baltic Sea, have been enjoying the gambling services of Paf on Tallink and Silja line cruises for over three decades. The Åland-based service provider's contract is up for renewal at five year periods with 2023 on the horizon fore or aft. Onboard games include popular slots, bingo, poker, table and card games, lotteries, and sports betting. Departure points for gambling cruises include Stockholm in Sweden along with Helsinki and Turku in Finland. The Baltic Princess sails out of Stockholm twice each day and offers full family entertainment and escape with a well-staffed Siljaland playroom for the kids. It's one of the newest ships on the Baltic and offers no-limit Texas Hold'em tournaments and daily live entertainment. Cruise ferry Galaxy offers 927 cabins over 12 decks, several restaurants and bars, as well as a kids zone. The onboard casino has slots, roulette, and blackjack tables. This vessel is often used for business meetings as the modern 450 conference center attracts the business class as well as weddings and family parties and gatherings. The sauna department is highly rated. The Silja Symphony departs from Stockholm and is an older ship launched in 1991. A favorite of many seeking a break, this is a unique vessel. The heart of the ship features a pedestrian streetwalk down the Promenade with top-tier restaurants, cafes, and a variety of shops on either side. The casino is located in the bow of the ship on Deck 7 where you'll find roulette, poker and slot machines. Silja Serenade Cruise Ship sails out of Helsinki and is perhaps the premier gambling ship in the fleet. There are ten classes of cabins and suites from the special cabins designed to accommodate people with special needs and those who are traveling with a pet or have allergies to the Executive Suite on Deck 11 with 75m2 of luxurious space and featuring its own sauna. Paf has recently upgraded the manual payment system in its casinos on the Tallink & Silja Line, replacing coins with tickets - adding another level of convenience and comfort for adventurers. AS Tallink Grupp services nearly 10 million passengers each year on its 14 consumer vessels. Paf also operates the casino aboard Casino Sunborn in Gibraltar , a 5-star superyacht, and the Paf Casino on Åland with more than 1,500 slot machines and 55 gaming tables in operation. Big M Gaming LLC operates two gambling cruise ships out of Little River, SC in the United States; Big "M" Casino Ship I and Big "M" Casino Ship II . The seaside of Little River is better known as Myrtle Beach. It is situated next to the South/North Carolina border and has been continuously inhabited since the first trading post was established in the 1700's. Big M offers 5-hour gambling cruises with a set-price all you can eat buffet and is very popular in the region. There are no land casinos in the state. The closest terrestrial casino is Harrah's Cherokee nearly 6 hours away in North Carolina. Due to strict gambling laws in the state, the only way to play blackjack or slots legally is to go out to sea. Gaming is only allowed after you are at least 3 miles away from shore but the ships may travel as far as 15 miles out. It takes about 45 minutes to reach international waters. The minimum age to board either ship is 21. Smoking is only allowed on the main deck casino during gaming hours. Both ships also offer smoke-free gaming decks with slot machines. Both ships offer Las Vegas-style gambling. Only Ship I has Texas Hold ’em poker. Both casinos host slots, roulette, craps, Let it Ride, 3-card poker and other specialty games. Both ships are well maintained and kept clean, although we wouldn't go so far as to refer to them as ' luxury yachts ' as the company does, they are nicely appointed and there is plenty of room to move around. The ships are rarely, if ever, out to sea at the same time so if you have a preference (outer deck smoking, prime rib or seafood buffets, etc.), it's always a good idea to call ahead or visit the website for a schedule and current prices. The water can get a bit rough any time of the year and the outings occur every month. Some people will choose to eat on the way out, others on the way back to port, and others may not eat at all. The price of the buffet is not included in boarding fees. The buffet deck is not handicap accessible but staff will gladly bring food to the main deck and set up a comfortable dining space for those who can't reach the restaurant. Sandwiches are available on the top deck throughout the cruise. BUffet prices are reasonable. Beer, wine, and well drinks are about the same price as you'll find in the town of Little River . Carnival Cruise Line offers casino gaming on over two dozen ships departing from the U.S. and other ports from Honolulu, Hawaii, and Miami, to Barcelona, Spain .  While the gaming centers may have different names from vessel to vessel, most are fairly generic capitalizing on formulas the cruise giant has developed over the years. Your Sail & Sign card also doubles as Carnival Players Club card at all of the casinos. The Ocean Players Club covers you on any Carnival Casino cruise, Ibero Cruceros, P&O Cruises, Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, Holland America, Cunard, Seabourn, and Princess Cruises. Carnival ships are family ships, so there's always a safe and healthy place for the kids to play while mom and dad head out for a little Las Vegas-style action during their escape to sea. Most Carnival casinos allow passengers 18 years of age and older to enter and play in the casinos. Common among most of the gaming decks are optional casino tournaments featuring slots, poker, and blackjack . The cost of tournaments change from time to time, ship to ship, and game to game but the payouts for winning on sheer luck can pay for the trip and more. Slots are the biggest draw with games from top developers and providers such as Aruze, Bally, and IGT. The Sphinx 3D™ by IGT gives players all the thrills they would ever expect in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. But if you want a dealer or croupier to get to know you by name you'll have to go to the table. Most of the blackjack tables have low buy-ins but if enough high rollers want a game your Carnival casino host will probably accommodate the request. You're not likely to find single-deck action but there are plenty of variations on the basic theme to keep most players happy including Face-Up 21, Fun 21, and classic blackjack. Most ships offer poker tournaments or at least a table or two for poker players. The electronic PokerPro tables might take some players a couple of minutes to get used to - just cup your hands around the display of face-down cards to see them revealed. If you're a poker junky and on a vessel with  Ocean Medallion technology, you can play 24/7 on your mobile device even if the tables floor tables are closed. Slots , bingo, and roulette are also available on some cruises. Players won't find free drinks coming around every few minutes like they do in Las Vegas, and you'll have to be at least 21 to order a partake, but Carnival offers double the comps for gameplay compared to other cruise lines. This means that your casino points add up to free beer, wine, and cocktails or even non-alcoholic drinks if you prefer. For the not-so-serious gamblers, there are also prize games - some require skill, and all require luck. Win a stack of greenbacks on the Cash Cube or try your hand at picking up pricey electronics and other prizes on a claw machine. Celebrity Cruises offer a single brand of casino experience across the fleet of gaming equipped vessels. Every Celebrity cruise ship except the Expedition has a Fortune Casino onboard. All ships offer blackjack, roulette, poker, craps, and a wide range of slot machines.  For guests on the Celebrity Solstice sailing out of Sydney, and several other cruises, baccarat (punto banco) is also available upon request. Since the casinos don't open for play until the cruise is in international waters, most gambling laws do not apply. Guests only need to be 18 years old to play, except for the Alaska Cruise which requires guests to be 21 or older.  No matter where the ship is, you need to be 21 to drink. Smoking is not allowed in any Fortunes Casino but all ships have designated outdoor smoking areas. Celebrity Cruises belongs to the International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) and adheres to council guidelines on gambling entertainment. All facilities and equipment meet regulatory standards equal to Nevada or other licensed jurisdictions for payback percentages ad internal software; abide by rules of play equal to Nevada, New Jersey or England, and all gambling operations are audited by Celebrity's internal audit department on a regular basis, among other controls. Fortunes Casino partners with MGM, so if you remember to use your player's club card you can earn comps and perks at land-based casinos while you are out at sea! All loyalty tiers can redeem points for free casino play. There are 5 tiers and players in the top 3 tiers receive anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars in free play each time they sail. There are now more than 20 perks and benefits associated with Blue Chip Club membership. Passengers will always find excellent dining and lounge options on Celebrity casino cruises as well as entertainment. Among the best-outfitted vessels for casino gaming players will find about 275 slot machines. Celebrity Millenium sailing out of Hong Kong, Infinity, Summit, and Constellation offer around 190 machines each, about a dozen mixed Las Vegas-style table games, and 1 electronic Pokermate Texas Hold 'Em table. Celebrity Reflection sailing out of Chile and Brazil, Equinox, Eclipse, Silhouette, and  Solstice each have more than a dozen tables with 2 poker tables each and baccarat upon request. All Fortune Casinos offer at least one single-deck blackjack table. Slots start at $0.01, they include reel slots and video bonus games. Video poker machines are included in the slot machines count. People who take the seas to gamble in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe know the Costa Cruises experience, or as the line is called in its native Italy, Costa Crociere. Vessels with onboard casinos include those sailing out of Marina Bay, Singapore ; Tianjin, China; Dubai, UAE; Port Louis, Mauritius; Mumbai, India and Savona, Italy . Starting out with cargo ships in 1854, the company started commercial activities from about 1924 until the first passenger services were begun in 1947 with regular services to South America. The then family-owned company eventually converted their fleet to cruising and became one of the largest operators in Europe before selling to Carnival in the year 2000. The Carnival family of companies now comprises  Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Crociere, Cunard Line, Holland America, Seabourn Cruise Lines, and Windstar Cruises with Costa accounting for about 16% of the parent company's revenue. Costa Cruises brand currently operates six casino ships and 8 vessels without gaming facilities. All sail under the Italian flag in the waters of the Caribbean, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia, and South America. None of the casino spaces are huge by international standards but all are well appointed and offer tables and slots. The Mediterranea , sailing out of Savona in Italy, offers the most slots with over 140 machines, while the Atlantica , departing from Tianjin, China offers the most table games with a count of 21. The table game selection varies by ship but you will usually find blackjack, roulette, and poker, as well as craps on some vessels. All of the vessels offer fine dining, recreation, entertainment, shopping, sport, and wellness facilities including spas. Some of the ships without casino feature 4D Cinema as part of the kids' package of family fun. Some of the amenities found on Costa Cruises Fortuna, sailing out of Port Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates include a theater, library, art gallery, cognac bar and a cigar bar. Dining ranges from casual to fine dining on all vessels with 7-Michelin starred chef's tending to your needs on some. For those who smoke and those who prefer not to be exposed, all cabins and public rooms are smoke-free. There are designated spaces on open decks for smokers and you can smoke on your private cabin balcony - and of course, in the Cigar Bar. e-cigarettes are in your cabin as well. neoClassica and neoRomantica sail out of Mumbai, India and Port Louis, Mauritius respectively and offer a good variety of gaming. Crystal Cruises is an American luxury liner with two casino outfitted ships as of 2018. Formerly owned and operated by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) with Caesars Casinos onboard, the line was sold to Genting Hong Kong in 2015. The casinos were rebranded as Resorts World casinos after Genting's other land-based casino brand. The subsidiary was also renamed to Crystal, Ltd and maintains headquarters in Los Angeles, California, and Miami, Florida. Additional luxury brands in service or under development include Crystal River Cruises, Crystal Yacht Expedition Cruises, Crystal Luxury Air and Crystal AirCruises. Crystal Cruises is currently the only division to offer full-service onboard casino amenities. Both the Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity were scheduled for major makeovers upon acquisition. In October 2017 the Symphony emerged from a multimillion-dollar renovation with luxury suites and penthouses in addition to more standard accommodations. The 50,000-ton vessel formerly accommodated 1,000 passengers but now offers more space and luxury to just 848 guests over eight decks. The new deck configuration for Serenity unveiled in November 2018. The Serenity offers 9 decks including the uppermost Sun Deck with elevator service. In addition to a large social area, vacationers will find paddle tennis courts, a sliding glass roof that can retract and let air as well as light into the Trident area, a weight room, spa, and salon. Like the Symphony, the 4,500 sq ft casino is found on the second level Tiffany Deck. Games offered include Blackjack , Roulette, Slot machines, Bingo, Mini-Baccarat, Texas Hold'em, and Three Card Poker. In addition to open floor casino space and VIP rooms, a luxury showroom and stage is fore - with an atrium, retail outlets, a Hollywood Theater, bistro, photo gallery, nightclub, connoisseur club (smoking lounge), saloon, and dance club with a stage - all aft of the casino. Look for Umi Uma & Sushi Bar on Serenity from November 2018 - Chef Nobu Matsuhisa's only Nobu at sea. All chefs have been personally trained by the master himself. Additional fine dining sees Prego bring the flavors of Italy to the Serenity. Every day dining is also available in the Crystal Dining Room with signature menus focused on two choices - one classic, the other, modern. Crystal Cove is a luxury cognac bar featuring Rémy Martin Louis XIII at the top end as well as wines, liqueurs, tequila, and grappa. The Penthouse Suites at 982 square feet (91.23 sqm) offer verandahs as do some staterooms, Other staterooms feature large picture windows. Elevator service is provided to all decks. The ships' ports of call are Philipsburg, Sint Maarten and the Port of Anchorage in Anchorage, Alaska. Cunard Line has been operated by Carnival since 1998, but the company has a rich and illustrious history dating back to 1839. Starting out with Britain's first transatlantic steamship mail contract, there are now three vessels in operation offering Northern European, Mediterranean, Transatlantic, Caribbean, and World Cruises. The fleet currently consists of the ocean liner Queen Mary 2 , and cruise ships Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria . A 4th vessel is slated for operation n 2022. There is a casino on board each Cunard ship. However, not all cruises offer gambling as the Empire Casinos do not open during voyages without foreign ports of call on the itinerary. Vessels stopping in Dublin, Cobh, St Peters Port and all foreign country ports will sail outside of UK territorial waters (12 miles/45 minutes) and the casinos will be opened while outside of the UKGC's jurisdiction. Queen Mary 2 offers Roulette, Blackjack, Three card poker, and Heads up Texas Hold'em - a house-banked casino game played against the dealer - as well as about 100 slot machines. There are 9 gaming tables in total aboard QM2. As mention, the casino opens about 45 minutes after leaving port. Once out to sea, slots machines are available for play beginning at 10am. Tables are open from 11am until 5pm, and then again from 7:30pm until close. Closing time is at the discretion of the casino manager. Queen Elizabeth offers about 45 slot machines and 5 gaming tables. Available table games include Roulette, Blackjack, Three Card Poker, and Fun 21. Queen Victoria features about 45 slots and the same mix of games spread over 5 tables as are found on Queen Elizabeth. Table limits on all ships vary from $3 - $25 minimums with maximum bets ranging from $100 - $500. Reels slots, video slots, and video poker machines are multi-denominational with 'coin' sizes ranging from a penny to $5. All machines are coinless. Deposits are accepted in notes or via cruise cards. Cashouts are done to your card. Cash and cards are accepted at the tables to purchase chips. A credit card must be registered at the front desk in order to use your cruise card for gambling. "Onboard spending money" is not accepted for chip purchases. Complimentary gaming lessons are available during the day for those who may not be familiar with the rules or practices of certain games. Glory Sea is the first cruise ship launched by Diamond Cruise International Co. The ship is a luxury liner with an ever-changing itinerary that has included short cruises sailing from China's Shanghai port 2016-2017, and a 10-month charter with roundtrip cruises from Sokcho, South Korea which began in November 2017. Some destinations included Japan and Vladivostok , Russia, Vietnam’s Ha Long Bay from China’s “Coconut City,” Haikou, along with Da Nang and Nha Trang, as well as Manila and Boracay in the Philippines. Upon launch, the onboard VIP casino was operated by Century Casinos, Inc. , which also operates casinos aboard ships owned by TUI Cruises, Thomson Cruises, and Windstar Cruises. Immediately prior to its acquisition by Diamond Cruise parent company, Suzhou Taihu International Travel Agency, the vessel was known as Celestyal Odyssey and help a slightly smaller casino on the 6th deck. After the 2016 refurbishment, the Century casino offered 16 table games with a VIP room, and 40 gaming machines. Games offered include blackjack, roulette, 3 Card Poker, Sic Bo, baccarat and video slots. Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines is owned by a Norwegian company, Bonheur and Ganger Rolf, part of the Fred. Olsen Group. Company headquarters are located in Ipswich, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom. The company was started in 1848 by three brothers who embarked on a business of international shipping. Still, a family company, five generations of Olsens have participated in the venture as well as several other sectors from shipbuilding to electronics. There are five ships in the current fleet including the Brabant, Fred Olsens's first river cruise. All of the ships offer gaming opportunities, but the voyages are not usually undertaken with a primary focus on gambling. Each vessel has two gaming tables - one for blackjack and another for roulette. Many experienced passengers report that the tables are not open on every voyage. However, gambling is an advertised service and a croupier will most likely open a table upon request if it is not already in action. Guests will need to be at least 18 years of age to play. Only cash (Pounds Sterling) is accepted at the tables and bets cannot be charged to your room account. The Oceangoing ships are Black Watch ,  Braemar, Boudicca , and Balmoral. Onboard, passengers will find restaurants and fine dining, bars and lounges, relaxation and fitness and plenty of entertainment and fun activities which vary from sailing to sailing. Be sure to ask about the Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs), a great way to explore! The Genting Hongkong is a Corosration who owns and operate one of the leading global leisure, entertainment and other businesses. One of the major businesses of Genting Hongkong are Resorts World Manila whom opened last August 29, 2009 together with three big luxurious Hotels such us Maxims Hotel, Remington Hotel and Mariott Hotel . Another Property of Genting are Star Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Line whos offering cruise shipping to over 200 destinations all over the world and with 39,000 lower berths approximately. Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. operates the Emerald Princess Casino out of Brunswick, Georgia in the United States. The departure and return location is about halfway between Savannah, GA, and Jacksonville, FL. Out to sea, are St. Simons Island, Sea Island, Jekyll Island, Little St. Simons Island. The ship is rather small at 200 feet so passengers who have issues with motion sickness may want to use an appropriate medication or another method to deal with it. Two of the ship's four decks are devoted to gambling. Smoking is allowed on both levels but never on the third level Bistro Deck. The fourth deck is an open-air observation deck. Guests must be 18 or older to board and gamble and must be at least 21 years of age to drink alcohol. Gambling opportunities are few and far between for many people in the state, so the cruise operator is highly appreciated by most. Holland America Line was founded in the late 1800s as the Netherlands-America Steamship Company. The company's first vacation cruise was offered in 1895. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA, since 1989, it is now part of Carnival Corporation . The line currently comprises about 15 ships, all with casinos onboard. One of the company's greatest legacies is their part in helping to settle America by transporting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to the New World. The fleet consists of mid-sized ships with the smallest, an 'elegant explorer', the Prinsendam slated for retirement in 2019 and new vessels being commissioned in the Pinnacle Class like the MS Koningsdam, Nieuw Statendam , and Nieuw Ryndam with 12 decks and passenger complements of 2,650. Nieuw Ryndam is expected to be brought into service before the end of 2021. Casino hours vary from ship to ship. The minimum gambling age in international waters is 18 with the exception of Alaska Cruises where guests must be 21 or older. Blackjack, roulette, three card poker, and slots are found on most ships. Craps are available on some ships. The casinos are all well arranged and well maintained. Roulette can be found with $1 minimums in some cases, otherwise, most table games start at $5. Slots denominations range from a penny to $5 machines, Be sure to check the video poker paytables before getting too carried away. Depending on the cruise, bingo prizes can range from $2,000 to $100,000. All feature slots and blackjack tournaments. Whether you are sailing out of a US eastern or western port, Kowloon , Saint George's or Sydney , HAL offers a great gaming experience along with a stately cruise full of entertainment possibilities. Restaurants and fine dining, nightly entertainment, bars and lounges, diverse onboard activities like cooking workshops, wine tasting, and BBC Earth Experiences on board are just the tip of the mountain of fun that awaits on a Holland America Line cruise anywhere in the world. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD. was first known as Norwegian Caribbean Line when launched in 1966. Through a series of mergers, decouplings, acquisitions and investments the NYSE-listed company based in Florida is now owned in the minority by private equity companies as well as Genting Group which holds an 11.1% stake. The NCL holding company also owns Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises through a 2014 acquisition of parent company, Prestige Cruises International, Inc. Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL) offers informal casino cruises with no structured time for meals and some other activities and no need to dress formally at mealtime. For family travelers, Norwegian Escape, Breakaway, Getaway, and Epic offer the most 'kid friendly' cruises. All 15 of the ships, including Pride of America, the only US-flagged vessel in the fleet, offer gambling once the ships leave territorial waters. Game variety varies from ship to ship but a sampling of available games includes slots, blackjack and 21 variants, craps, roulette, three card poker, let it ride, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, baccarat, Pai Gow poker, and Texas Hold'em poker. Some of the blackjack variants include a Lucky Ladies side bet with a $5,000 jackpot. Lucky Ladies is available on all ships. All ships except Epic, Breakaway, and Getaway offer a Wheel of Madness side bet on the game. The optional bet can range from $1 to $10. When a player with a stake on the wheel is dealt a natural Blackjack they'll get a spin on the wheel to determine their side bet multiplier. The top prize is $5,000. For those who enjoy sailing on small city-size ships, Norwegian has added a third vessel to its Breakaway-Plus series with the launch of the 168,028-ton, 1,082-foot-long,  20-deck, 4,004 passenger Norwegian Bliss in 2018. She joins Escape and Joy in the class. Those ships launched in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cruise line is very popular and consistently adds to its fleet. There are 7 new additions to the fleet slated for release between 2019 and 2027. The five most recent debuts include Norwegian Bliss (2018), Joy (2017) Escape (2015), Getaway (2014), and Breakaway (2013). So far, Norwegian Bliss is the most innovative casino ship in the fleet with over 300 pokies (slots and video poker) and 25 gaming tables. Across the fleet, poker players register well ahead of time for the Norwegian Cruise Line Poker Challenge (NCLPC). The field is expected to surpass 400 participants soon. Oceania Cruises launched their first ship in 2002 and currently has a fleet of six ships. All of them offer gambling facilities. Founded by a team of cruise industry veterans, the company was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD in 2014 along with a sister company, Regent Seven Seas Cruises . Norwegian (NCL) is headquartered in Florida. All of Oceania's vessels fly the flag of the Marshall Islands. There are 4 ships in the Regatta class, all were built in 1998, 1999, or 2000. The MS Regatta was launched in 2003 and last refurbished in 2014. The most recent launch in the class was the 30,277 ton, 343 cabin, MS Sirena . The former Ocean Princess underwent a $40 million refurbishment in France and launched in 2016. Two brand new Oceania class ships were commissioned from Italian builder Fincantieri and are the first two new builds for the company. MS Marina , at 66,084 tons can hold 1,250 passengers and 580 of the 625 suites and cabins have private verandas. Marina launched in 2011. Her sister ship, which launched in 2012, is the MS Riviera . Two-week-long cruises are the norm for Oceania but they are most well known for much longer tours such as "Around the World in 180 Days" voyages and others lasting up to 195 days. The 6-month world cruises began in 2015. Bookings for the 180-Day World Cruises are taken up to two years in advance. The casinos are rather small in relation to the overall ship size on some vessels, mainly due to the extended times at sea. However, they are also a favorite attraction of many oceanfarers. The gambling spaces are well designed and stylish and offer table limits for all levels of players. The gaming machines include reel and video slots and video poker machines. Key card wagering makes the slots cashless. Casino credit is available to qualified guests and should be arranged one-month prior to departure. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check is required when you board the vessel in order to activate a credit line. All gaming is in USD and Euros can be exchanged on board. All play is tracked and rewarded through the Casinos at Sea rewards program which has 5 tiers. Points can be transfered from ship to ship and slot players can redeem rewards at any time onscreen while playing any game. P&O Cruises is the oldest cruise line in the world. The original company was founded in 1837 and the first passenger cruises from Southampton were offered in 1844. A series of de-mergers and mergers beginning in 2000 culminated in a merger with Carnival Corporation in 2003. The company operates seven cruise ships including Britannia which launched in early 2015. Two more large vessels are planned for launch in 2020 and 2020. All ships offer casino gaming once entering international waters. Table games, slot machines, bingo, scratch cards, and video horse racing are all offered. Roulette, blackjack, and three card poker are offered on all ships. Three of the casinos also offer Fun 21. If you don't see the game when aboard the Arcadia and there is an empty blackjack table, ask your host to flip the table as the Fun 21 felt is just underneath. Purchase your chips from the dealer with cash or your cruise card. All winnings are cashed out onto your cruise card. Slot machines all operate on a coinless system. To play, simply insert your cruise card or cash notes. Bingo offers five cash prizes each full day out to sea. There's also a jackpot that grows with nearly every game and must be won by the conclusion of the cruise. Scratch cards have prizes up to £20,000 and can be purchased at the casino desk. Video horse racing is presented on big screens. Arcadia features 4 tables and a variety of slots on the F deck. Aurora's casino is located on the Prom deck and features 4 tables and slots. Head to the F deck on Azura to find five tables offering three card poker, blackjack, roulette x2, and Fun 21. The casino on Britannia is deck 6 with 2 tables each offering blackjack, roulette, and three card poker. Oceana has five tables on D deck - Oriana offers 23 tables on the Prom deck, and there are five tables on F deck of Ventura. On sea days slots are open on all ships from 10 am until late with tables opening at noon. On port days, gaming doesn't start until the ship reaches international waters, which usually takes about 45 minutes. Opening times can vary by jurisdiction, but the demarcation point is usually 12 miles outside of port limits. Be sure to cash in your chips before leaving the ship. If you happen to forget, you can bring them along for your next voyage but may meet delays while the chips are authenticated. Princess Cruises launched their first Mexican Riviera cruise in 1965 but didn't become a household name known to people who vacation at sea until about a decade later when the company was acquired by P&O, who at the time was the world's largest oceanic shipper with more 300 vessels in operation. Baby boomers may recall Island Princess and Pacific Princess as the ships featured in the 1970s television series, The Love Boat. P&O spun off its passenger division in 2000, and it merged with Carnival in 2003. The combined company then featured 11 different brands of cruise ship companies. Princess, Carnival, and Holland America stopped requisitioning new ships during the 2008 economic downturn but added three new 3,600 passenger ships beginning with Royal Princess in 2013 and Regal Princess which entered service in 2014. A third Fincantieri-built ship, Majestic Princess launched in 2017. The entire current fleet flies the flag of Bermuda except for Royal, Majestic, Golden, Diamond, and Sapphire Princess which ships call the UK home. Three additional Bermuda-flagged Royal Class vessels are slated for launch in 2019, 2020, and 2022. Departure points for Princess Cruises include Vancouver, Canada , Brisbane, Rozelle, and Melbourne in Australia; Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and San Francisco in the US, as well as Marina Bay, Singapore ; Rome, Italy, and Piraeus in Greece. USA Today has awarded Princess the accolade of "Best cruise lines for Gamblers" and slots fans are frequently offered high return tournaments like the $200,000 Monopoly Cruise for Cash tournament. There are tournaments on every cruise so blackjack players and slots spinners have a chance to compete against their shipmates for cash prizes. Games vary from ship to ship but most voyagers will find traditional, video, and progressive jackpot slot machines as well as video poker. Table games can include heads-up Texas Hold ‘Em poker, and casino games like Caribbean Stud Poker, Three Card Poker and Let it Ride. Blackjack, dice, roulette, and other table games are available on most ships and you can even play bingo with ticket packages ranging from $10 to $30. A fairly new "class" of ships was introduced in 2017, known as the Ocean Medallion Class. These are 'the internet of things' ships with omnichannel connectivity to guests accounts from a medallion wristband. On ships appointed with the amenity, guests have access to the PlayOcean Casino and PlayOcean Everywhere so they can play real money games anywhere on the ship. Regent Seven Seas Cruises [(RSSC) formerly Radisson SSC] was founded in 1990. It is a luxury cruise line company offering an all-inclusive experience. Regent was a sister company of Oceania Cruises . The parent company, Prestige Cruise Holdings was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Lines in 2014. Regent Seven Seas Cruises' current fleet comprises 4 ships ranging from 28,550 gross tons to 54,000 GT. The largest ship to date is Seven Seas Explorer built in 2016 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri of Sestri Ponente, Genova.  Fincantieri has also been commissioned to delivers the 55k GT Seven Seas Splendor in early 2020. All vessels are currently Bahamian-flagged. The fleet's casino ships sail out of Sydney, Australia; the Port of Miami in the US, and Kavala, Greece. In early 2017 the parent company announced that a new Port of Miami terminal was under development for completion prior to 2020. All of the casinos in the fleet share in the Norwegian Cruise Lines Casinos At Sea rewards program. The rewards program has five tiers with the top three sharing a host of benefits including cruise suite discounts and convenience fee waivers. First-tier and all other players will enjoy promotional offers, pint redemtions for free play, and the ability t transfer points from ship to ship. Second tier members also receive special birthday offers. Point redemption for free play is easy. Slots and video poker players can cash in right at the machine they are playing at any time or do as table players do and redeem points at the casino cage. Casino credit is available to all players with an existing reservation. Please make arrangements at least 30 days in advance of your voyage. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check will be required on board to activate the line. The Casino on Seven Seas Mariner sailing out of Greece is located on Deck 7. The gaming facilities are open daily when territorial border limits do not restrict operations.  Blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and slot machines are available for play. Adult Entertainment beyond the casino floor includes a show lounge in the style of a Parisian cabaret with musical productions staged by experienced Broadway pros. The Connoisseur Club is a special hideaway where fine cognac and imported cigars are enjoyed by shipmates engaging in friendly conversation while they enjoy the finer things in life. Royal Caribbean International is a Miami-based cruise line brand owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. The company was founded in Norway in 1968 and has over 20 ships in operation as well as a future fleet that will bring that number to 30. You might be wondering: "How many of the oceangoing vessels have casinos?" Good news for seafaring gamblers! Royal Caribbean has outfitted their entire current fleet with onboard casinos! Some are a little bigger than others, and some have more game variety, but they all have lots of slots and plenty of table game action. Sailing out of England? Consider booking the Navigator of the Seas ; From Barcelona, Vision; Shanghai? Quantum of the Seas ; Hong Kong, Voyager. Most of the other cruises depart from the U.S . and Puerto Rico . All of the casinos offer thousands of square feet of Vegas-style action under the lights with video slots, video poker, table games, and tournaments. Some of the table games you can expect to find on your Royal Caribbean cruise are: Single Deck Blackjack Roulette Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'Em Let It Ride Three Card Poker Blackjack with Side Bets like Lucky Ladies Walking up to a high stakes blackjack table and sitting down with a stack of chips in front of you can seem intimidating to casual players and those who may need to brush up a little on their game. Royal Caribbean has you covered! During the day, your hosts will be glad to teach you the ins and outs of any game from roulette to baccarat. Once you get your "sea legs" for the game you can join a tournament where everyone has a chance to progress to the grand finale without risking stacks of your hard earned cash along the way. If you want to win big prizes with more help from Lady Luck than your own gambling experience, try a Slot Tournament. Simply go to the Casino Cash Desk when the casino is open to enroll in a qualifying tournament. Even Beginner's Luck can help you grab a chunk of the $50,000 prize pool! This might seem crazy: Poker players can qualify for the Royal Poker Tournament throughout the year. Winners are eligible for entry into the finals with a chance to win part of the $100,000 Royal Poker Prize Pool! Don't forget, you may be eligible for a free cruise vacation for two along the way. What Else Can I Look Forward To? Visit the Royal Caribbean Casino Cruise Experience to learn more about... Casino Promotions Club Royal Events Casino Rewards Program Casino Credit Win/Loss Statements Wire Transfer Instructions If you have questions now you can contact the Casino Call Center at (888) 561-2234. Seabourn Cruise Line offers casino gaming on all five of its luxury liner cruise ships. The company was founded in 1986 in Norway. Carnival Corp began purchasing shares in 1991 and completed ownership in 2001. The company moved its Miami headquarters to Seattle, Washington in 2011 to join Holland America Line . With home ports in the U.S., Argentina, and Singapore the company's five luxury casino cruise ships are... Seabourn Ovation Seabourn Encore Seabourn Quest Seabourn Odyssey Seabourn Sojourn You might be asking yourself: Should I book a Seabourn Cruise for gambling? The answer to that is simple. It depends on what you are looking for in a casino cruise... 1) How long do I want to be on the ship? 2) How much time will I spend in the casino? 3) Do I want a Las Vegas on the seas experience? 4) Would I be happy with a few slot machines and occasional table action? 5) Can I afford a Seabourn casino cruise? We'll help you answer those questions and more by sharing some things we know about the Seabourn Difference . Seabourn offers Caribbean cruises as short as seven days. They also offer mid-length ventures and journeys up to 100 days. Shore excursions are available on some cruises. The casinos onboard the ships are all on Deck 5 near the aft deck. They are small by most land casino standards with less than two dozen slots and video poker machines and 3 or 4 gaming tables. The gaming areas are located fore of The Club and near the Club Bar. Men and women's restrooms are adjacent to the gaming areas. The gaming areas are well appointed and well kept. They simply aren't large enough to provide a Las Vegas-style experience when you aren't actually gambling. Table games include Blackjack , Roulette , and Poker . Seabourn is a luxury cruise liner... Expect to pay top price for your cruise Formal nights are optional so you could save on wardrobe costs Prices are all-inclusive so your drinks are paid for Gourmands will especially appreciate Restaurant 2 Now that you know more about gambling at sea with Seabourn, you can sign up for special offers or explore the video gallery and choose a destination in the Caribbean, Mediterranian, Asia, or plan a Transatlantic cruise ! Expect to meet others onboard who are: Older, financially secure, well-dressed. Silversea Cruises is a mid-level luxury cruise line established in 1994 by the Lefebvre family of Rome, Italy. The company is headquartered in Monaco and owned in the majority (67%) by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd . The company's current fleet comprises nine vessels. The largest and newest ship is Silver Muse at 40,700 gross tons and capacity for nearly 600 passengers. Six of the ships are over sixteen tons and three are clippers in the company's Expedition fleet. Seafaring gamblers will find casinos aboard: Silver Cloud Silver Wind Silver Shadow Silver Whisper Silver Spirit (Refurbished/expanded March 2018) Silver Muse (Launched 2017) There are no gaming facilities on the smaller expedition class ships. You might be wondering... What are the best cruises for gambling? Really, any cruise anywhere in the world under 7 days is best. Why? The longer cruises tend to attract older vacationers who go to bed early. If you like the casino all to yourself, a longer cruise may be best. All of the ships with gaming offer Blackjack, Roulette, and slots. The two newer and larger ships have roomier, more opulent casino gaming areas with plenty of action. The smallest casino is on Silversea Wind with nine gaming machines and four tables. You can click the following link to view the casino aboard Silver Shadow . True luxury at mid-class prices: All inclusive pricing makes a Silverseas cruise an easy decision. You'll find most of your cruise mates are couples and the younger more upwardly mobile families have opted for a Carnival or Royal Caribbean cruise. Enjoy: All-Inclusive experience (gratuities included in fare) Fine dining (diverse cuisine, open seating, 24 hours) Private veranda (855 of suites) Very personalized service (Butler service in every suite) Champagne, wine, and spirits (anywhere on the ship including in-suite) Entertainment Complimentary transportation (in most port towns) Spa and fitness facilities If I run out of cash can I get an advance for the casino or shore excursions? Cash advances are limited to $1,000 per voyage per suite. Onboard cash advance services incur a 2% fee. Onboard credit cannot be used in the casino. Can I gamble online? Silversea offers unlimited free Wi-Fi. There are no known restrictions on personal usage. Your suite status will determine a premium or standard Wi-Fi package. If unsure of local laws, please wait until you are 12 miles out to sea before you gambling online . Where can I find out more? You can check out the individual casino cruises by clicking a link below. Contact information is also available on the profile pages. You can also visit SILVERSEA to find exclusive offers, request a quote or brochure, or book your cruise vacation now! Victory Casino Cruises has been running out of Port Canaveral, Florida since 2011. If you are looking for a 'cruise to nowhere' this might be your best bet. The Victory I first set sail in 1972 and was refurbished before Victory launched their casino cruise. If you've ever been on a gambling ship, as opposed to a luxury cruise liner with a casino... You might ask: "I thought gambling was a monopoly in Florida. How do they do it?" Yes, most of the slots and table games are in the Seminole Tribe's Hard Rock casinos . You can find poker and a few other games like poker at Florida racetracks and jai alai frontons. Once the ship enters international waters, Florida gambling laws no longer apply. The 3-mile journey usually takes about 30 minutes - then the games are on! #1 Florida Casino Cruise? Judging by the reviews on TripAdvisor , most people are extremely satisfied with their Victory Casino Cruise experiences. Those who weren't might not have known what to expect. This is a gambling ship You'll be out to sea for 5-6 hours People smoke outside, so you might smell it You might say: "Okay, I get it. But what about the casino... is it a real casino?" Oh yeah! It's a real casino alright. There are over 600 slots so there should always be some open. On a busy cruise, they'll open up to 100 gaming tables. That puts it on par with most Downtown Las Vegas properties and quite a few on the Strip. Here's what you can play... Slots Blackjack $5-$500 - dealer stands all 17's - BJ pays 3:2 Craps Roulette EZ Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'em Mississippi Stud Three Card Poker Let It Ride Bingo Only Legal Sportsbook in Florida!!! Read on for more about the boat and what's on it... Four decks are available on the 2,137 GT, 368-foot gambling ship built at the Bellinger Shipyard, Jacksonville FL in 1972. Deck 1 - Sportsbook Lounge, Atlantic Cafe Deck 2 - High-limit slots, Table games Deck 3 - Slots atrium Deck 4 - Big Norm's Club V, Outside deck Dolphin Bar Big Norm's Club V is open 7 days a week. On weekends it turns into more of a nightclub with DJ's, internationally and locally renowned musicians. Where to learn more about Victory Casino Cruise Location Captain's Weather Blog Transportation Windstar Cruises is a luxury cruise line established in 1984. Based in Seattle, Washington the company's fleet comprises 6 yachts with capacities ranging from 148 to 310 guests. The line is owned by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Inc., whose parent company is The Anschutz Corporation. Former owners include Holland America Line . All six ships offer casino gambling . So... Other than offering luxury yachts, what sets Windstar apart? For the answer to that, let's look at the company's flagship vessel, The Wind Star . In service since 1986, the Wind Star features a spa, a Signature shop, library, veranda, watersports platform, whirlpool, pool bar, gourmet restaurant/lounge, a casino, and Windstar's Open Bridge Policy. When the weather is good... The Captain will welcome you to the bridge No reservations needed Shop with the chefs at foreign markets Sample the local fare and help pick out: produce spices herbs local treats Enjoy the next moveable feast onboard! Watersports Platform snorkeling paddle boarding swimming sailing water skiing windsurfing kayaking The Rest of the Fleet Wind Spirit (most popular casino ship) Wind Surf (the largest, formerly Club Med 1) Star Pride (formerly Seabourn Pride) Star Breeze (formerly Seabourn Breeze) Star Legend (formerly Seabourn Legend) Okay, now, some gambling details Age to Play: 21 While we're talking about age... This line is not recommended for families with children except for older teens. Very few organized activities. Sightseeing and adult socializing are key cruise features. Games: Blackjack, roulette, slots , poker The ships have a mix of gaming opportunities. Expect all on larger ships like Wind Surf. Table Minimum : $5 Slots: Multidenominational Onboard Credit: Arrange prior to departure for best success Smoking: Not allowed in the casino - only  in designated smoking areas on outside decks Learn more about what makes Windstar different Learn more about Windstar Policies - Read the FAQ Additional gambling opportunities on a Windstar Cruise If you want to take a shore excursion and include a casino night... Choose a destination or cruise with a layover to Monte Carlo ! Please keep in mind that all casinos in Monaco require men to wear a jacket and tie. Top Destinations: Asia Caribbean Costa Rica/Panama Cana Mediterranean Mexico How do I get there? Visit Windstar Cruises to find a cruise, plan your journey, look for specials, or dream about the yachts ! Seafaring gamblers in the Nordic region, especially the northern parts of the Baltic Sea, have been enjoying the gambling services of Paf on Tallink and Silja line cruises for over three decades. The Åland-based service provider's contract is up for renewal at five year periods with 2023 on the horizon fore or aft. Onboard games include popular slots, bingo, poker, table and card games, lotteries, and sports betting. Departure points for gambling cruises include Stockholm in Sweden along with Helsinki and Turku in Finland. The Baltic Princess sails out of Stockholm twice each day and offers full family entertainment and escape with a well-staffed Siljaland playroom for the kids. It's one of the newest ships on the Baltic and offers no-limit Texas Hold'em tournaments and daily live entertainment. Cruise ferry Galaxy offers 927 cabins over 12 decks, several restaurants and bars, as well as a kids zone. The onboard casino has slots, roulette, and blackjack tables. This vessel is often used for business meetings as the modern 450 conference center attracts the business class as well as weddings and family parties and gatherings. The sauna department is highly rated. The Silja Symphony departs from Stockholm and is an older ship launched in 1991. A favorite of many seeking a break, this is a unique vessel. The heart of the ship features a pedestrian streetwalk down the Promenade with top-tier restaurants, cafes, and a variety of shops on either side. The casino is located in the bow of the ship on Deck 7 where you'll find roulette, poker and slot machines. Silja Serenade Cruise Ship sails out of Helsinki and is perhaps the premier gambling ship in the fleet. There are ten classes of cabins and suites from the special cabins designed to accommodate people with special needs and those who are traveling with a pet or have allergies to the Executive Suite on Deck 11 with 75m2 of luxurious space and featuring its own sauna. Paf has recently upgraded the manual payment system in its casinos on the Tallink & Silja Line, replacing coins with tickets - adding another level of convenience and comfort for adventurers. AS Tallink Grupp services nearly 10 million passengers each year on its 14 consumer vessels. Paf also operates the casino aboard Casino Sunborn in Gibraltar , a 5-star superyacht, and the Paf Casino on Åland with more than 1,500 slot machines and 55 gaming tables in operation. Big M Gaming LLC operates two gambling cruise ships out of Little River, SC in the United States; Big "M" Casino Ship I and Big "M" Casino Ship II . The seaside of Little River is better known as Myrtle Beach. It is situated next to the South/North Carolina border and has been continuously inhabited since the first trading post was established in the 1700's. Big M offers 5-hour gambling cruises with a set-price all you can eat buffet and is very popular in the region. There are no land casinos in the state. The closest terrestrial casino is Harrah's Cherokee nearly 6 hours away in North Carolina. Due to strict gambling laws in the state, the only way to play blackjack or slots legally is to go out to sea. Gaming is only allowed after you are at least 3 miles away from shore but the ships may travel as far as 15 miles out. It takes about 45 minutes to reach international waters. The minimum age to board either ship is 21. Smoking is only allowed on the main deck casino during gaming hours. Both ships also offer smoke-free gaming decks with slot machines. Both ships offer Las Vegas-style gambling. Only Ship I has Texas Hold ’em poker. Both casinos host slots, roulette, craps, Let it Ride, 3-card poker and other specialty games. Both ships are well maintained and kept clean, although we wouldn't go so far as to refer to them as ' luxury yachts ' as the company does, they are nicely appointed and there is plenty of room to move around. The ships are rarely, if ever, out to sea at the same time so if you have a preference (outer deck smoking, prime rib or seafood buffets, etc.), it's always a good idea to call ahead or visit the website for a schedule and current prices. The water can get a bit rough any time of the year and the outings occur every month. Some people will choose to eat on the way out, others on the way back to port, and others may not eat at all. The price of the buffet is not included in boarding fees. The buffet deck is not handicap accessible but staff will gladly bring food to the main deck and set up a comfortable dining space for those who can't reach the restaurant. Sandwiches are available on the top deck throughout the cruise. BUffet prices are reasonable. Beer, wine, and well drinks are about the same price as you'll find in the town of Little River . Carnival Cruise Line offers casino gaming on over two dozen ships departing from the U.S. and other ports from Honolulu, Hawaii, and Miami, to Barcelona, Spain .  While the gaming centers may have different names from vessel to vessel, most are fairly generic capitalizing on formulas the cruise giant has developed over the years. Your Sail & Sign card also doubles as Carnival Players Club card at all of the casinos. The Ocean Players Club covers you on any Carnival Casino cruise, Ibero Cruceros, P&O Cruises, Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, Holland America, Cunard, Seabourn, and Princess Cruises. Carnival ships are family ships, so there's always a safe and healthy place for the kids to play while mom and dad head out for a little Las Vegas-style action during their escape to sea. Most Carnival casinos allow passengers 18 years of age and older to enter and play in the casinos. Common among most of the gaming decks are optional casino tournaments featuring slots, poker, and blackjack . The cost of tournaments change from time to time, ship to ship, and game to game but the payouts for winning on sheer luck can pay for the trip and more. Slots are the biggest draw with games from top developers and providers such as Aruze, Bally, and IGT. The Sphinx 3D™ by IGT gives players all the thrills they would ever expect in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. But if you want a dealer or croupier to get to know you by name you'll have to go to the table. Most of the blackjack tables have low buy-ins but if enough high rollers want a game your Carnival casino host will probably accommodate the request. You're not likely to find single-deck action but there are plenty of variations on the basic theme to keep most players happy including Face-Up 21, Fun 21, and classic blackjack. Most ships offer poker tournaments or at least a table or two for poker players. The electronic PokerPro tables might take some players a couple of minutes to get used to - just cup your hands around the display of face-down cards to see them revealed. If you're a poker junky and on a vessel with  Ocean Medallion technology, you can play 24/7 on your mobile device even if the tables floor tables are closed. Slots , bingo, and roulette are also available on some cruises. Players won't find free drinks coming around every few minutes like they do in Las Vegas, and you'll have to be at least 21 to order a partake, but Carnival offers double the comps for gameplay compared to other cruise lines. This means that your casino points add up to free beer, wine, and cocktails or even non-alcoholic drinks if you prefer. For the not-so-serious gamblers, there are also prize games - some require skill, and all require luck. Win a stack of greenbacks on the Cash Cube or try your hand at picking up pricey electronics and other prizes on a claw machine. Celebrity Cruises offer a single brand of casino experience across the fleet of gaming equipped vessels. Every Celebrity cruise ship except the Expedition has a Fortune Casino onboard. All ships offer blackjack, roulette, poker, craps, and a wide range of slot machines.  For guests on the Celebrity Solstice sailing out of Sydney, and several other cruises, baccarat (punto banco) is also available upon request. Since the casinos don't open for play until the cruise is in international waters, most gambling laws do not apply. Guests only need to be 18 years old to play, except for the Alaska Cruise which requires guests to be 21 or older.  No matter where the ship is, you need to be 21 to drink. Smoking is not allowed in any Fortunes Casino but all ships have designated outdoor smoking areas. Celebrity Cruises belongs to the International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) and adheres to council guidelines on gambling entertainment. All facilities and equipment meet regulatory standards equal to Nevada or other licensed jurisdictions for payback percentages ad internal software; abide by rules of play equal to Nevada, New Jersey or England, and all gambling operations are audited by Celebrity's internal audit department on a regular basis, among other controls. Fortunes Casino partners with MGM, so if you remember to use your player's club card you can earn comps and perks at land-based casinos while you are out at sea! All loyalty tiers can redeem points for free casino play. There are 5 tiers and players in the top 3 tiers receive anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars in free play each time they sail. There are now more than 20 perks and benefits associated with Blue Chip Club membership. Passengers will always find excellent dining and lounge options on Celebrity casino cruises as well as entertainment. Among the best-outfitted vessels for casino gaming players will find about 275 slot machines. Celebrity Millenium sailing out of Hong Kong, Infinity, Summit, and Constellation offer around 190 machines each, about a dozen mixed Las Vegas-style table games, and 1 electronic Pokermate Texas Hold 'Em table. Celebrity Reflection sailing out of Chile and Brazil, Equinox, Eclipse, Silhouette, and  Solstice each have more than a dozen tables with 2 poker tables each and baccarat upon request. All Fortune Casinos offer at least one single-deck blackjack table. Slots start at $0.01, they include reel slots and video bonus games. Video poker machines are included in the slot machines count. People who take the seas to gamble in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe know the Costa Cruises experience, or as the line is called in its native Italy, Costa Crociere. Vessels with onboard casinos include those sailing out of Marina Bay, Singapore ; Tianjin, China; Dubai, UAE; Port Louis, Mauritius; Mumbai, India and Savona, Italy . Starting out with cargo ships in 1854, the company started commercial activities from about 1924 until the first passenger services were begun in 1947 with regular services to South America. The then family-owned company eventually converted their fleet to cruising and became one of the largest operators in Europe before selling to Carnival in the year 2000. The Carnival family of companies now comprises  Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Crociere, Cunard Line, Holland America, Seabourn Cruise Lines, and Windstar Cruises with Costa accounting for about 16% of the parent company's revenue. Costa Cruises brand currently operates six casino ships and 8 vessels without gaming facilities. All sail under the Italian flag in the waters of the Caribbean, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia, and South America. None of the casino spaces are huge by international standards but all are well appointed and offer tables and slots. The Mediterranea , sailing out of Savona in Italy, offers the most slots with over 140 machines, while the Atlantica , departing from Tianjin, China offers the most table games with a count of 21. The table game selection varies by ship but you will usually find blackjack, roulette, and poker, as well as craps on some vessels. All of the vessels offer fine dining, recreation, entertainment, shopping, sport, and wellness facilities including spas. Some of the ships without casino feature 4D Cinema as part of the kids' package of family fun. Some of the amenities found on Costa Cruises Fortuna, sailing out of Port Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates include a theater, library, art gallery, cognac bar and a cigar bar. Dining ranges from casual to fine dining on all vessels with 7-Michelin starred chef's tending to your needs on some. For those who smoke and those who prefer not to be exposed, all cabins and public rooms are smoke-free. There are designated spaces on open decks for smokers and you can smoke on your private cabin balcony - and of course, in the Cigar Bar. e-cigarettes are in your cabin as well. neoClassica and neoRomantica sail out of Mumbai, India and Port Louis, Mauritius respectively and offer a good variety of gaming. Crystal Cruises is an American luxury liner with two casino outfitted ships as of 2018. Formerly owned and operated by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) with Caesars Casinos onboard, the line was sold to Genting Hong Kong in 2015. The casinos were rebranded as Resorts World casinos after Genting's other land-based casino brand. The subsidiary was also renamed to Crystal, Ltd and maintains headquarters in Los Angeles, California, and Miami, Florida. Additional luxury brands in service or under development include Crystal River Cruises, Crystal Yacht Expedition Cruises, Crystal Luxury Air and Crystal AirCruises. Crystal Cruises is currently the only division to offer full-service onboard casino amenities. Both the Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity were scheduled for major makeovers upon acquisition. In October 2017 the Symphony emerged from a multimillion-dollar renovation with luxury suites and penthouses in addition to more standard accommodations. The 50,000-ton vessel formerly accommodated 1,000 passengers but now offers more space and luxury to just 848 guests over eight decks. The new deck configuration for Serenity unveiled in November 2018. The Serenity offers 9 decks including the uppermost Sun Deck with elevator service. In addition to a large social area, vacationers will find paddle tennis courts, a sliding glass roof that can retract and let air as well as light into the Trident area, a weight room, spa, and salon. Like the Symphony, the 4,500 sq ft casino is found on the second level Tiffany Deck. Games offered include Blackjack , Roulette, Slot machines, Bingo, Mini-Baccarat, Texas Hold'em, and Three Card Poker. In addition to open floor casino space and VIP rooms, a luxury showroom and stage is fore - with an atrium, retail outlets, a Hollywood Theater, bistro, photo gallery, nightclub, connoisseur club (smoking lounge), saloon, and dance club with a stage - all aft of the casino. Look for Umi Uma & Sushi Bar on Serenity from November 2018 - Chef Nobu Matsuhisa's only Nobu at sea. All chefs have been personally trained by the master himself. Additional fine dining sees Prego bring the flavors of Italy to the Serenity. Every day dining is also available in the Crystal Dining Room with signature menus focused on two choices - one classic, the other, modern. Crystal Cove is a luxury cognac bar featuring Rémy Martin Louis XIII at the top end as well as wines, liqueurs, tequila, and grappa. The Penthouse Suites at 982 square feet (91.23 sqm) offer verandahs as do some staterooms, Other staterooms feature large picture windows. Elevator service is provided to all decks. The ships' ports of call are Philipsburg, Sint Maarten and the Port of Anchorage in Anchorage, Alaska. Cunard Line has been operated by Carnival since 1998, but the company has a rich and illustrious history dating back to 1839. Starting out with Britain's first transatlantic steamship mail contract, there are now three vessels in operation offering Northern European, Mediterranean, Transatlantic, Caribbean, and World Cruises. The fleet currently consists of the ocean liner Queen Mary 2 , and cruise ships Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria . A 4th vessel is slated for operation n 2022. There is a casino on board each Cunard ship. However, not all cruises offer gambling as the Empire Casinos do not open during voyages without foreign ports of call on the itinerary. Vessels stopping in Dublin, Cobh, St Peters Port and all foreign country ports will sail outside of UK territorial waters (12 miles/45 minutes) and the casinos will be opened while outside of the UKGC's jurisdiction. Queen Mary 2 offers Roulette, Blackjack, Three card poker, and Heads up Texas Hold'em - a house-banked casino game played against the dealer - as well as about 100 slot machines. There are 9 gaming tables in total aboard QM2. As mention, the casino opens about 45 minutes after leaving port. Once out to sea, slots machines are available for play beginning at 10am. Tables are open from 11am until 5pm, and then again from 7:30pm until close. Closing time is at the discretion of the casino manager. Queen Elizabeth offers about 45 slot machines and 5 gaming tables. Available table games include Roulette, Blackjack, Three Card Poker, and Fun 21. Queen Victoria features about 45 slots and the same mix of games spread over 5 tables as are found on Queen Elizabeth. Table limits on all ships vary from $3 - $25 minimums with maximum bets ranging from $100 - $500. Reels slots, video slots, and video poker machines are multi-denominational with 'coin' sizes ranging from a penny to $5. All machines are coinless. Deposits are accepted in notes or via cruise cards. Cashouts are done to your card. Cash and cards are accepted at the tables to purchase chips. A credit card must be registered at the front desk in order to use your cruise card for gambling. "Onboard spending money" is not accepted for chip purchases. Complimentary gaming lessons are available during the day for those who may not be familiar with the rules or practices of certain games. Glory Sea is the first cruise ship launched by Diamond Cruise International Co. The ship is a luxury liner with an ever-changing itinerary that has included short cruises sailing from China's Shanghai port 2016-2017, and a 10-month charter with roundtrip cruises from Sokcho, South Korea which began in November 2017. Some destinations included Japan and Vladivostok , Russia, Vietnam’s Ha Long Bay from China’s “Coconut City,” Haikou, along with Da Nang and Nha Trang, as well as Manila and Boracay in the Philippines. Upon launch, the onboard VIP casino was operated by Century Casinos, Inc. , which also operates casinos aboard ships owned by TUI Cruises, Thomson Cruises, and Windstar Cruises. Immediately prior to its acquisition by Diamond Cruise parent company, Suzhou Taihu International Travel Agency, the vessel was known as Celestyal Odyssey and help a slightly smaller casino on the 6th deck. After the 2016 refurbishment, the Century casino offered 16 table games with a VIP room, and 40 gaming machines. Games offered include blackjack, roulette, 3 Card Poker, Sic Bo, baccarat and video slots. Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines is owned by a Norwegian company, Bonheur and Ganger Rolf, part of the Fred. Olsen Group. Company headquarters are located in Ipswich, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom. The company was started in 1848 by three brothers who embarked on a business of international shipping. Still, a family company, five generations of Olsens have participated in the venture as well as several other sectors from shipbuilding to electronics. There are five ships in the current fleet including the Brabant, Fred Olsens's first river cruise. All of the ships offer gaming opportunities, but the voyages are not usually undertaken with a primary focus on gambling. Each vessel has two gaming tables - one for blackjack and another for roulette. Many experienced passengers report that the tables are not open on every voyage. However, gambling is an advertised service and a croupier will most likely open a table upon request if it is not already in action. Guests will need to be at least 18 years of age to play. Only cash (Pounds Sterling) is accepted at the tables and bets cannot be charged to your room account. The Oceangoing ships are Black Watch ,  Braemar, Boudicca , and Balmoral. Onboard, passengers will find restaurants and fine dining, bars and lounges, relaxation and fitness and plenty of entertainment and fun activities which vary from sailing to sailing. Be sure to ask about the Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs), a great way to explore! The Genting Hongkong is a Corosration who owns and operate one of the leading global leisure, entertainment and other businesses. One of the major businesses of Genting Hongkong are Resorts World Manila whom opened last August 29, 2009 together with three big luxurious Hotels such us Maxims Hotel, Remington Hotel and Mariott Hotel . Another Property of Genting are Star Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Line whos offering cruise shipping to over 200 destinations all over the world and with 39,000 lower berths approximately. Golden Isles Cruise Lines, Inc. operates the Emerald Princess Casino out of Brunswick, Georgia in the United States. The departure and return location is about halfway between Savannah, GA, and Jacksonville, FL. Out to sea, are St. Simons Island, Sea Island, Jekyll Island, Little St. Simons Island. The ship is rather small at 200 feet so passengers who have issues with motion sickness may want to use an appropriate medication or another method to deal with it. Two of the ship's four decks are devoted to gambling. Smoking is allowed on both levels but never on the third level Bistro Deck. The fourth deck is an open-air observation deck. Guests must be 18 or older to board and gamble and must be at least 21 years of age to drink alcohol. Gambling opportunities are few and far between for many people in the state, so the cruise operator is highly appreciated by most. Holland America Line was founded in the late 1800s as the Netherlands-America Steamship Company. The company's first vacation cruise was offered in 1895. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA, since 1989, it is now part of Carnival Corporation . The line currently comprises about 15 ships, all with casinos onboard. One of the company's greatest legacies is their part in helping to settle America by transporting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to the New World. The fleet consists of mid-sized ships with the smallest, an 'elegant explorer', the Prinsendam slated for retirement in 2019 and new vessels being commissioned in the Pinnacle Class like the MS Koningsdam, Nieuw Statendam , and Nieuw Ryndam with 12 decks and passenger complements of 2,650. Nieuw Ryndam is expected to be brought into service before the end of 2021. Casino hours vary from ship to ship. The minimum gambling age in international waters is 18 with the exception of Alaska Cruises where guests must be 21 or older. Blackjack, roulette, three card poker, and slots are found on most ships. Craps are available on some ships. The casinos are all well arranged and well maintained. Roulette can be found with $1 minimums in some cases, otherwise, most table games start at $5. Slots denominations range from a penny to $5 machines, Be sure to check the video poker paytables before getting too carried away. Depending on the cruise, bingo prizes can range from $2,000 to $100,000. All feature slots and blackjack tournaments. Whether you are sailing out of a US eastern or western port, Kowloon , Saint George's or Sydney , HAL offers a great gaming experience along with a stately cruise full of entertainment possibilities. Restaurants and fine dining, nightly entertainment, bars and lounges, diverse onboard activities like cooking workshops, wine tasting, and BBC Earth Experiences on board are just the tip of the mountain of fun that awaits on a Holland America Line cruise anywhere in the world. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD. was first known as Norwegian Caribbean Line when launched in 1966. Through a series of mergers, decouplings, acquisitions and investments the NYSE-listed company based in Florida is now owned in the minority by private equity companies as well as Genting Group which holds an 11.1% stake. The NCL holding company also owns Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises through a 2014 acquisition of parent company, Prestige Cruises International, Inc. Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL) offers informal casino cruises with no structured time for meals and some other activities and no need to dress formally at mealtime. For family travelers, Norwegian Escape, Breakaway, Getaway, and Epic offer the most 'kid friendly' cruises. All 15 of the ships, including Pride of America, the only US-flagged vessel in the fleet, offer gambling once the ships leave territorial waters. Game variety varies from ship to ship but a sampling of available games includes slots, blackjack and 21 variants, craps, roulette, three card poker, let it ride, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, baccarat, Pai Gow poker, and Texas Hold'em poker. Some of the blackjack variants include a Lucky Ladies side bet with a $5,000 jackpot. Lucky Ladies is available on all ships. All ships except Epic, Breakaway, and Getaway offer a Wheel of Madness side bet on the game. The optional bet can range from $1 to $10. When a player with a stake on the wheel is dealt a natural Blackjack they'll get a spin on the wheel to determine their side bet multiplier. The top prize is $5,000. For those who enjoy sailing on small city-size ships, Norwegian has added a third vessel to its Breakaway-Plus series with the launch of the 168,028-ton, 1,082-foot-long,  20-deck, 4,004 passenger Norwegian Bliss in 2018. She joins Escape and Joy in the class. Those ships launched in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cruise line is very popular and consistently adds to its fleet. There are 7 new additions to the fleet slated for release between 2019 and 2027. The five most recent debuts include Norwegian Bliss (2018), Joy (2017) Escape (2015), Getaway (2014), and Breakaway (2013). So far, Norwegian Bliss is the most innovative casino ship in the fleet with over 300 pokies (slots and video poker) and 25 gaming tables. Across the fleet, poker players register well ahead of time for the Norwegian Cruise Line Poker Challenge (NCLPC). The field is expected to surpass 400 participants soon. Oceania Cruises launched their first ship in 2002 and currently has a fleet of six ships. All of them offer gambling facilities. Founded by a team of cruise industry veterans, the company was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, LTD in 2014 along with a sister company, Regent Seven Seas Cruises . Norwegian (NCL) is headquartered in Florida. All of Oceania's vessels fly the flag of the Marshall Islands. There are 4 ships in the Regatta class, all were built in 1998, 1999, or 2000. The MS Regatta was launched in 2003 and last refurbished in 2014. The most recent launch in the class was the 30,277 ton, 343 cabin, MS Sirena . The former Ocean Princess underwent a $40 million refurbishment in France and launched in 2016. Two brand new Oceania class ships were commissioned from Italian builder Fincantieri and are the first two new builds for the company. MS Marina , at 66,084 tons can hold 1,250 passengers and 580 of the 625 suites and cabins have private verandas. Marina launched in 2011. Her sister ship, which launched in 2012, is the MS Riviera . Two-week-long cruises are the norm for Oceania but they are most well known for much longer tours such as "Around the World in 180 Days" voyages and others lasting up to 195 days. The 6-month world cruises began in 2015. Bookings for the 180-Day World Cruises are taken up to two years in advance. The casinos are rather small in relation to the overall ship size on some vessels, mainly due to the extended times at sea. However, they are also a favorite attraction of many oceanfarers. The gambling spaces are well designed and stylish and offer table limits for all levels of players. The gaming machines include reel and video slots and video poker machines. Key card wagering makes the slots cashless. Casino credit is available to qualified guests and should be arranged one-month prior to departure. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check is required when you board the vessel in order to activate a credit line. All gaming is in USD and Euros can be exchanged on board. All play is tracked and rewarded through the Casinos at Sea rewards program which has 5 tiers. Points can be transfered from ship to ship and slot players can redeem rewards at any time onscreen while playing any game. P&O Cruises is the oldest cruise line in the world. The original company was founded in 1837 and the first passenger cruises from Southampton were offered in 1844. A series of de-mergers and mergers beginning in 2000 culminated in a merger with Carnival Corporation in 2003. The company operates seven cruise ships including Britannia which launched in early 2015. Two more large vessels are planned for launch in 2020 and 2020. All ships offer casino gaming once entering international waters. Table games, slot machines, bingo, scratch cards, and video horse racing are all offered. Roulette, blackjack, and three card poker are offered on all ships. Three of the casinos also offer Fun 21. If you don't see the game when aboard the Arcadia and there is an empty blackjack table, ask your host to flip the table as the Fun 21 felt is just underneath. Purchase your chips from the dealer with cash or your cruise card. All winnings are cashed out onto your cruise card. Slot machines all operate on a coinless system. To play, simply insert your cruise card or cash notes. Bingo offers five cash prizes each full day out to sea. There's also a jackpot that grows with nearly every game and must be won by the conclusion of the cruise. Scratch cards have prizes up to £20,000 and can be purchased at the casino desk. Video horse racing is presented on big screens. Arcadia features 4 tables and a variety of slots on the F deck. Aurora's casino is located on the Prom deck and features 4 tables and slots. Head to the F deck on Azura to find five tables offering three card poker, blackjack, roulette x2, and Fun 21. The casino on Britannia is deck 6 with 2 tables each offering blackjack, roulette, and three card poker. Oceana has five tables on D deck - Oriana offers 23 tables on the Prom deck, and there are five tables on F deck of Ventura. On sea days slots are open on all ships from 10 am until late with tables opening at noon. On port days, gaming doesn't start until the ship reaches international waters, which usually takes about 45 minutes. Opening times can vary by jurisdiction, but the demarcation point is usually 12 miles outside of port limits. Be sure to cash in your chips before leaving the ship. If you happen to forget, you can bring them along for your next voyage but may meet delays while the chips are authenticated. Princess Cruises launched their first Mexican Riviera cruise in 1965 but didn't become a household name known to people who vacation at sea until about a decade later when the company was acquired by P&O, who at the time was the world's largest oceanic shipper with more 300 vessels in operation. Baby boomers may recall Island Princess and Pacific Princess as the ships featured in the 1970s television series, The Love Boat. P&O spun off its passenger division in 2000, and it merged with Carnival in 2003. The combined company then featured 11 different brands of cruise ship companies. Princess, Carnival, and Holland America stopped requisitioning new ships during the 2008 economic downturn but added three new 3,600 passenger ships beginning with Royal Princess in 2013 and Regal Princess which entered service in 2014. A third Fincantieri-built ship, Majestic Princess launched in 2017. The entire current fleet flies the flag of Bermuda except for Royal, Majestic, Golden, Diamond, and Sapphire Princess which ships call the UK home. Three additional Bermuda-flagged Royal Class vessels are slated for launch in 2019, 2020, and 2022. Departure points for Princess Cruises include Vancouver, Canada , Brisbane, Rozelle, and Melbourne in Australia; Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and San Francisco in the US, as well as Marina Bay, Singapore ; Rome, Italy, and Piraeus in Greece. USA Today has awarded Princess the accolade of "Best cruise lines for Gamblers" and slots fans are frequently offered high return tournaments like the $200,000 Monopoly Cruise for Cash tournament. There are tournaments on every cruise so blackjack players and slots spinners have a chance to compete against their shipmates for cash prizes. Games vary from ship to ship but most voyagers will find traditional, video, and progressive jackpot slot machines as well as video poker. Table games can include heads-up Texas Hold ‘Em poker, and casino games like Caribbean Stud Poker, Three Card Poker and Let it Ride. Blackjack, dice, roulette, and other table games are available on most ships and you can even play bingo with ticket packages ranging from $10 to $30. A fairly new "class" of ships was introduced in 2017, known as the Ocean Medallion Class. These are 'the internet of things' ships with omnichannel connectivity to guests accounts from a medallion wristband. On ships appointed with the amenity, guests have access to the PlayOcean Casino and PlayOcean Everywhere so they can play real money games anywhere on the ship. Regent Seven Seas Cruises [(RSSC) formerly Radisson SSC] was founded in 1990. It is a luxury cruise line company offering an all-inclusive experience. Regent was a sister company of Oceania Cruises . The parent company, Prestige Cruise Holdings was acquired by Norwegian Cruise Lines in 2014. Regent Seven Seas Cruises' current fleet comprises 4 ships ranging from 28,550 gross tons to 54,000 GT. The largest ship to date is Seven Seas Explorer built in 2016 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri of Sestri Ponente, Genova.  Fincantieri has also been commissioned to delivers the 55k GT Seven Seas Splendor in early 2020. All vessels are currently Bahamian-flagged. The fleet's casino ships sail out of Sydney, Australia; the Port of Miami in the US, and Kavala, Greece. In early 2017 the parent company announced that a new Port of Miami terminal was under development for completion prior to 2020. All of the casinos in the fleet share in the Norwegian Cruise Lines Casinos At Sea rewards program. The rewards program has five tiers with the top three sharing a host of benefits including cruise suite discounts and convenience fee waivers. First-tier and all other players will enjoy promotional offers, pint redemtions for free play, and the ability t transfer points from ship to ship. Second tier members also receive special birthday offers. Point redemption for free play is easy. Slots and video poker players can cash in right at the machine they are playing at any time or do as table players do and redeem points at the casino cage. Casino credit is available to all players with an existing reservation. Please make arrangements at least 30 days in advance of your voyage. The minimum credit line is $10,000 and a personal check will be required on board to activate the line. The Casino on Seven Seas Mariner sailing out of Greece is located on Deck 7. The gaming facilities are open daily when territorial border limits do not restrict operations.  Blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and slot machines are available for play. Adult Entertainment beyond the casino floor includes a show lounge in the style of a Parisian cabaret with musical productions staged by experienced Broadway pros. The Connoisseur Club is a special hideaway where fine cognac and imported cigars are enjoyed by shipmates engaging in friendly conversation while they enjoy the finer things in life. Royal Caribbean International is a Miami-based cruise line brand owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. The company was founded in Norway in 1968 and has over 20 ships in operation as well as a future fleet that will bring that number to 30. You might be wondering: "How many of the oceangoing vessels have casinos?" Good news for seafaring gamblers! Royal Caribbean has outfitted their entire current fleet with onboard casinos! Some are a little bigger than others, and some have more game variety, but they all have lots of slots and plenty of table game action. Sailing out of England? Consider booking the Navigator of the Seas ; From Barcelona, Vision; Shanghai? Quantum of the Seas ; Hong Kong, Voyager. Most of the other cruises depart from the U.S . and Puerto Rico . All of the casinos offer thousands of square feet of Vegas-style action under the lights with video slots, video poker, table games, and tournaments. Some of the table games you can expect to find on your Royal Caribbean cruise are: Single Deck Blackjack Roulette Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'Em Let It Ride Three Card Poker Blackjack with Side Bets like Lucky Ladies Walking up to a high stakes blackjack table and sitting down with a stack of chips in front of you can seem intimidating to casual players and those who may need to brush up a little on their game. Royal Caribbean has you covered! During the day, your hosts will be glad to teach you the ins and outs of any game from roulette to baccarat. Once you get your "sea legs" for the game you can join a tournament where everyone has a chance to progress to the grand finale without risking stacks of your hard earned cash along the way. If you want to win big prizes with more help from Lady Luck than your own gambling experience, try a Slot Tournament. Simply go to the Casino Cash Desk when the casino is open to enroll in a qualifying tournament. Even Beginner's Luck can help you grab a chunk of the $50,000 prize pool! This might seem crazy: Poker players can qualify for the Royal Poker Tournament throughout the year. Winners are eligible for entry into the finals with a chance to win part of the $100,000 Royal Poker Prize Pool! Don't forget, you may be eligible for a free cruise vacation for two along the way. What Else Can I Look Forward To? Visit the Royal Caribbean Casino Cruise Experience to learn more about... Casino Promotions Club Royal Events Casino Rewards Program Casino Credit Win/Loss Statements Wire Transfer Instructions If you have questions now you can contact the Casino Call Center at (888) 561-2234. Seabourn Cruise Line offers casino gaming on all five of its luxury liner cruise ships. The company was founded in 1986 in Norway. Carnival Corp began purchasing shares in 1991 and completed ownership in 2001. The company moved its Miami headquarters to Seattle, Washington in 2011 to join Holland America Line . With home ports in the U.S., Argentina, and Singapore the company's five luxury casino cruise ships are... Seabourn Ovation Seabourn Encore Seabourn Quest Seabourn Odyssey Seabourn Sojourn You might be asking yourself: Should I book a Seabourn Cruise for gambling? The answer to that is simple. It depends on what you are looking for in a casino cruise... 1) How long do I want to be on the ship? 2) How much time will I spend in the casino? 3) Do I want a Las Vegas on the seas experience? 4) Would I be happy with a few slot machines and occasional table action? 5) Can I afford a Seabourn casino cruise? We'll help you answer those questions and more by sharing some things we know about the Seabourn Difference . Seabourn offers Caribbean cruises as short as seven days. They also offer mid-length ventures and journeys up to 100 days. Shore excursions are available on some cruises. The casinos onboard the ships are all on Deck 5 near the aft deck. They are small by most land casino standards with less than two dozen slots and video poker machines and 3 or 4 gaming tables. The gaming areas are located fore of The Club and near the Club Bar. Men and women's restrooms are adjacent to the gaming areas. The gaming areas are well appointed and well kept. They simply aren't large enough to provide a Las Vegas-style experience when you aren't actually gambling. Table games include Blackjack , Roulette , and Poker . Seabourn is a luxury cruise liner... Expect to pay top price for your cruise Formal nights are optional so you could save on wardrobe costs Prices are all-inclusive so your drinks are paid for Gourmands will especially appreciate Restaurant 2 Now that you know more about gambling at sea with Seabourn, you can sign up for special offers or explore the video gallery and choose a destination in the Caribbean, Mediterranian, Asia, or plan a Transatlantic cruise ! Expect to meet others onboard who are: Older, financially secure, well-dressed. Silversea Cruises is a mid-level luxury cruise line established in 1994 by the Lefebvre family of Rome, Italy. The company is headquartered in Monaco and owned in the majority (67%) by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd . The company's current fleet comprises nine vessels. The largest and newest ship is Silver Muse at 40,700 gross tons and capacity for nearly 600 passengers. Six of the ships are over sixteen tons and three are clippers in the company's Expedition fleet. Seafaring gamblers will find casinos aboard: Silver Cloud Silver Wind Silver Shadow Silver Whisper Silver Spirit (Refurbished/expanded March 2018) Silver Muse (Launched 2017) There are no gaming facilities on the smaller expedition class ships. You might be wondering... What are the best cruises for gambling? Really, any cruise anywhere in the world under 7 days is best. Why? The longer cruises tend to attract older vacationers who go to bed early. If you like the casino all to yourself, a longer cruise may be best. All of the ships with gaming offer Blackjack, Roulette, and slots. The two newer and larger ships have roomier, more opulent casino gaming areas with plenty of action. The smallest casino is on Silversea Wind with nine gaming machines and four tables. You can click the following link to view the casino aboard Silver Shadow . True luxury at mid-class prices: All inclusive pricing makes a Silverseas cruise an easy decision. You'll find most of your cruise mates are couples and the younger more upwardly mobile families have opted for a Carnival or Royal Caribbean cruise. Enjoy: All-Inclusive experience (gratuities included in fare) Fine dining (diverse cuisine, open seating, 24 hours) Private veranda (855 of suites) Very personalized service (Butler service in every suite) Champagne, wine, and spirits (anywhere on the ship including in-suite) Entertainment Complimentary transportation (in most port towns) Spa and fitness facilities If I run out of cash can I get an advance for the casino or shore excursions? Cash advances are limited to $1,000 per voyage per suite. Onboard cash advance services incur a 2% fee. Onboard credit cannot be used in the casino. Can I gamble online? Silversea offers unlimited free Wi-Fi. There are no known restrictions on personal usage. Your suite status will determine a premium or standard Wi-Fi package. If unsure of local laws, please wait until you are 12 miles out to sea before you gambling online . Where can I find out more? You can check out the individual casino cruises by clicking a link below. Contact information is also available on the profile pages. You can also visit SILVERSEA to find exclusive offers, request a quote or brochure, or book your cruise vacation now! Victory Casino Cruises has been running out of Port Canaveral, Florida since 2011. If you are looking for a 'cruise to nowhere' this might be your best bet. The Victory I first set sail in 1972 and was refurbished before Victory launched their casino cruise. If you've ever been on a gambling ship, as opposed to a luxury cruise liner with a casino... You might ask: "I thought gambling was a monopoly in Florida. How do they do it?" Yes, most of the slots and table games are in the Seminole Tribe's Hard Rock casinos . You can find poker and a few other games like poker at Florida racetracks and jai alai frontons. Once the ship enters international waters, Florida gambling laws no longer apply. The 3-mile journey usually takes about 30 minutes - then the games are on! #1 Florida Casino Cruise? Judging by the reviews on TripAdvisor , most people are extremely satisfied with their Victory Casino Cruise experiences. Those who weren't might not have known what to expect. This is a gambling ship You'll be out to sea for 5-6 hours People smoke outside, so you might smell it You might say: "Okay, I get it. But what about the casino... is it a real casino?" Oh yeah! It's a real casino alright. There are over 600 slots so there should always be some open. On a busy cruise, they'll open up to 100 gaming tables. That puts it on par with most Downtown Las Vegas properties and quite a few on the Strip. Here's what you can play... Slots Blackjack $5-$500 - dealer stands all 17's - BJ pays 3:2 Craps Roulette EZ Baccarat Ultimate Texas Hold'em Mississippi Stud Three Card Poker Let It Ride Bingo Only Legal Sportsbook in Florida!!! Read on for more about the boat and what's on it... Four decks are available on the 2,137 GT, 368-foot gambling ship built at the Bellinger Shipyard, Jacksonville FL in 1972. Deck 1 - Sportsbook Lounge, Atlantic Cafe Deck 2 - High-limit slots, Table games Deck 3 - Slots atrium Deck 4 - Big Norm's Club V, Outside deck Dolphin Bar Big Norm's Club V is open 7 days a week. On weekends it turns into more of a nightclub with DJ's, internationally and locally renowned musicians. Where to learn more about Victory Casino Cruise Location Captain's Weather Blog Transportation Windstar Cruises is a luxury cruise line established in 1984. Based in Seattle, Washington the company's fleet comprises 6 yachts with capacities ranging from 148 to 310 guests. The line is owned by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Inc., whose parent company is The Anschutz Corporation. Former owners include Holland America Line . All six ships offer casino gambling . So... Other than offering luxury yachts, what sets Windstar apart? For the answer to that, let's look at the company's flagship vessel, The Wind Star . In service since 1986, the Wind Star features a spa, a Signature shop, library, veranda, watersports platform, whirlpool, pool bar, gourmet restaurant/lounge, a casino, and Windstar's Open Bridge Policy. When the weather is good... The Captain will welcome you to the bridge No reservations needed Shop with the chefs at foreign markets Sample the local fare and help pick out: produce spices herbs local treats Enjoy the next moveable feast onboard! Watersports Platform snorkeling paddle boarding swimming sailing water skiing windsurfing kayaking The Rest of the Fleet Wind Spirit (most popular casino ship) Wind Surf (the largest, formerly Club Med 1) Star Pride (formerly Seabourn Pride) Star Breeze (formerly Seabourn Breeze) Star Legend (formerly Seabourn Legend) Okay, now, some gambling details Age to Play: 21 While we're talking about age... This line is not recommended for families with children except for older teens. Very few organized activities. Sightseeing and adult socializing are key cruise features. Games: Blackjack, roulette, slots , poker The ships have a mix of gaming opportunities. Expect all on larger ships like Wind Surf. Table Minimum : $5 Slots: Multidenominational Onboard Credit: Arrange prior to departure for best success Smoking: Not allowed in the casino - only  in designated smoking areas on outside decks Learn more about what makes Windstar different Learn more about Windstar Policies - Read the FAQ Additional gambling opportunities on a Windstar Cruise If you want to take a shore excursion and include a casino night... Choose a destination or cruise with a layover to Monte Carlo ! Please keep in mind that all casinos in Monaco require men to wear a jacket and tie. Top Destinations: Asia Caribbean Costa Rica/Panama Cana Mediterranean Mexico How do I get there? Visit Windstar Cruises to find a cruise, plan your journey, look for specials, or dream about the yachts ! Casinos Bangladesh is located on the Bay of Bengal in the southern part of Central Asia, just to the east of India. As a predominantly Muslim country, visitors will not find any licensed casinos there. Games of chance and "common gaming-houses" were outlawed by the Public Gambling Act of 1867. Charitable lotteries and in-person betting on horse races are legal in Bangladesh . Bhutan is a landlocked Asian country situated in the Himalayas east of Nepal, between the Indian states of Sikkim and Assam, and China. All forms of gambling are illegal in Bhutan except for the state lottery. The original lottery ran from 1987 until it was shut down in 2011 due to alleged irregularities. It began operations again after a change in government in 2013. Bhutan is the only country outside of India that is allowed to sell lottery tickets in the world's most populated democratic country. The British Indian Ocean Territory is located about 400 miles below the equator between the coast of East Africa and Malaysia in the Indian Ocean. The territory comprises about 1,000 islands and islets in the archipelago with a combined land area of less than 24 square miles. Control of the Chagos Islands archipelago has been under dispute by Mauritius since the U.K. claimed it as a British overseas territory in 1965. All native residents were expelled from the archipelago before 1973. It is now occupied by about 2,500 U.S. and UK contractors and military personnel. There are no casinos nearby. Brunei is a very small nation with two non-contiguous parts located on the giant island of Borneo. It is almost surrounded by the Malaysian state of Sarawak. Each district also has a coastline along the South China Sea. Gambling is illegal in this predominantly Muslim country that gained independence from the United Kingdom in 1984. The sultanate is planning to diversify tourism opportunities to include adventure tourism, ecotourism, and Islamic tourism. Cambodia allows foreigners to gamble there, but citizens are not allowed. Thailand and Vietnam account for most of the traffic at border casinos on strips or scattered along the border at crossings. The largest casino in the country is Nagaworld Casino in Phnom Penh and visitors from all over Asia make up the footfall there. The major border towns hold several casinos with Bavet boasting 11 and Poipet (Paôy Pêt) 8. Coastal Sihanoukville also has 11 casinos. Koh Kong Resort is a favorite of some travelers and a stopping off station on the way to Sihanoukville for many Thais. Once in Sihanoukville, Queenco offers a modern casino experience with a hotel and beach access. The Las Vegas Sun Casino & Hotel in Bavet sees a lot of traffic as does the Titan King Resort & Casino. Star Vegas International Resort & Casino in Paôy Pêt has more slots and tables than NagaWorld and is the closest casino to Bangkok which is home to over 10% of Thailand's population. To learn more about gambling or read reviews on more than 45 Cambodian Casinos see our gambling guide here . Outside of the Special Administrative Regions Hong Kong and Macau, the only two legal forms of gambling in China are the Sports Lottery and the Welfare Lottery. The government and contractors cash in handsomely on the only legal gambling products in the country of over 1.3 billion people. Monthly sales rarely fall below 16 billion Yuan (~US$24b) for the sports lottery. Tickets are available online and at hundreds of thousands of vendors across the country. Chinese citizens travel to Las Vegas, Macau, or other Asian gaming centers to gamble in casino and shop. The cruise ship industry is also booming with Chinese customers and many of the cruise lines offer onboard casinos. To read comprehensive coverage of gambling in Macau please see our gambling guide . Hong Kong is a Special Administrative Region (SAR) of China operating under the 'One Country, Two Systems' principle, much like its sister SAR, Macau does. However, casino gambling is not allowed in Hong Kong. The government has granted the Hong Kong Jockey Club a monopoly on horse races, football matches, and lotteries. Cruise ships with casinos do make Hong Kong a port of call, and Macau is only minutes away by fast ferry. The two race courses in Hong Kong enjoy good crowds and other betting opportunities such as sports betting. Happy Valley Racecourse opened in 1845 and holds 55,000 race fans. Sha Tin Racecourse is now home to the Hong Kong Jockey Club and holds 85,000 people. The racecourse opened in 1975. Find out more about betting in Hong Kong in our gambling guide . Indonesia is a nation in Southeast Asian situated in the Indian Ocean between the southern tip of the Asian land mass and the continent of Australia. Indonesia comprises more than 17,000 volcanic islands. It is home to literally hundreds of unique ethnic groups and more than 260 million people, about 85% of them Muslim. Visitors to Jakarta or any other Indonesian city will not find any licensed casinos or other regulated gambling activities. Gambling is popular, however, and illegal dens and parlors are common, as are illegal bookmakers. Indonesia cooperates with Malaysia's Special Task Force for Anti-Vice, Gambling and Gangsterism (STAGG) and other regional anti-gambling enforcement initiatives. Japan passed an integrated casino resort law in late 2016 which will allow major operators to establish casino resorts in the country with an affluent population of over 127 million people. There are currently well over 12,000 pachinko parlors in operation, but the game is not considered gambling under the criminal code. A special carve out was made for games of historical and cultural importance like pachinko and Mahjong. Pachinko games resemble a cross between pinball and a slot machine. Players exchange pachinko balls for prizes. The Japanese are able to bet on public sports, such as horse and car races. They are also permitted to play lottery games. By law, lottery prize pools cannot exceed 50% of sales. To learn more about gambling in Japan see our gambling guide here . Laos is a Southeast Asian country surrounded by China, Vietnam, and Thailand. It forms part of the 'Golden Triangle' along with Myanmar and Thailand. The country has 3 known casinos, all on the border with Thailand, and one of them squarely in the Golden Triangle. Kings Romans Casino is located next to the Mekong River near the border with Myanmar in the Bokea Special Economic Zone. Near the middle of the country's border with Thailand is the capital city of Vientiane. Here you'll find the Dansavanh Nam Ngum Resort Casino on the banks of Dansavanh Lake with 60 tables and 150 gaming machines. The southernmost casino in Laos is the Savan Legend Hotel & Casino in Savannakhet. The casino floor here covers 5,000sqm and features VIP parlors and executive lounges for big spenders. The casino is open 24 hours a day. Please visit our Laos gambling guide to learn more about gambling and casino practices. Macau is the world leader regarding gross gaming revenue and is also home to the world's largest casino, The Venetian Macao . The gaming floor covers over half a million square feet. Macau is the only place in China where it is legal to gamble in a casino. There are nearly 50 casinos, many of them part of massively integrated resorts. Casinos are found in Macau proper, Taipa, and Cotai. Some of the newest properties include Parisian Macao , Wynn Palace Cotai , Studio City Macau , and Broadway , part of Galaxy Phase II with at least five more casinos on the slate. Locals need to be 21 to gamble in Macau, but visitors only need to be 18. Smoking is prohibited or restricted to special areas, and alcohol is not served freely in the casinos, but bars and lounges are available. The newer casino properties place emphasis on a resort experience rather than simply gambling, as ordered by the government. To read the most comprehensive guide to gambling in Macau, full of facts, figures, and in-depth casino reviews click here . Malaysia offers a single integrated casino resort and three horse racing tracks - one one each in Ipoh, Kuala Lumpur, and Penang. There is also a casino cruise ship being built there, but it is still unclear if Crusino will sail out of Kuala Lumpur when it takes to port calls. Malaysians must apply for and receive a permit before gambling in a casino in the country. Resorts World Genting or Casino de Genting is located in its own area known as Genting Highlands about 50km from the capital. The last two miles of the trip can be completed on the Genting Skyway, a cable car system that climbs the mountain. Shuttles, taxis, and autos can also drive to the resort. The casino offers over 200,000 sq ft of gaming space and the entire complex is evolving with a new theme park expected to open in 2018. First World Hotel there has 7,351 rooms making it the world's largest hotel. For more details on one of the world's greatest casino resorts, please see our Malaysia gambling guide . The Maldives are located near the equator in the Indian ocean and are considered to be part of Asia. There are less than 200 inhabited islands, 80 occupied solely for the purpose of accepting tourists, and over 900 uninhabited islands among the 26 coral atolls comprising the territory. There are no casinos in the Maldives . Mongolia is a vast sovereign state in East Asia sharing borders with Russia and China. The western tip of the country nearly touches Kazakhstan but is separated by about 23 miles of Russian Chinese border between the two countries. As of late 2017, there were no casinos in Mongolia but the government has been moving forward on plans to introduce casino resorts there after more than twenty years of occasional discussions. Casino legislation received positive attention in 2012 and again in 2017 as Mongolia looks for ways to tap the lucrative Asian gaming market. Myanmar (formerly Burma) is a Southeast Asian nation bordering India, Bangladesh, China, Laos, and Thailand. The country finalized The Gambling Act in 2014 which authorized foreigner-only casinos as part of a new plan for tourism after a significant change in government. One of the most recently opened casinos in Myanmar is in the Myawaddy Complex . All of the country's casinos are located on or near the border with Thailand. The northernmost casinos are located in Tachilek at the Regina Golf Resort Allure resort near the border. Myawaddy is located about halfway between Chiang Mai and Pulo with two casinos located on Treasure Island near the southern tip of Myanmar. Andaman Casino and Victoria Entertainment Resort ( Treasure Island ) originally opened in the 1990's. To learn more about Myanmar and the gambling opportunities there please visit our gambling guide . Nepal is located in the Himalayas and draws considerable casino traffic from India. The casino industry is rebuilding there after a crippling government shutdown in order to secure tax payments and devastating earthquakes in 2015. The capital city of Kathmandu hosts most of the casinos with new enterprises popping up near the Indian border. The first of these to open is Tiger Palace Resort Casino Nepal . Nepalese citizens are not allowed to play in the country’s casinos In Kathmandu, opulent 4 and 5-star hotels host casinos with various themes. Two of the most recent to open there after the calamities are Casino Mahjong at Crowne Plaza Soaltee and in the center of Diplomatic Enclave, Millionaire’s Club and Casino at Shangri La . Other new operations in familiar places include Casino Everest . To follow the development of gambling in Nepal or explore the casinos there please see our gambling guide . North Korea has at least one casino or gambling area inside a hotel in Pyongyang. The Pyongyang Casino at Yanggakdo Hotel does not expose much of itself to the world outside North Korea, as could be expected. The Emperor Hotel and Casino in the exclusive economic zone of Rason has been reported and closed many times. We do not recommend travel to North Korea. See our South Korea gambling guide for more information on the booming casino industry there. The Philippines is home to several large integrated resort casinos and over 50 small to medium size venues in over 30 cities. Gross gaming revenue is consistently within the top ten in the world and is on the rise. The government regulator, PAGCOR owns and operates over half of the casinos in the country but is expected to sell them off and remain as overseer. Entertainment City in Parañaque (Metro Manila) is where the integrated resorts are found. Solaire Resort & Casino was first to open and features 200,000 of gaming with 360 tables and 1620 slots. City of Dreams Manila opened on 15 acres in 2014 with six hotel towers, 365 gaming tables, 1,680 slot machines and 1,680 electronic table games and over .75 million sq ft of retail space. Okada Manila (formerly Manila Bay Resorts) opened in late 2016 and is expected to see $5b invested before completion. West Side City (Resorts World Bayshore) is expected to open in phases with completion by 2020. To learn more about super casinos in the country along with other gambling opportunities see our complete Philippines gambling guide . Singapore is a small island city-state off southern Malaysia with two casinos, a horse track , and state-run lottery. Various cruise ships stop in Singapore and some have small casinos on board. Lotteries have been legally available since 1968, horse racing since 2000, and the two large casinos there opened in 2010. Both casinos are Integrated Resorts with large MICE (Meetings, Incentive, Convention, and Exposition) and entertainment components in addition to casino gaming. Resorts World Sentosa was the first IR to open with the 94,000 sq ft casino taking bets on Feb. 14. 500 gaming tables and 2,400 slots make it one of the top earning casinos in the world. The resort held its full launch at the end of 2012. Marina Bay Sands opened their 160,000 sq ft casino on April 27, 2010, and at complete build-out offers 13 times as much convention space as RWS with 1,300,000 sq ft of MICE. The casino holds 700 gaming tables and 2,500 machines. To read more about the super casinos of Singapore see our gambling guide . South Korea has a highly developing gambling landscape with 17 licensed full casinos and about a dozen other electronic gaming clubs. The location draws gamblers from China, Japan, and beyond. Locals are only currently allowed to play at the remote Kangwon Land Casino so all other casino action comes from foreign passport holders. The country's casinos are spread from Incheon, near Seoul in the north to the southern island of Jeju, with a small cluster in the population center of Busan . Mohegan Sun is working on a $1.2b integrated resort at the Incheon Int'l Airport as part of a consortium. The South Korean government initially meant for casino gambling to only occur on the vacation island of Jeju but soon gave way to other locales with Kangwon Land being the most notable. Near Seoul, Paradise City opened in 2017 with almost 150,000 sq ft of gaming space in an integrated resort. Other large developments are planned. Grand Korea Leisure and Paradise Company are the market leaders after Kangwon Land. To explore all of the casinos of the Republic please visit our South Korea gambling guide . Taiwan is a small island nation about 110 miles off the coast of China. Some parts of Taiwan such as the Kinmen Islands are barely a mile from China's port city of Xiamen. China considers Taiwan a rogue state and part of the People’s Republic of China. In spite of cautions from Beijing, the Taiwanese islands of Penghu, Matsu, and Kinmen held referendums in 2016 and again in 2017 to legalize gambling. The referendum failed, even though the construction and operation of casinos on offshore islands were legalized in 2009. For now, Taiwan will remain a feeder market for Macau , about 500 miles away. Thailand (formerly Siam) covers much of the Indochinese peninsula in Southeast Asia with coasts on the Gulf of Thailand the Andaman Sea. Gambling, except for betting on the state lottery and horse racing is not legal in Thailand but illegal casinos and lotteries are well documented. The Thai people love to gamble and many cross the border to gamble in Cambodia. Several government officials and reform groups are trying to change the law to allow casino development. Major operators such as Las Vegas Sands have expressed interest in expanding into the country if casino gambling ever becomes legal. To read more about horse racing in Bangkok and see breaking news on other gambling in Thailand visit our gambling guide here . Vietnam has over 90 million people and none were allowed to play in the country's casinos until a decree was issued in 2017. The casinos and clubs are spread around the country and all are inside or attached to 5-star hotels. Most of the gaming venues are located in Ho Chi Minh City and Hanoi . The biggest casino in Vietnam is Ho Tram Resort Casino (formerly Grand Ho Tram). Located on the beach in Vung Tàu, it cost about $1 billion so far. The casino features 90 tables and 314 slots. Golf and poker are prominent draws. The $4 billion Nam Hoi An Casino Resort broke ground in 2016 and will join the Ho Tram Resort Casino in Ba Ria Vung Tàu; Phoenix International Club in Bac Ninh; Aristo International Hotel & Casino in Lào Cai; Crown International Club next to the Crowne Plaza in Ðà N?ng; Doson Casino Resort in H?i Phòng City and others. To read more about the history of casinos and other gambling opportunities check out or Vietnam gambling guide . The Aland Islands are located off the coast of Sweden. The majority of people live on Fasta Aland. Although an autonomous region with their own laws, the Aland Islands are sometimes considered to be part of Finland. The Aland Islands is home to the world famous PAF, purveyors of online games to several countries in the Nordic region. There is a PAF casino located inside the Arkipelag Hotel, sometimes known as Hotel Savoy. The hotel offers casino lessons for those who may not be familiar with card and table game rules or strategies. Learn more about gambling in the Aland Islands by reading our gambling guide here . Andorra is a tourist and tax haven located in Western Europe between France and Spain in the eastern Pyrenees mountains. As of July 2017, there are no casinos in the country. However, recent legislation makes development a certain possibility and any casino operating in Andorra's robust economy would be sure to succeed. In March 2017 the Andorra La Vella administration announced that three companies were vying for the right to open a casino there. All proposals were in the 6 million euros range. To stay abreast of news and see the casino industry develop there, please read our Andorra gambling guide . Austria has had casinos since the 1930s and some of the original venues are still in operation offering a mix of the romantic with modern gaming. After Austria had joined the EU the formerly state-owned Casinos Austria was privatized. There are about 20 casinos in the country mostly in and around the major cities of Baden, Bregenz, Graz, Innsbruck, Velden and Vienna. There are also about 10 Concord Card rooms spread throughout the country offering poker. Thousands of betting shops or internet cafes are known as "Kleines Glücksspiel" or "little gambling" are found in almost every village of consequence. Casino Bregenz is one of the largest casinos in Austria and offers traditional games like blackjack, baccarat, and roulette as well as slots and electronic tables. Casino Salzburg is situated in the Baroque Rococo palace of Schloss Klessheim built in 1700. There are about a dozen casinos and high-end betting shops located in and around Innsbruck. Casino Innsbruck offers 5-star accommodations, fine dining, nightlife and plenty of gaming options. Austria offers world class gaming. To learn more please visit our gambling guide . Some European countries have less of an appetite for gambling than their neighbors. Belguim has only nine casinos but Casino de Spa is one of the oldest casinos in the world. Each casino in Belgium is located in a different city. Four of the casinos are located along the northern coast from Knokke-Heist down to Oostende with the remainder in Antwerp, Brussels, Namur, Chaudfontaine, and Spa. There are various slot parlors or gaming halls scattered around as well. Grand Casino Knokke has the largest gambling floor in Belgium at 66,000 sq ft. While Grand Casino Brussels Viage , located in the heart of the capital, offers more gaming positions with 39 tables, 400 machines, and a poker room. All of the casinos offer fine dining, and all provide easy access to distinguished accommodations. Check our gambling guide for more information about casinos and gambling and Belgium. Denmark is the southernmost of the Nordic countries of Western Europe and is almost surrounded by the North Sea except for its southern border with Germany. It is connected to Sweden by a bridge near the capital city of Copenhagen. There are six casinos here with Casino Copenhagen being the largest and Casino Aalborg being the farthest from the capital. The minimum gambling age is 18 and although the official language is Danish, most people speak English as well. Casino Marienlyst in Helsingør is the oldest casino in the country having opened in 1902. The casino offers blackjack, roulette, punto banco, Texas Hold'em and Omaha poker, and a chance at the Denmark Casino Jackpot on a slot machine. In fact, all six casinos are on the progressive network with a minimum DKK 2,000,000 (US$301,064) jackpot. Casino Odense, Royal Casino Aarhus, and Casino Munkebjerg in Vejle round out the country's casino offering. To learn more about these casinos and other Denmark gaming facts please see our gambling guide . The Faroe Islands is a sovereign country closely allied with Denmark. In fact, it was a part of Denmark until they gained independence in the late 1940s. The tiny nation-state follows Denmark very closely and has emulated Danish gambling law to a large degree. With only about 50,000 inhabitants and no major tourist trade, visitors to the Faroe Islands will not find any casinos. Some residents do gamble online, seemingly without any interference from authorities. Until the recent past, the government of Finland remained cold to the idea of Finnish gambling with only a single casino on the mainland and one on the Baltic island of Åland . Both of those casinos gave all of their profits to charity. In 2016, plans for a second mainland casino to be located in Tampere , 100km north of Helsinki were announced. All casino and entertainment clubs in the country are owned and administered by consolidated state agency now known as Veikkaus Oy/RAY. Two brands have emerged under the state umbrella with 7 small slots centers attached to Pelaamo markets and shopping centers, and 5 entertainment clubs with gaming, restaurant and event services along with blackjack, roulette, and poker under the Feel Vegas brand. The fifth venue, Feel Vegas Kuopio , opened in January 2017. Grand Casino Helsinki in the nation's capital, features 20 table games and 300 slot machines, a poker room, cabaret, eateries, and bars. To read more about gambling in Finland with all casinos listed by city visit our gambling guide . France has nearly 200 casinos spread over more than 170 cities making it the best place in Europe to find a casino no matter where you go. The country has a long and rich history of gambling and holds some of the world's oldest casinos. Roulette and parimutuel betting originated in France as did the Queen in a deck of cards in the 1500's. Slot machines were first allowed in 1988 one year after regulators lowered the gambling age from 21 to 18. The largest casino in France is Casino Barriere Enghien-les-Bains . Some of the more well known longstanding casinos include the ocean front Casino Barriere de Biarritz in South-West France. In Cannes, you'll find the magnificent Casino Le Croisette unfold itself to you as you descend the escalator. One of the most prestigious clubs is in the seaside city of Deauville with restaurants, bars, and 44,000 sq ft of gaming space. Casino Barriere de Deauville offers 245 Slot Machines, 40 electronic English Roulette Stations, 10 Poker and 4 Black Jack Tables. Take a journey through all of the casinos of France in our gambling guide . Germany is the most populated country in Europe with over 81 million people.  It was first envisioned as a distinct region by Julius Caesar. All of the major cities including Berlin, Cologne, Frankfurt, Hamburg, (Stuttgart) and Munich have casinos as do many smaller towns. Casinos range in size from the larger Spielbank Do-Hohensyburg in Dortmund, to Spielautomatens with 50 or fewer machines. The full-service casinos offer blackjack, roulette, poker, video poker, slots, and some electronic table games along with restaurants, lounges, and bars while some of the smaller venues simply have a snack bar and machines. Casino names usually contain the name of their location such as Spielbank Bad Wiessee One of the leading casinos in the capital city is Spielbank Berlin Casino . Saarbrücken has 3 small casinos. Casinos are literally everywhere in Germany. Please note you will need to be at least 18 to gamble in Germany, show your ID, and sometimes tender a small entrance fee. To explore any of the more than 60 casinos in Germany or learn about other gambling opportunities please see our German gambling guide. Gibraltar is a British Overseas Territory on the south coast of Spain. Here you will find the 426m (4585ft) high Rock of Gibraltar, a limestone ridge. Due to its strategic location, Gibraltar has seen numerous settlements and occupations since Moors first populated it. The country passed a revised law known as The Gambling Act 2005 which oversees the two land casinos and issues remote gaming licenses for online gaming . In April 2015 PAF (Penningautomatförening) of Finland opened the Casino Sunborn Super Yacht Gibraltar in association with Finnish hotelier Sunborn at the Ocean Village Marina. The £120 million, 189 room, 5-star super yacht hotel first opened in March 2014 and features a spa, conferencing facilities, restaurants, and bars in addition to the casino. In May of 2015, Novomatic re-opened Casino Admiral Gibraltar at Ocean Village after purchasing the property in 2013 and refurbishing it to include new bars, restaurants, upgraded VIP areas, a sports betting facility and two smoking areas. To learn more about the casinos in Gibraltar check out our gambling guide. Guernsey is one of the Channel Islands along with Jersey. The island, or collection of islands, is a self-governing British dependency. One of the islands of Guernsey is Alderney, an online gambling regulatory and licensing jurisdiction in its own right. Oddly enough, Guernsey and Alderney have their own parliamentary systems so each island has its own regulations. There are no terrestrial casinos located in Guernsey. St. Pierre Park Hotel was able to garner a license in 2003, but to date have not put gaming into operation. Iceland is the 89% green country and Greenland is the 80% ice-covered country. Now that we have that out of the way let's look at gambling in Iceland . There are no legal casinos in the country. However, visitors to Reykjavik or a few of the other cities in the capital region will occasionally run across little slot parlors attached to other businesses. These are usually not high-class places and the odds offered by the machines are reportedly dismal at best. All proceeds from the gambling machines go to worthy social causes such as the Icelandic Red Cross. Most of the casinos in Ireland are situated in or near the capital city of Dublin with others in Cork, Dundalk, Galway, and Limerick. Most have poker tables and all have slots. They vary in size and services but most offer sports betting and many have table games like roulette, blackjack, and punto banco (baccarat).  The oldest casino in Dublin is Amusement City , in operation since 1974. There is some place for gamblers of every style in Ireland. Emerald Casino Clondalkin Q's is located in a snooker hall and has taken over about 3/4 of it now. The casino features 20 Texas Hold'em tables, 1 stud poker and 2 blackjack tables, 5 electronic roulette and 200 slot machines. The Sporting Emporium is one of the biggest casinos in Ireland. Part of the entry fee is returned in chips and complimentary drinks are served. The minimum gambling age in Ireland is 18 and you'll need to join the club to enter, as with any other Irish gambling venue. Like almost all Irish casinos the Fitzwilliam Casino and Card Club has a big poker component, but here you can also play roulette, blackjack, punto banco and Brit Brag, not to mention slots on 27-inch HD touchscreens. Check out all if the gaming venues in Ireland with our gambling guide . Italy is home to perhaps the oldest gambling house on the planet, Casino di Venezia on the Grand Canal in Ca' Vendramin Calergi. The Great Council of Venice established the casino in the palace in 1638 to provide controlled gambling during the carnival season. In earlier times backgammon was a common gambling game. Baccarat and bingo are said to have been invented in Italy around the end of the 15th century. Today there are six full-scale casinos and about 20 slot halls, some with poker rooms. There are also millions of legal slot machines in bars, shops, and hotels across the country. Of the six casinos, Casino Municipale di Campione d'Italia is the largest with 56 table games, 778 slot machines, and poker room along with a hotel, fine dining options, and a bar. Casino Sanremo has nearly 500 gaming machines, 38 table games, and a poker room. One of the most extraordinary modern casinos in Italy is Casino de la Vallee in St. Vincent with over 43,000 sq ft of gaming space over two floors. The resort is situated in the Aosta Valley, known as the Riviera of the Alps. Find out more about gaming opportunities in Italy by reading our gambling guide here . Jersey is a Crown dependency of the UK. It is one of the Channel Islands and situated near the coast of Normandy, France. There are no casinos on the island although the gambling law of 2012 would seem to allow them. There are no slots or video poker machines currently deployed in pubs or hotels. However, the country does have a gambling commission and is positioned to become an important online gaming licensing jurisdiction. Gambling is legal and highly regulated in the European micro state of Liechtenstein. Due to low tax rates and a relaxed financial regulatory regime, Liechtenstein has twice as many businesses as it has residents. The population of under 40,000 people has the highest GDP per capita of any country in the world. However,  there are no casinos in Liechtenstein . A law was passed in 2009 that allows for casinos, but no operator has taken the plunge as of late 2017. There is only one casino in Luxembourg. Casino 2000 is a gambling casino, hotel, and entertainment complex at Mondorf-les-Bains in the southern part of the country. Casino 2000 offers 6 gaming tables and 280 slots and electronic roulette machines. About half a million people a year visit Casino 2000 for gambling, dining, shows, accommodations, or conferences. Attempts had been made to open a casino in Mondorf-les-Bains since the 1840s and in 1983 the country's sole casino finally opened. Malta is an island country in Europe on an archipelago in the Mediterranean Sea. The closest neighbor to the north is Italy, and to the west 1000km away is the North African coast and Tunisia. There are four casinos in Malta and the country has its own regulatory body which oversees those and issues online gaming licenses. Dragonara Casino on the coast in St. Julians is the oldest gambling venue in the country. The casino opened in a nineteenth-century palace in 1964. After a complete refurbishment, it re-opened in 2016. The other three casinos in Malta are Olympic's Casino Malta at the Intercontinental Hotel in St. Julian’s along with the Oracle at St. Paul's Bay, Bugibba and the Casino at Portomaso. Tumas Gaming Ltd owns the latter two. Casino Malta by Olympic Casino in St. Julians offers more gaming positions than any other with 29 tables, 300 slots, and a 10 table poker room. The casino opened in 2015. The Casino at Portomaso is also in St. Juliens and offers poker tournament space for up to 1,000 during big events, as well as 150 slots and 14 table games. Oracle Casino is situated in the New Dolmen Hotel at St. Paul's Bay and offers a vast array of games over their 15 tables along with slots, video poker, and virtual horse racing. To explore the casinos of Malta please see our gambling guide here . Monte Carlo is the place of casino legends as well as myths like James Bond and represents the ultimate in allure and intrigue for the romantic gambler. Here you will find Casino de Monte-Carlo, the Café de Paris, the Monte Carlo Bay, and the Sun Casino. The four casinos of Monte Carlo in Monaco are owned and operated by the Société des Bains de Mer (SBM) a publicly traded company established 1863. In 2015 Macau's Galaxy Entertainment Group (GEG) and the Louis Vuitton company (LVMH) each purchased 5% stakes. In 2017 GEG and SBN formed a partnership to pursue a casino license in Japan. Le Grand Casino de Monte-Carlo (Monte Carlo Casino) opened in 1863 and features The Opéra Garnier. The word, "Opulence" doesn't begin to describe the luxurious setting. Be sure to play some punto banco (Baccarat) here so you'll have no regrets later. Cafe de Paris is a modern casino with two open-air terraces for gaming so that gamblers can enjoy a night breeze on the French Riviera. Monte Carlo Bay Resort and Casino is contemporary and features multiple venues and attractions such as a private beach and separate beach club. Sun Casino at the Fairmont Monte-Carlo offers a full range of table games and slot machines. If you'd like to explore more of the history of Monaco and find out why Monte Carlo is so well-known please see our Monaco gambling guide . The Netherlands is a country in northwestern Europe where many of the 17 million citizens have a healthy appetite for gambling. You will find over 150 casinos spread throughout nearly 100 cities from Bergen op Zoom in the south to Groningen in the north of Holland as well as Rotterdam , The Hague , Amsterdam , and all points between and beyond. There are 14 full casinos and the balance offers a variety of poker, bingo games, slots and other electronic games. Holland Casino is the purveyor of traditional casino games such as blackjack, roulette, and punto banco as well as slots and poker. Holland Casino Rotterdam is the biggest casino in the Netherlands with 144 table games, 656 electronic gaming machines, and 8 poker tables. In Amsterdam, you'll find a dozen casinos offering electronics and poker along with Holland Casino Amsterdam . Lucky Jack runs for casino there including Lucky Jack – Buikslotermeerplein . The Dutch love to gamble. To learn more about what they have to offer please visit our gambling guide here . Gambling in Norway is mostly an illegal activity except under certain circumstances. The government maintains a gambling monopoly through two agencies. Norsk Tipping offers sports betting, Keno, scratch cards, and a lottery draw game. Norsk Ristoko administers race betting. Poker games at home are allowed under the law as long as the game doesn't operate as a business. All true slot machines were banned in 2007 and replaced by IVTs (interactive video terminals) in 2009. Players must use a special card to play the games. Players must commit to a budget before playing, take breaks at certain intervals, etc. in an effort to stem any problem gambling. To learn more about gambling in Norway please see our gambling guide . Portugal is located on the tip of the Iberian Peninsula in Western Europe. It shares a border with Spain and has shores on the Atlantic Ocean. There are about a dozen casinos in Portugal. Three of the properties are operated by Estoril Sol Group , whose chairman is Stanley Ho, the original King of Macau. Five of the casinos are operated by Solverde Group , in the Portuguese hospitality business since 1974. All of the casinos are located on or near the coast on the west side of the country. Casino Estoril in Lisbon is touted as the largest casino in all of Europe. By area, the gaming floor only covers 26,900 square feet, but the casino holds 1,200 gaming machines and 35 table games. In addition to poker and slots, most casinos offer blackjack, roulette, and punto banco, but most also offer games with local color and flavor such as the high-paced 3 dice game of Banca Francesa. Solverde operates Casino Espinho and three casinos in Algarve - Vilamoura , Praia da Rocha, Monte Gordo , and Hotel Casino Chaves. To learn more about these and other casinos or to explore attractions and lodging opportunities in Portugal please visit our gambling guide here . San Marino is a landlocked sovereign state surrounded by Italy. The entire country has an area of less than 25 square miles and a population of just over 30,000. San Marino reportedly gained independence from the Roman Empire over 1,700 years ago and has remained a sovereign state to this day. Casino gambling was legalized in the late 1800s but was later banned by the government when it came under communist rule temporarily in the 1940s. The Giochi del Titano casino there is located near the northeastern border with Cerasolo Italy just off Strada Statale 72. Slovakia is bordered by Austria, Hungary, Poland, and Ukraine. In May 2017, the capital city of Bratislava voted for an absolute ban on casinos there. However, casinos will only close as their licenses expire. The last to close will be Banco Casino in the Crowne Plaza hotel in 2021. There are about 20 casinos in the country with 7 casinos in Bratislava. Other cities with casinos include Nitra, Trnava, Zilina, and Zvolen among others. Casino Admiral Bratislava is in the northeast section of town and offers 288 gaming machines and 11 tables, a restaurant and bar. On the other side of town, you will find Rebuy Stars Casino Bratislava with slots and electronic roulette. The casino furthest from the capital is Olympic Casino Košice with a poker room, 7 gaming tables, and 53 machines. There are also Casino Admiral locations in Nitra and Trnava . To read more about all of the gaming options in Slovakia please see our gambling guide . Spain has a long, rich history of gambling going back over 200 years. Skill-based gaming was authorized in the 1970's and slots in 1981. There are more than 60 casinos in Spain, but most of the nearly 250,000 slots lie outside of the actual casinos in bars and taverns. Spain is poised for some major casino development with rumblings of major operators seeking locations and licenses and casinos in the Center Recreatiu i Turístic ( BCN World ) about 100km from Barcelona expected to change the regional economy. The largest casino in Spain is Casino Gran Madrid Torrelodones on the outskirts of Madrid . Another casino that is grand for more than its gaming is Casino Peralada in Girona. The casino in a mid-13th-century castle built outside the walls of an earlier set of a dynasty is a major attraction. Spain holds modern wonders to such as Gran Casino Costa Brava Lloret de Mar in Girona. For nightlife it's got to be Ibizi or Marbella in southern Spain. If you'd like to explore more of the casinos of Spain, please see our gambling guide . Svalbard and Jan Mayen, although not a country, has a statistical designation as a place and for such purposes, Svalbard and Jan Mayen are combined by the International Organization for Standardization into a single category (ISO 3166-1) even though they are administered separately. Svalbard is an Arctic Ocean archipelago which is under the full sovereignty of Norway, subject to a treaty. Jan Mayen is an island in a remote region of the Arctic Ocean administrated by the County Governor of Nordland. There are no permanent residents of Jan Mayen. There are no casinos in either of these areas, but researchers could use satellite communications to play a few slots while posted there. Sweden offers citizens visitors multiple ways to gamble from the state-owned lottery Penning Lotteriet in existence since 1897 to the four land-based casinos, the first of which, Casino Cosmopol Sundsvall opened in 2001 in a refurbished train station circa 1847. Players must be 18 to gamble online, play the lottery, or spin slots. In order to play casino games you must be 20. All of the country's casinos are state-owned by Svenska Spel and operated by subsidiary Casino Cosmopol. All profits are claimed by the national treasury of Sweden. Although the casinos are highly regulated, games like blackjack and slots can be found at pubs and ferries all over the country, with those slots getting very little action. The casinos of Sweden are located in Sundsvall , Stockholm , Gothenburg and Malmö . All of them offer regular local and national poker tournaments. Poker is not allowed in bars and pubs. Casino Cosmopol Stockholm was the last of the casinos to open in 2012. It is also the biggest casino in terms of gaming offers. The Stockholm casino has 46 tables and 412 slot machines. All of the casino present locally relevant architecture. If you want to know more about gambling in Sweden please see our gambling guide . Switzerland is bordered by France, Italy, and Germany. Gambling has been allowed since 2000, so all of the country's 20 casinos are relatively modern. They are spread out around the country with several in the interior. Poker is popular in Switzerland and most casinos offer the games. The Casino Barrière de Montreux on the Lake Geneva shoreline offers all the gaming found in locales like Las Vegas but has better views. Casino Interlaken ( Kursaal ) in the Bernese Oberland mountain region of central Switzerland offers another experience altogether for those who venture out during the day. Swiss Casino - Zurich is the largest casino in the country with table games, poker, and 400 slots and video poker machines. Many casinos including Gran Casino Bern , offer Europe's largest tax-free jackpot with their progressive Swiss Jackpot. Gamblers must be at least 18. Opening hours and dress codes vary greatly from property to property, as do opening hours. To learn more about casinos in Switzerland please see our gambling guide here . Citizens of the United Kingdom are well known for their want to have a flutter, and none more so than the British. There are over 1,000 betting shops in London alone . Throughout the U.K. you will find nearly 150. The most legendary area for casinos in London is Mayfair, home to the legendary Ritz Club located in iconic 150 Piccadilly Street. And then there is Crockfords Club. The first casino in Great Britain was River Casino on the Thames and the first land casino opened in Brighton in 1962. It was known as Metropole Brighton. But gambling is not confined to England. You'll find  the Palace Hotel Casino in the Isle of Man, 4 casinos in Wales , and 12 in Scotland including Grosvenor Casino Merchant City , and Alea Casino Glasgow with the largest floors and most gambling positions respectively. Victoria Gate Casino Leeds opened in 2017 and the "Super Casino", Aspers Royal Pier Casino is expected to open by 2021. For a complete list of UK casinos by country visit our gambling guide here . Vatican City is a city-state completely surrounded by Rome, Italy. It is the home of the Roman Catholic Church and the Pope. Gambling is not allowed in Vatican City. However, international oddsmakers do occasionally post betting lines related to Vatican City events, such as who the next Pope will be. Oddsmakers have very poor prognostication skills when it comes to such rare events so you may be able to pick up odds as lucrative as 20:1. However, our suggestion would be to explore some of the richly historic gambling venues of Italy proper. Please click here to read our Italy gambling guide. Canada is a sparsely populated North American country situated above the United States on the map. Casinos in the country are usually owned by provincial lottery corporations in association with private business, or by First Nation tribes. Canadian residents and visitors will find casinos from the Pacific coastal province of British Columbia in the west to the most easterly province of Newfoundland and Labrador. In addition to more than 200 casinos, there are also more than 20 horse racing tracks in Canada. Several of the facilities also host slot parlors. Lottery corporations also authorize sports betting outlets province by province. In British Columbia Sports Action offers in-shop and mobile betting while Pari Sportif handles the action in Quebec. Check out all of the ways to gamble in Canada by reading our gambling guide here . Greenland is an autonomous Danish territory comprising a very large island mostly exhibiting coastlines with fjords situated between the North Atlantic and Arctic oceans. Over 80% of the country is covered in ice. Most of the people there live on the coasts where the ice-free land is to be found. As a rule, the government does not translate their laws into English so it is unclear if casinos are legal or not. However, no casinos are to be found in Greenland . This could be due to a lack of much of a tourist economy in the country, other economic barriers, or legal issues. Mexico is in North America  situated between the U.S. and Central America with a land area of 750,561 square miles. Known for ancient ruins and Spanish colonial-era towns the country is also famous for a diverse landscape including deserts, jungles, mountains, and beaches along the Pacific Gulf of Mexico coastlines. Casinos were outlawed in Mexico in 1938 but authorized again in 2008. Visitors will find over 300 casinos in Mexico, but most of them are small electronic bingo and server controlled slot parlors for the most part, with only a few truly opulent venues of good size anywhere in the country. Hipódromo de las Américas & Royal Yak Casino is located in Mexico City and offers table games, bingo, a racetrack, and over 700 slots. To learn more about the casinos of Mexico please visit our Mexico gambling guide . Saint Pierre and Miquelon is a French overseas collectivity on an archipelago south of Canadia's Newfoundland island. Only about 6,000 people live there, and there are no casinos on any of the islands or islets. The island's location has occasionally made it strategically important in times of war and it has traded hands several times. The archipelago was also an important transfer point for Canadian whiskey destined for the United States during alcohol prohibition. The island plunged into economic depression with the end of the alcohol ban in 1933. The United States of America has more casinos than any other country in the world. Almost half of the US states offer commercial casinos and even more states have Native American casinos located on tribal lands. From Las Vegas to Atlantic City and everywhere in between Americans love to gamble. Slot machines can be found in virtually every casino in the United States and were invented in the U.S. as were poker and many casino card games like Three Card Poker. Las Vegas , Nevada is known all over the world as the birthplace of modern gambling. Sin City also introduced the integrated resort experience to draw family and business visitors. World class entertainment, dining, nightlife, accommodations, and meeting facilities are now the standard for gambling hubs everywhere. To learn more about gambling in the country and to explore nearly 2,000 licensed casinos there please see our United States gambling guide . Argentina is a South American country with a passion for gambling. With well over 150 casinos and gambling halls spread over 10 seperate corridors, visitors will find everything from punto banco to video slots and all things in between. From the magnificent Trilenium Casino in Tigre with over 180,000 sq ft of gaming floor to the iconic Casino Central in Mar del Plata with it's stunning architecture which opened in 1939, gamblers needs are met with a fervor. Casinos in Argentina offer all of the games you would expect to find in a place like Las Vegas as well as casino cruise ships, horse racing, bingo and lotteries. The all-encompassing Hipódromo Argentino de Palermo in Buenos Aires offers horse racing and thousands of slots, electronic roulette, and VIP gaming rooms. For in-depth reading about all of the gambling opportunities in Argentina see our gambling guide here . Bolivia is a central South American country with diverse geography including an Amazon Basin rain forest, the Atacama Desert, Altiplano plateau, and the Andes Mountains. The country has a thriving underground gambling culture due to any form of gambling being illegal from 1938 until 1996. Casinos were finally authorized in 2002 and the Gaming Control Board was established in 2011. Electronic bingo rooms and other pseudo-casinos thrive under lottery operator Lotex S.A. which is partially owned by Russian based Ritzio International. The Moscow-based firm operates over 1,000 venues, mostly in eastern Europe but also in Africa, Peru, Mexico, and Bolivia. To learn more about gambling in Bolivia please see our gambling guide here . Brazil is an enormous South American country with an area of 3,287,956 square miles. Along with the Amazon Basin and Iguaçu Falls, the country is best recognized by the "concrete Christ" statue overlooking Rio de Janeiro. Casinos have been banned in Brazil since 1946 and the country's bingo halls were shut down in 2007 over concerns of organized crime and money laundering. Brazilian law currently allows federal lotteries and horse race betting. Casinos may be coming to Brazil as the government wrestles with a recession that has lasted over a quarter of a century. If legislation is approved it could open one of the most important new gambling markets in history. Major operators are watching closely and Las Vegas Sands has reportedly offered to build an $8 billion casino resort in Rio once the green light is given. Stay tuned to news on important developments and read more about gambling in Brazil in our gambling guide . Chile has 17 casinos operating under Law No. 19,995 including the newest, Casino Ovalle . Another 7 tenders for true casinos are authorized under a 2015 law and 7 more municipal casinos were recently brought under the superintendent's authority. In 2017 there were 24 casinos in operation. A recent study by the government showed over 30,000 illegal machines in various slot parlors and electronic gaming venues outside of the casinos. The Sun Monticello Casino which opened in 2009 about 45 minutes away from Santiago is the largest casino in the country and is part of a 5 star hotel, spa, and nightclub complex with ten gourmet restaurants. Dreams Casino Punta Arenas lies furthest south while Marina del Sol Calama takes up the northernmost position near Bolivia. All of the casinos are on or near the Pacific Coast of Chile offering easy access to beaches, sunshine, and outdoor activities. Many of the major casinos are open 24/7. For a complete rundown on casinos and other gaming in Chile please see our gambling guide here . Colombia has come into its own over the last decade or so and now the country hosts several high quality casinos. Although spread over at least 25 villages and cities, Bogota has more casinos than any other city. New modern venues are being opened in places like Cartagena as well. The Caribbean coastal atmosphere and attractive city spanning old and new, plus a good population of tourists and locals make Cartegena the new go-to city in Columbia for gambling. Codere Group's Crown Casino Zona T in Bogota is a magnificent casino with all the gaming and entertainment one could expect spread over more than 40,000 sq ft and five levels. In Cartegena Sun Nao Casino is a must-go place for gamblers to enjoy casino gaming. Inside the Nao shopping center visitors will find a 5-star hotel, cinemas, dining, and more. To learn more about all of the gaming opportunities in Columbia see our gambling guide . Casinos operated in Ecuador from 1949 until 2011 when they were banned by presidential decree after a narrowly defeated voter referendum. However, the underground casino economy only contributes to money laundering and in March of 2017 the country was placed on the US government's blacklist of top offenders in its annual report on drug trafficking and financial crimes. The May 2017, inauguration of a new president is not expected to change things. For more history on gambling in Ecuador please see our gambling guide here . The Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) is a remote archipelago located in the South Atlantic ocean. The population hovers below 3,000 residents and there is no regulated gambling there. The largest city and capital, Stanley, holds two-thirds of the British Overseas Territory's inhabitants. Great Britain invaded the Falklands in 1982. The war is memorialized in a museum there. In order to gamble, residents would most likely travel to Tierra del Fuego or Río Gallegos in Argentina . French Guiana is situated on the northeastern coast of South America. It is a tiny country shouldered by Suriname and Brazil with a North Atlantic Ocean coastline. The capital city of Cayenne is resplendent with colorful houses and colonial architecture. As an overseas region of France, it is subject to French gambling law, and although it is technically possible for casinos to be licensed there, it is not very likely any ever will be. Guyana , not to be confused with the French overseas region of French Guiana, is a Caribbean identifying sovereign nation situated on the mainland of South America in the north. It is separated from French Guiana by Suriname and shares its other borders with Venezuela and Brazil. About 90% of the country's 740,000 inhabitants along a narrow coastal strip adjacent to the Atlantic Ocean. There are no casinos in Guyana and precious few in any of its neighboring countries. Many tourist attracting countries have a casino component and beautiful Paraguay is nor exception. Sharing borders with Argentina, Bolivia, and Brazil, visitors will find casinos from Encarnación, to Pedro Juan Caballero, to Asunción and beyond as well as slot parlors and gaming parks nearly everywhere. Shops, grocers, and pharmacies were banned from offering machines in late 2016 to keep under-aged gambling to a minimum. Amabay Hotel Casino offers complete casino gaming including poker. Carnaval Hotel Casino in Encarnación opened in 2006 and runs 24/7. Casino Asunción is a popular venue there with dice, cards, and slots. Hotel and Casino Acaray in Del Este offers 4-star accommodations and a nice casino. Hotel Guaraní Asunción offers more than 100 machines around the clock. To see all of the casinos in Paraguay be sure to visit our gambling guide here . Peru is literally littered with hundreds of seedy little slots parlors that most visitors would be advised to stay away from. The country also has a lot of legitimate casinos offering blackjack, roulette, craps, poker, and more. There are several truly high-class venues and gamblers will feel safe in any of the more popular places. Sun Dreams is planning a $250 million casino hotel for Lima , much like their offerings in Chile. Until Sun Dreams brings a true Las Vegas experience to Peru there are still some quality casinos to try your luck in. In Lima, the Majestic Casino inside J W Marriott Hotel is a great bet and so is the Fiesta Hotel & Casino . While in the neighborhood the Atlantic City Casino is just down the street and offers over 400 machines, 31 tables and a non-smoking poker room upstairs. To learn more about gambling in Peru and see all of the casinos, please see our gambling guide . Suriname is often forgotten when thinking of South America. With a rich history and melting pot population, there are also problems there with governments issuing travel advisories. But, if you are an adventurer, the smallest country on the continent may appeal to you with vast tropical rain forests, 17th Century Dutch architecture, and of course, casinos. The casinos of Suriname are located in the capital city of Paramaribo. All offer accommodation services. You'll find the King Princess Casino located in the Wyndham Garden Hotel and the Phoenicia Princess with her own rooms. Pasha Global runs the Mirage Hotel & Casino and the Atlantis, with the Tropicana run by a subsidiary. The Torarica Hotel has a small casino, and there are a handful of other options. For a complete list of Suriname casinos please visit our gambling guide here . Although Uruguay is small (68,000 sq mi) and about half of the country's population lives in Montevideo, the country packs a lot of casino excitement into its small space as casinos are scattered throughout the countryside with a minor concentration in the capital city. Perhaps the most spectacular casino here is the Sofitel Montevideo Casino Carrasco and Spa . Although not as ancient, the Conrad Resort & Casino in Punta del Este is nearly as impressive and a little more family friendly as a destination. Some of the other cities and towns hosting casinos include Artigas, Atlantida , Carmelo, Chuy , Fray Bentos, La Paloma , Paysandu, Piriapolis , Rivera, and Salto Grande . The country's oldest continuously run casino, opened in 1909, has moved to new digs at La Casa de Andalucía. For more information on casinos and gambling in Uruguay see our gambling guide . Venezuela was once one of the most powerful growing economies in the world, let alone South America, but economic pressures and political strife have made it a place not likely to be visited by many casino patrons. Of the grand casinos there a few years ago there is now only Crowne Plaza Maruma Hotel & Casino in Maracaibo. American Samoa is a U.S. Territory in the South Pacific Ocean that comprises 7 islands and atolls. The capital, Pago Pago is on the largest island, Tutuila. There are no casinos on any of the islands but cruise ships entering the Pago Pago Seaport may offer gambling when in international waters. Visitors to the nearby country of Samoa will find casino gambling. Australians love to gamble whether on sports or casino games and the casino population of the huge country reflects that fact. Including the various pokie parlors or slot halls we count about 100 places to have a flutter. Crown Melbourne is currently the largest casino south of the equator and the 7th largest in the world with nearly 1/4 million sq ft of gaming space holding 500 tables and 2,500 slots - all the license will allow. Crown Melbourne is followed in size by Brisbane's iconic Treasury Casino , Crown Perth , The Star in Sydney, and The Star Gold Coast , formerly Jupiters. It's currently unknown how large the casino will be at The Star Brisbane when it opens, but the A$1 billion+ Crown Sydney at Bangaroo is not expected to have a large mass gaming floor. To explore all of the casinos and gambling opportunities down under see our gambling guide here . Christmas Island is situated south of Java, Indonesia in the Indian Ocean. Most of the Australian territory is covered by a national park with wetlands and waterfalls drawing hikers into the rainforest there. Snorkeling and diving reefs ring the island. It is also home to the former Christmas Island Resort, or Christmas Island Casino that operated for 4 years beginning in 1993. The casino reportedly took in $5 billion profit annually but somehow folded in bankruptcy. There were rumblings of a potential reopening of the casino in 2015 but as of late 2017 nothing has come to pass. The Cocos (Keeling) Islands are a remote Australian territory in the Indian Ocean, far off the coast of Sumatra. There are 27 islands altogether in 2 coral atolls. The main islands are dubbed Home Island and West Island. Some of the uninhabited islands require permission for access. Coconuts are the territory's only cash crop. There are no casinos in the Cocos Keeling Islands. The Cook Islands is a South Pacific nation that is linked politically to New Zealand. The country comprises 15 islands that are scattered far and wide over 1,800,000 square kilometers (690,000 sq mi) of the ocean. Tourism is the country's main industry with about 100,000 visitors each year. Online and land based gambling is legal in the country, but locals are opposed to casino development and there are no casinos on the Cook Islands. East Timor or Timor-Leste is a Southeast Asian nation situated between Indonesia and Australia. It occupies about half of the island of Timor, the other half is part of Indonesia. There are no casinos in East Timor as of 2017 but there are rumors of a major development that could include a casino at Atauro being planned in secrecy. Fiji is a tropical paradise located in the South Pacific Ocean comprising about 300 individual islands. Most of the population is centered on the islands of Viti Levu and Vanua Levu. The capital, Suva, is located on Vanua Levu. Efforts to bring a casino to Fiji have been underway for some time but were tied up in the courts for years. In June 2017, the government issued a license for a casino to be located at the Momi Bay Resort in Western Fiji. French Polynesia comprises over 100 islands in multiple South Pacific archipelagos. Visitors come to experience the vivid turquoise lagoons ringed by coral and to sleep in bungalows that are placed over the water. The archipelagos are known as Austral, Gambier, Marquesas, Society, and Tuamotu. There is no organized gambling in French Polynesia . Guam is a U.S. territory near the Philippines in Micronesia, which is part of Oceania. It offers one of the most equable climates on earth, meaning that temperatures on the tropical island remain consistent all year long. Pachinko games and betting on greyhound races are legal. Up until summer 2017, small casinos were set up at festivals and fairs but have since been banned. The nearest casinos are about 135 miles away in Saipan . Kiribati is an equatorial island nation in the Central Pacific comprised of more than 30 coral atolls, isles, and islets disbursed over more than a million square miles of ocean. Kiribati gained independence from the UK in 1979. There are no organized gambling activities or casinos in Kiribati. The Marshall Islands are situated between Hawaii and the Philippines in the central Pacific Ocean. The area was used by the US military for testing nuclear bombs including a hydrogen bomb test in 1954. After WWII the waters around Bikini Atoll were used as a ship graveyard, now a popular dive site. There are no casinos in the Marshall Islands . Micronesia , or more specifically, the Federated States of Micronesia is a country in the western Pacific Ocean that is made up of over 600 islands. Pohnpei, Kosrae, Chuuk, and Yap make up the four states. The Federated States of Micronesia should not be confused with the subregion of Oceania (Micronesia) that includes the federated states. The Micronesia sub region includes four other independent nations and three U.S. territories. As is the case with many Pacific island realms, there is almost always chatter of potential Chinese casino resort development.  Pohnpei and Yap have been mentioned throughout the years as being under consideration for development. Nauru, formerly known as Pleasant Island, is an independent island nation located in Micronesia. Nauru is the third smallest nation in the world by area with only Vatican City and Monaco being smaller. It is also the smallest state in the South Pacific. Formerly a source of phosphates for Australia and others, the resources have been exhausted and Nauru was forced to act as a detention center for Australia in order to receive aid. It has also been known as a tax haven and money laundering center. There are no casinos on Nauru . New Caledonia is a special collectivity of France located in the southwest Pacific with legal gambling. There are two casinos on the archipelago. The capital city is Nouméa and where the casinos are located. The official language is French and they use their own local currency pegged to the euro at a rate of 1,000 CFP:8.38 euros. To learn more about gambling in New Caledonia or to read casino profiles please see our gambling guide here . New Zealand has six casinos, most of them operated by the Skycity Entertainment Group. Unlike most jurisdictions, in New Zealand, the minimum legal age to enter a casino is 20 years. The first casino opened in 1994 and the Gambling Act of 2003 codified regulations that are mostly concerned with operators. Most winnings, except for poker, are not taxed in New Zealand. When in Auckland you can't miss SkyCity Casino as Sky Tower is over 1,000 feet tall (328 meters). You'll be near the Waikato River if you visit SkiCity Hamilton for poker or casino gaming. SkyCity owns both casinos in Queenstown ; One in the center of town and one on Queenstown's Wharf. And finally, they own Christchurch Casino. For something a little different head up to Dunedin. 0.5km from the city center you'll find the Dunedin Casino in the Southern Cross Hotel - the first 'jet-setter' hotel to open in New Zealand in 1962. For full details on all the casinos in New Zealand including booking information for lodging, please see our gambling guide here . Niue is a Pacific island nation near Tonga. It is one of the largest raised coral atolls on earth, meaning the interior is covered by land rather than being a lagoon. Visitors can walk through fossilized coral forests to arrive at ancient chasms in the Huvalu Forest Conservation Area. There are no gambling facilities in Niue . Norfolk Island is located between Australia, New Zealand, and New Caledonia in the Pacific Ocean. It is a commonwealth of Australia and formerly an Australian racing jurisdiction. In late 2016 the Norfolk Island Gaming Authority was closed after giving a wagering license to one of the largest illegal online betting operators in Asia. It is unclear if horse racing, which only occurred twice each year on the island, will continue. The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI) consists of 15 islands near Guam in the Pacific Ocean. Only a few of the islands are populated and in the past casinos have been located on Tinian and Rota. Imperial Pacific opened Best Sunshine Live , a temporary casino, in 2015 and the property consistently outperformed even Macau in VIP chip roll per table. Phase I of a larger development, Imperial Pacific Resort , is expected to cater to a mass gaming crowd as well as VIPs. The final phase could see as much as $7b invested. Alter City Group also plans to open a casino on Tinian, working name; Plumeria Golf and Casino Resort . To learn more about gambling in the CNMI please see our gambling guide here . Palau is located in the western Pacific Ocean and is part of the Micronesia region. Estimates of the number of islands in the country range from 340 to 500 depending on the source. There are between 200 and 300 uninhabited Rock Islands or Chelbacheb in the western part of the Caroline Islands chain. The population is estimated to be under 20,000 and about two-thirds live on Koror. There is no organized gambling in Palau . The last bill died without a reading in 2015. Papua New Guinea is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean north of Australia. The capital, Port Moresby, has been the home to at least two casinos in the past but as of 2017 none seem to be in operation. The country does have fairly up-to-date gambling laws and a gambling commission. The National Gaming Control Board was created in 2007 and oversees terrestrial and online gaming licensees. Pitcairn , or the Pitcairn Islands group, is a British Overseas Territory comprising the islands of Pitcairn, Henderson, Ducie and Oeno. Pitcairn is the only inhabited island and has about 50 residents. The people of Pitcairn are said to be descendants of mutineers of the HMAV Bounty. The administrative headquarters for Pitcairn is located in Auckland New Zealand. Samoa is volcanic island nation in the South Pacific situated between the far shores of New Zealand and Hawaii. There are four smaller islands off the coasts of the two main islands: Upolu and Savaii. There is an international airport on Upolu in the capital city of Apia. A casino has been planned for Apia for several years following the opening of Samoa's first casino in 2014. Read more about gambling in Samoa in our gambling guide . The Solomon Islands are located off the coast of Papua New Guinea near Australia in the Solomon Sea, south of the equator. The nation's islands are scattered over about 900 miles. Several active and dormant volcanoes can be found throughout the archipelago. Two casinos can be found in the capital city of Honiara. To explore the casinos and learn more about gambling in the Solomon Islands see our gambling guide . Tokelau is a territory of New Zealand located in the South Pacific Ocean. The tropical island territory comprises three coral atolls roughly midway between Hawaii and New Zealand and about 300 miles north of Samoa. The MV Tokelau undertakes the 24-hour journey from Apia, Samoa twice each month. Bring your own mattress. You will need special permission to visit the territory. There are no casinos in Tokelau. While visiting Samoa to obtain permission to visit you can gamble at a Samoan casino . Tonga is a South Pacific Polynesian kingdom that encompasses over 170 islands. Fiji and Samoa are its most well-known neighbors within a thousand miles. Tonga bills itself as "The true South Pacific". Many of the islands are uninhabited and most are covered in tropical rain forests and lined with white sand beaches and coral reefs. Current law prohibits casino development in Tonga but that has not stopped a group which includes American investors from presenting plans for a resort that would include a casino. Tuvalu is an independent nation in the South Pacific, far off the coast of Australia. The combined area of the nation's 9 islands makes it the fourth smallest country in the world. Considered part of the British Commonwealth, Tuvalu won independence in 1978. There are no casinos on any of the islands. The United States Minor Outlying Islands include 7 territories in the Pacific Ocean and one in the Caribbean Sea.  The Pacific territories include Baker Island, Howland Island, Jarvis Island, Johnston Atoll, Kingman Reef, Midway Atoll, Palmyra Atoll and Wake Island. Navassa Island is located in the Caribbean Sea. There are no casinos in the United States Minor Outlying Islands . Vanuatu is an island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean comprised of about 80 islands and which has casino gambling. The capital is Port Vila and this is where the casinos are to be found. The local Bislama, French, and English are the official languages. The main tourist attraction in Vanuatu is diving. The casinos here aren't large by Las Vegas standards, but they present an opportunity to gamble on table games and slot machines. Grand Hotel and Casino Vanuatu is the most well-known casino with its seaside hotel. Jewel Casino Irikiri is also a nice place with access to Snorkeler's Cove. Palms Casino offers lodging over the water at its Holiday Inn Resort. Club 21 Casino at The Melanesian offers blackjack, slot machines, video poker, and roulette. For a complete description of gaming in Vanuatu please see our gambling guide . Wallis and Futuna is a French collectivity located in the South Pacific. It is comprised of two archipelagoes - the Hoorn Islands and Wallis Islands, Futuna Island is part of the Hoorn archipelago as is the nearby uninhabited island of Alofi. Wallis Island is surrounded by 15 smaller uninhabited islands. There are three ceremonial kingdoms: Alo, Sigave, Wallis. There is colorful lore as to why there are no people living on Alofi. Algeria is a Muslim country located in North Africa across the Straight of Gibraltar from Spain and bordering Morocco to the west. The capital, Algiers is situated on the Mediterranean Sea coast at the Bay of Algiers. Law strictly prohibits gambling in Algeria. The casinos of Morocco would be a good alternative for the region. Angola is a country in Southern Africa with a long South Atlantic Ocean coastline. Its neighbors include the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Zambia, and Namibia. Colonized by the Portuguese, much of their culture remains in architecture, cuisine, religious institutions, and in the country's official language. It is an oil producing nation with uneven wealth distribution. Although much of the country was devastated by a civil war that ended in 2002, important infrastructure has been restored and Angola enjoys a brisk tourist trade based on natural scenery and exploration of the country's labyrinthine river system, waterfalls, and scenic coast. About a dozen casinos can be found in Angola from the capital, Luanda to oceanside resorts. To find out more about gambling in Angola see our gambling guide . Benin is located in West Africa with about 50 miles of North Atlantic Ocean coastline in the Gulf of Guinea. It is bordered to the west by Togo and to the east by Nigeria. The country's only casino is located on the coast near the capital city of Porto Novo, in Cotonou . Benin Marina Casino Hotel offers slots and table games. In addition to the casino, the hotel offers dining and entertainment. A nightclub and piano bar are the highlights along with several bars close by at the Benin Marina. Learn more about gambling in the country by visiting our Benin gambling guide . Botswana is a landlocked country in the southern part of the African continent situated directly north of South Africa. There are about ten casinos in Botswana with three of them in the capital city of Gaborone . The country's Gambling Authority was established in 2012. The minimum gambling age is 18. All of the country's casinos are located in 4-5 star hotels. Francistown , to the northeast near the Zimbabwe border, hosts one casino as do the other five gambling cities. Peermont Global and Sun International are the most well-known operator names. Grand Palm Casino in Gaborone offers 16 table games and 150 gaming machines. There are two Peermont hotels on the property. The Avani Gaborone Hotel & Casino is another premiere property with fine dining and 150 machines plus 9 tables. In Letlhakane , Thakadu Hotel & Casino is a boutique luxury hotel featuring only slot machines in the casino. Francistown offers slots only play at the Sedibeng Casino inside the in the Cresta Marakanelo Thapama Hotel. Check out our Botsawana gambling guide for more information on these and other hotel casinos in the land of the Zebra, Botswana. Burkina Faso (formerly Upper Volta) is a mostly French-speaking country located in West Africa, North of the Equator. It shares borders with Mali to the north; Niger to the east; Benin to the southeast; Togo, Ghana, and Ivory Coast toward the Atlantic Ocean and with Mali and Niger further inland. The capital city of Ouagadougou hosts two terrestrial casinos. Faso Loisirs is open 24 hours a day and offers billiards and bowling along with a European style restaurant called "Joker". Nearby you will also find Lucky Night Casino on Avenue de l'Uemmoa. To learn more about gambling in this West African country please see our Burkina Faso gambling guide . Burundi is located in East Africa. It is a landlocked country situated in the African Great Lakes region. Neighbors include The Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, and Tanzania. While casinos are specifically illegal there, at least one operates in the capital city of Bujumbura. Travel to Burundi is not recommended due to sporadic criminal and political violence and potential civil unrest. The police are known to detain travelers at roadblocks and raid the homes of westerners without cause. Cameroon is located on the west coast of Africa just above the equator on the Gulf of Guinea in the North Atlantic Ocean. The capital is Yaoundé and there is a casino in the inland city. The largest city is on the coast. The seaport municipality of Douala is home to two casinos. In March 2017, the U.S. State Dept. issued a travel warning for certain regions of the country due to kidnappings and bombings. Although it didn't include the casino cities, we would suggest checking for updated travel warnings before booking any travel to Cameroon. The Douala Casino at Pullman Rabingha Hotel offers blackjack, poker, roulette and slots just off the lobby along with 4-star guest rooms, 2 restaurants, and an outdoor pool. The Treasure Hunter Casino is also in the port city and is part of the Games World Int'l group. Table games offered include roulette, blackjack and perfect pairs, Treasure Poker, Oasis Stud, and Ultimate Texas Hold'em with progressive side bets. There is an Asian-themed gaming room with baccarat, a tea bar and complimentary drinks for players. Electronic offerings include slots, roulette, and video poker. The biggest casino is Hilton Hotel Yaounde Casino in the capital with only 8 table games and 30 slots. To learn more about these casinos or more about other gambling in Cameroon please see our gambling guide . Cape Verde or the Republic of Cabo Verde is an island country off the coast of West Africa comprising 10 volcanic islands. The Portuguese colonized the area in the 15th century and their influence remains. There is currently one casino in the country. Casino Royal is located in the Hilton in Santa Maria on Sal island. Boa Vista, Maoi, Sal, Santiago, and Sao Vicente islands were all approved for casino development in 2013. Macau casino operator Macau Legend has been granted a license to build and operate a  €250 million casino resort in Praia, the country's capital on Santiago Island. Construction began in early 2016 and the resort is expected to open in 2019. To learn more about gambling in Cape Verde and to explore the casinos there, please see our Cape Verde gambling guide . The Central African Republic is a landlocked country deep in Central Africa just north of the equator. Although the country's penal code states that unauthorized lotteries and gambling houses are illegal, there is no indication that there is a regulatory framework or any licensed casinos in The Central African Republic . Chad is located in the middle of upper equatorial Africa and the Sahara Desert covers much of the northern part of the country. Chad's neighbors are Niger, Libya, the Sudan, the Central African Republic, Cameroon, and Nigeria. Although gambling is legal, and there are casinos in Chad, it is not a recommended tourist destination for most, especially westerners. The U.S. Department of State frequently posts warnings and alerts about potential terrorist activity throughout the country. Comoros is a volcanic archipelago located off the east coast of Africa in the Mozambique Channel. The capital is Moroni. Gambling is legal in Comoros but there are currently not any casinos in operation. Sun International's  Le Galawa Beach Resort & Casino has been closed for some time. The most recent, and last casino to close was the Itsandra Hotel and Casino, however, the hotel remains open. The closest casinos to Comoros would be to the west in Mozambique or to the east on the island of Madagascar . The Democratic Republic of the Congo (formerly Zaire), or The Congo, is located in the heart of Central Africa with about 20 miles of Atlantic Ocean coastline on and east of the Congo River with Angola to the south and north. Casinos are legal in the DRC with Inter-ministerial orders in 2005 updating descriptions and establishing controls. The most well-known casino in the country is the Inter-Continental Kinshasa Hotel & Casino , or Casino International at Pullman Kinshasa Grand Hotel. The casino offers about 100 slot machines and 7 gaming tables. To discover more about gambling in the Democratic Republic of the Congo or to explore all of the casinos there please see our gambling guide . Djibouti is located in the Horn of Africa and bordered by Eritrea, Ethiopia, and Somalia with Red Sea and Gulf of Aden coastlines. Due to conflicts in several nearby countries, it may not be safe for Westerners to travel there due to porous borders. The Safari Casino at Djibouti Palace Kempinski is the newest gaming venue, situated in a chic oceanfront hotel with several fine dining venues, two infinity pools, plus a spa and gym. Aden Bay Casino offers 10 tables, 65 machines, and accommodations at Sheraton Djibouti. To learn more about gambling in Djibouti or to explore these casinos in-depth please see our gambling guide . Equatorial Guinea is located on the Gulf of Guinea in West Africa. Its neighbors to the north and south are Cameroon and Gabon, respectively. The country has been a major oil producer since the 1990s. With oil comes wealth for a few and casino operators are quick to capitalize on disposable income anywhere in the world. You will find two 5-star hotels with casinos there, both owned and operated by Games World International of the UAE. There are also several smaller casinos to be found in the capital city of Malabo, on Bioko island. To explore all of the casinos of Equatorial Guinea please see our gambling guide . Eritrea is located in northeast Africa and shares borders with Sudan, Ethiopia, and Djibouti. It has a long Red Sea coastline near the Gulf of Aden. Visitors to the capital city of Asmara will find mixed cultures and Italian colonial-era buildings. Egyptian and Turkish architecture is also found there. There are no casinos in Eritrea . Ethiopia is a landlocked country situated in the Horn of Africa. There are no casinos in Ethiopia and travel there by westerners is strongly cautioned against by the U.S. Department of State. Civil unrest and the genuine possibility of detention by the government, which is known to arbitrarily shut down the internet, phone service, and even cellular data services indicates that Ethiopia is not a place to visit in the current political climate. The French Southern Territories comprises several islands and small parts of Antarctica in the southern Indian Ocean. Although there are no permanent inhabitants in the region, about 200 people reside there at any given time, staying from six months to a year for research or military purposes. There are no casinos in any of the five districts. Gabon is situated along the Coast of Africa with North and South Atlantic shorelines as the equator bisects the country. Gabon is home to diverse wildlife and much of the wild habitat is protected. There are eight national parks in Gabon including  Loango National Park which features a 60 mile run of virgin beach adjacent to a tropical rainforest with leopards, gorillas, elephants, and monkeys. There is one casino in Gabon . Casino Croisette is located in the capital city of Libreville and is open 24 hours a day. Gambia is a small country in West Africa with a small Atlantic Ocean coastline, otherwise, it is landlocked by Senegal. Gambling was legal in Gambia until March 02, 2015, when the government banned all forms of gambling there. In part, the presidential release stated: “The Government of The Gambia hereby announces that it has banned lotteries, casinos and all forms of gambling in The Gambia with effect from Monday, 2nd March 2015. All operators of these services and establishments are hereby instructed to cease operations from the effective date." To learn more about the casinos of neighboring Senegal please see our gambling guide here . Ghana is a country in West Africa that sits on the Gulf of Guinea in the North Atlantic Ocean and shares borders with Togo, Burkina Faso, and Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast). There are about half a dozen casinos in the country overseen by the Ghana Gaming Commission under the Gaming Act of 2006. The capital city is Accra which has about 75 miles of coastline. Most of the country's casinos are found here. There are also two casinos in Tema and one in Kumasi . Casino currency is the local Cedi (Ghc) for table play but slots are played in US$. Casinos collect a VAT tax on winnings and you must be at least 18 to gamble in Ghana. Victoria Casino Accra offers the most gaming action of any casino in the country with over 1,300 slots, craps and roulette tables, bars and lounges and accommodations at Frankie's Hotel. There is a Millionaire Casino in Accra and one in Kumasi, as well as the Golden Dragon Casino and Casino Crown in Tema . To explore all of the casinos and gambling options in Ghana please see our gambling guide here . Guinea is a West African country situated on the Atlantic Ocean and bordered by Guinea-Bissau and Sierra Leone on the coast.The capital city is Conakry, located on Sangareya Bay. In addition to the modern Grand Mosque and the National Museum, Conakry is home to two casinos that operate under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Economy, Finance, and Planning. To learn more about gambling in Guinea please see our gambling guide here . Guinea-Bissau is one of the poorest countries in the world. Once held up as a model of potential African development, plans did not go as well as hoped. Infrastructure improvements in the process since the 1980s have been moderately unsatisfactory. There are no casinos in Guinea-Bissau , a country that gained independence from Portugal in 1974. The country has been besieged with civil war, military coups, and assassinations for decades. This is an African country possessing great natural beauty and resources including forests and fjord-like coastlines but one that seems to need more time to gain stability before the gaming industry gives it a second look. The Ivory Coast or Côte d'Ivoire is a located in West Africa on the Gulf of Guinea in the North Atlantic Ocean between Liberia and Ghana. The capital city is inland at Yamoussoukro but the country's sole casino is in the country's major urban center on the coast at Abidjan . The country has experienced conflict with a civil war occurring between 2002 and 2004. It is suggested that U.S. visitors enroll in the Department of State's Smart Traveler Enrollment Program (STEP) to get the latest updates and direct access to the consulate in case of further conflict. In May 2017, Groupe Lucien Barriere Casinos opened the Golden Elephant Casino at Sofitel Hotel Ivoire in Abidjan. The casino has over 17,000 sq ft of gaming space with slots, table games and poker. Locals may play poker and access the slot machines but only foreign passport holders can sit at the tables. To play slots or electronic roulette you will need to purchase a prepaid player card. Table games include blackjack, craps, and roulette. Our complete Ivory Coast gambling guide can be found here. Kenya is located in East Africa with an Indian Ocean coastline and shared borders with Tanzania, Uganda, South Sudan, Ethiopia, and Somalia. Most of the casinos are located in the capital city of Nairobi with the remainder distributed between Malindi and Mombasa on the coast. Casino Flamingo in Nairobi hosts the most gaming machines with 160. The casino also has 15 tables games and a poker room. Poker is a popular game in Kenya and offered in every casino city in the country. The gambling age in Kenya is 18. One of the nicer casino properties in Nairobi is the Regency Casino at LAICO Regency Hotel. They offer table and slot gaming until 4 am daily. The casino is a little under 10,000 sq ft and there are five dining options. For a different sort of adventure try Paradise Casino at Safari Park on Thika Road offering slots, casino classic table games plus Tai Sai (sic-bo) and a poker room. There are some very nice casinos on the coast like the Sentrim Castle Royal Hotel & Casino and Golden Key Casino. Enjoy premiere seafood at The Tamarind, downstairs. To explore all of the casinos and other gambling options in Kenya, please visit our gambling guide . Lesotho is a high-altitude, landlocked kingdom entirely surrounded by South Africa. While Sun International had operated two casinos there in the past, only one remains. AVANI Lesotho Hotel & Casino (formerly Lesotho Sun) is still operated by the major conglomerate after being sold in 2014. The 5-star MINT property offers first class accommodations, fine dining, and several bars and lounges in addition to a casino with 71 slot machines and 14 tables featuring blackjack and roulette. AVANI Maseru Hotel is still in operation on Orphan Road but has no casino. More on gambling in Lesotho can be found in our gambling guide . Liberia is a country located on the West African coast of the Atlantic Ocean with longstanding ties to the U.S. It is the only African republic to gain independence without revolution and is the continent's first and oldest modern republic. Although it has faced troubles since 1980, Liberia has since stabilized and is the home of two casinos in Monrovia, the nation's capital. To learn more about gambling in Liberia and to explore the casinos there, please see our gambling guide here . Libya is a North African country in the Maghreb region which includes neighbors Egypt, Sudan, and Tunisia on the Mediterranean Sea coast. In the days before 1969, when Muammar Gaddafi took power in a revolution, at least one magnificent casino was in operation in Tripoli, the nation's capital. Casino Uaddan operated in the Al Waddan Hotel from 1936 until 1969. The InterContinental Hotels Group now manages the hotel. Madagascar is a large island nation located in the Indian Ocean off the southeast coast of Africa. Due to ages of isolation, it is home to thousands of animal species found nowhere else in the world. There are four casinos on the island and a dedicated poker room about 40 minutes away from the capital, Antananarivo . All of the casinos are located in the capital city. The longest running casino is the 5-star Carlton Casino & Hotel . The casino is officially known as "Grand Cercle de Tana Casino" and features 250 slots, blackjack, roulette, and a poker room as well as restaurants, an urban club, and first class accommodations. The 4 star Colbert Hotel Casino in Antananarivo offers 3,100 square feet of gaming space with 250 slots, a restaurant and hotel with spa, 3 restaurants and 2 bars. The other casinos in Antananarivo are Slot Machines Mellis and Slot Machines Besarety. To explore details of these Madagascar casinos or learn more about gambling on the island nation see our gambling guide here . Malawi is a landlocked country in the southeastern part of Africa known for its game preserves, national parks, and the unspoiled Lake Malawi. Diving is a popular pastime in the lake's clear waters and beach resorts dot the shoreline at Cape Maclear on the Nankumba Peninsula. The Malawi Gaming Board and the National Lotteries Board regulate gambling in Malawi. Two casinos are licensed there; one in the capital city of Lilongwe and one in the Shire Highlands at Blantyre in southern Malawi. To learn more about gambling in Malawi see our gambling guide . Mali is the eighth largest country in Africa. Only about half of the 14 million residents there make more than $1.25 per day. Only about 2% of the population can even afford internet access, while that indicator of personal freedom and self-determination is rising rapidly almost everywhere else in Africa. As a predominantly Muslim country, gambling of any kind is forbidden in Mali.  However, illegal slot machines and even illegal casinos with colorful signs can easily be found, especially in the capital city of Bamako. The country of Mauritania is officially known as the Islamic Republic of Mauritania. It is an Arab-speaking nation with a North Atlantic Ocean coastline. The Sahara Desert covers much of the country. There are no casinos in Mauritania and gambling is strictly prohibited. Mauritius is a small African island nation located in the Indian Ocean about 400 miles east of Madagascar, near Reunion. It is most well known for beaches, lagoons and reefs but there are nine casinos on the island. Gambling transaction occurs in Mauritian Rupees. Currency exchange and multi-lingual customer services in English and French are usually available. Casinos have been strictly regulated since 2007. The gambling age is 21. Casinos are to be found in the capital, Port Louis , Grand Baie, Curepipe, and Ebene. Le Caudan Waterfront Casino in Port Louis offers 16 table games and 214 machines, while Casino de Maurice in Curepipe offers more than 170 slot machine games, table games, card games, and video poker. TI Vegas , at FunWorld Leisure Center in Grand Baie offers poker, slots, electronic roulette, sic-bo and blackjack in a small space. You can find casino cruises out of Ebene as well. To explore all of the betting opportunities on and off the island check out our Mauritius gambling guide . Mayotte is an island chain between Madagascar and Mozambique in the Indian Ocean. It was ceded to France in 1843 and although other islands in the Comoros group voted for independence in the 1970s, Mayotte decided to remain a French collective. The customs and culture remain Muslim but the laws are French. There are no casinos in Mayotte . Morocco is a country in North African country with Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea coastlines. It is bordered by Algeria and Mauritania and is about 10 miles from Spain and 15 miles from Gibraltar across the Straight of Gibraltar to the north. Morocco is one of the only predominantly Muslim countries to allow gambling. Casino de Marrakech in the Es Saadi Hotel was the first to open in 1952. Mazagan Beach & Golf Resort in El Jadida is the biggest casino in Morocco with 46 gaming tables, 10 poker tables, and 467 machines. Gamblers do not pay taxes on their winnings, the casinos do. You must be 18 to gamble in Morocco. Casablanca, Fez, and Rabat are sites well worth visiting when you are not in the opulent casinos of Morocco. Most all of the casinos present paradisaical surroundings even though Casino Le Mirage is obviously landscaped. Es Saadi Gardens & Resort Marrakech offers some of the lushest surroundings. For golfers not traveling to Mazagan Beach El Jadida, the Atlantic Palace Casino Resort in Agadir is sure to satisfy your needs. To learn more about the seven casinos of Morocco please see our gambling guide here . Mozambique is located below the equator in eastern Africa. The country has a long Indian Ocean coastline and the closest major island off its coast is Madagascar. Formerly a Portuguese colony, Mozambique has undertaken a modernization of its casino industry. In 2017 it was decided to group all new casino closer together for a 'cluster effect' with a minimum distance of 100m rather than the previous 5km. Cities were given classifications for casino density and additional casino licenses were authorized, paving the way for increased development in the casino sector. In 2017 there were 5 casinos in Mozambique . Maputo Polana Casino offers over 120 slot machines plus semi-automatic multi-player roulette tables. There are 16 roulette terminals in the casino. The same company runs Matola Slots with 50 machines about 20km away. For true table games try Nautilus Casino in Nampula or the Libombos Hotel & Casino in Namaacha. Casino Marina in Beira offers accommodations, a spa, gym, and meeting space. For updates and a complete rundown of gambling in Mozambique please see our gambling guide here . Namibia is a country in southwest Africa with a desert coastline along the Atlantic Ocean. Two casinos are located in the capital city of Windhoek which is located in the center of the country and one is located in Swakopmund which is coastal. Swakopmund is home to German colonial-era buildings built around the turn of the 20th Century. A moratorium was issued in 1997 stopping the issuance of any further casino licenses until the Gaming and Entertainment Control Bill, authorized in 2014, is updated. Namibia gained independence from South Africa in 1990. The Mermaid Casino is located in Swakopmund offering table games, slots, a modern hotel, cinemas, golf, and desert tours. Desert Jewel Casino in Windhoek features 15,000 sq ft of gaming space with table games and slots, a hotel, golf and more. The AVANI Windhoek Hotel & Casino , downtown, offers a cosmopolitan city casino experience with pools, spas, and adventures into the desert. You can find out more about gambling in Namibia by reading our gambling guide . Niger is a West African almost entirely comprised of Sahara Desert land and named after the Niger River, which runs through it and eventually into the Gulf of Guinea in the Atlantic Ocean. As recently as 2016, Lydia Ludic operated a casino inside the Hotel Gaweye in the capital and largest city in the country, Niamey. However, the casino seems to have closed. To read all about gambling in Niger and keep up with the latest casino news, please see our gambling guide here . Nigeria is a federal republic located in West Africa with a southern coast on the Gulf of Guinea in the North Atlantic Ocean. Nigeria shares borders with  Cameroon, Chad, Niger, and Benin. Lagos is the biggest city while Abuja is the capital. Although one of the biggest economies in Africa, Nigeria is a troubled state with occasional conflicts arising. Casino licenses and properties seem to come and go. One notable exception is the 5-star Federal Palace Hotel & Casino in Lagos. The casino is open 24/7 and offers over 100 slots and 10 gaming tables with blackjack, roulette, and poker. Table hours are 7 pm to 4 am. To learn more about gambling in Nigeria see our gambling guide . The Republic of the Congo commonly referred to as Congo-Brazzaville, and should not be confused with its neighbor, the much larger Democratic Republic of the Congo. About 80% of the world's surviving chimpanzees are found in the country which also has the densest population of gorillas in the world. The coastal city of Pointe-Noire offers casino gambling not far from the Antonio Agostinho Neto International Airport. Read our gambling guide to learn more about the casinos of the Congo . Réunion or Reunion Island (formerly Île Bourbon; Tamil) is a French regional island in the Indian Ocean situated east of Madagascar and southwest of Mauritius. There are three casinos on the island; in the prefecture of Saint-Pierre, the commune of Saint-Denis, and at L’Ermitage les Bains on the extreme west side of the island near Saint Gilles. Réunion is the most prosperous island in the Indian Ocean. As an integral part of the French Republic, the island enjoys the same status as Metropolitan France and is part of the EU. Casino de Saint-Denis offers over 100 slot machines, blackjack, roulette, and an opulently appointed poker room just across the boulevard from the beach. Casino de Saint-Gilles (Casino Zarlor Ermitage Resort) is located about 200 meters from L'Ermitage-Les-Bains (Hermitage Beach) near St. Gilles and offers blackjack, roulette, Ultimate Poker and slot machines along with Hold'em cash games and tournaments in the Le Cercle poker room. In Saint Pierre, you'll find Casino du Sud at Villa Delisle Hotel Spa and Casino. Casino du Sud offers 80 slots and 5 gaming tables. For an in-depth review of any of the casinos of Réunion or to find out more about gambling there please see our gambling guide . Rwanda is located in East Central Africa just south of the equator in the African Great Lakes region. The capital city is Kigali, and this is where you will find the country's first and only casino.  Casino Kigali is situated in the Lemigo Hotel. The casino originally opened in the Top Tower Hotel in 2008 but moved to the Lemigo in 2015. Visitors to Casino Kigali will find 5 gaming tables, 2 eight-station Alfa Street electronic roulette machines and 30 multi-game consoles with a selection of over 100 games. Read more about gambling in Rwanda in our gambling guide here . St Helena, including Tristan da Cunha and Ascension Island, is a British Overseas Territory in the South Atlantic Ocean. Known by some tourism professionals as the "Secret of the Atlantic," the territory is very remote and located over 1,200 miles from the coast of West Africa. St Helena has a sub-tropical climate and diverse wildlife. There are no gambling facilities in St Helena . Sao Tome and Principe is an island close to the equator in Africa. The islands and islets comprising the country are part of a volcanic chain known as the Bight of Bonny Islands. One of the most visited natural wonders of the Isle of Sao Tome is the Lagoa Azul lagoon, or Blue lagoon, named for the hue of its waters. Sao Tome and Principe is the second smallest country in all of Africa, larger only than Seychelles. It is the smallest Portuguese speaking country in the world. Visitors to the capital city of Sao Tome will find slot machines at the small seaside ocean resort; Pestana Sao Tome. Senegal is a country in West Africa with a North Atlantic Ocean coastline. Senegal has a French Colonial heritage in the modern era and many natural attractions. Dakar is the capital and all but one of the casinos are located there. The other casino is located in Saly, about 90 minutes away down the coast. Casino games available in Senegal include blackjack, roulette, video poker, poker, Ultimate Texas Hold'em, and bingo. It is always wise to check with your state department before planning travel in many parts of Africa. Although Senegal, and especially Dakar and Saly are stable, some neighboring countries may not be. One of the most beautiful casinos in Senegal is Terrou Bi Casino and Hotel . The surroundings are breathtaking and the casino and poker areas are opulently appointed.  The first casino you may have an opportunity to visit may be Casino du Cap Vert Airport Hotel . There is a poker room, 5 gaming tables, and 70 slots. At Casino Du Port Dakar you'll find  100 slots, Video Poker, and electronic Bingo machines along with electronic roulette and five traditional tables offering roulette, blackjack, and house-banked poker games. The poker room runs cash games and frequent tournaments. To see all of the casinos of Senegal and learn about more gambling opportunities please see our gambling guide . Seychelles is an archipelago nation comprising about 100 islands off East Africa in the Indian Ocean. The largest island is Mahé, known for its granite peaks and white sand beaches. All of the country's casinos are found on Mahé. The capital, Victoria is home to the Gran Kaz Entertainment Center with about 150 slot machines. Nearby in Bel Ombre , you'll find Berjaya Beau Vallon Bay Resort & Casino offering 25 tables and over 100 slots along with fine dining, accommodations, and beaches. Near the southern end of the island of Mahé, Club Liberté and Casino Paradiso at Kempinski Resort offer visitors gambling, accommodations, and amenities in Baie Lazare.  The Four Seasons Resort where you'll find Club Liberté offers ocean view rooms and beachside dining. For more information on the casinos of Seychelles please visit our gambling guide . Sierra Leone is a West African country with an Atlantic Ocean coastline. It borders Guinea and Liberia. Travel after dark outside the capital is not suggested. The capital, Freetown , is known for white sand beaches, historical landmarks, and mixed culture. There is one casino in Sierre Leone and it is located on the Man of War Bay on the Freetown peninsula. The Casino at Lagoonda Hotel at Aberdeen in Freetown opened on June 3, 2016, and is operated by Games World International (GWI) and is the first casino in the region to use digital gaming technology. To find out more about this Freetown casino or gambling in Sierre Leone please see our gambling guide here . Somalia is an impoverished country located in the Horn of Africa with coastlines on the Arabian Sea including the Gulf of Aden. There is no legal form of gambling in Somalia. There are reports of illegal gambling dens, but westerners should not even consider visiting the country without very good reason. There is no U.S. Embassy presence in Somalia and that should be a good enough indicator of the advisability of traveling anywhere in the country. South Africa a country located on the southern tip of the African continent. Tourism is a key driver of South Africa's national economy. Gambling has been heavily regulated in the country since 1673, but by 1995 over 2,000 illegal casinos were in operation. The National Gambling Act was instituted in 1996 initially authorizing 40 gambling licenses . Up to 50,000 limited payout machines are also authorized for deployment. The major casino players are Sun International, Tsogo Sun Holdings, Peermont Global, London Clubs International, Northern Cape Casino Consultants and Niveus Investments. The first casino to open was Sun City Casino Resort in 1979. All of the major cities have casinos with Cape Town hosting GrandWest Casino & Entertainment World , the country's largest casino. One of the most recent additions is Sun International's Time Square Casino Menlyn Maine in the capital city of Pretoria with 2,000 gaming machines and 60 tables. Emperors Palace Casino in Johannesburg is another large casino with several hotels and multiple entertainment venues. If you would like to read in-depth South African casino profiles or learn more about the gambling opportunities there, please see our gambling guide . South Sudan is a country in northeastern Africa that broke off from Sudan after several civil wars. A referendum held in 2011 saw over 98% of citizens there vote to become an independent state. The capital and largest city are Juba. Although a member of the United Nations and a signatory to the Geneva Conventions, South Sudan is considered to be the most fragile state in the world, surpassing even Somalia. There are no casinos in South Sudan. Sudan is an Islamic state with no legal gambling. Sudan is sometimes known now as North Sudan after the southern part of the country seceded, Historically Sudan has been known as Nubia and the Kingdom of Kush. It is currently the third largest country in Africa. Sudan has a Red Sea shoreline and borders Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, South Sudan, the Central African Republic, Chad, and Libya. Westerners and especially U.S. citizens are cautioned not to travel to Sudan. Swaziland is a small, landlocked country located in southern Africa. The casino industry has been regulated there since 1963 and at least one bricks and mortar casino offers online gaming as well. The monarchy's royal and legislative capital is in Lobamba but the administrative seat of government is Mbabane , the largest city. Here you'll find the upscale Royal Swazi Spa and Casino with luxury rooms and amenities along with attractions like hiking, horse riding, a Spa, golf course and three eateries. The casino offers poker, 152 slots, and 11 gaming tables. Nhlangano Casino Royale is a small casino hotel in Shiselweni offering 45 rooms in a beautiful setting. Reports indicate that this is a rather quiet place with a few tables and about 50 slots. Happy Valley Casino & Hotel Ezulweni presents a busier atmosphere with casino elegance including private gaming rooms. Piggs Peak Hotel and Casino is located in the northern part of Swaziland and has a cinema, wellness center and spa, and a 5,500 sq ft casinos with 8 tables and 47 machines. Learn more about gambling in Swaziland by reading our gambling guide . Tanzania is an East African country located above Mozambique and below Kenya and Uganda, it has a long Indian Ocean coastline on its eastern perimeter. The National Investments Promotions and Protection Act of 1992 kickstarted the casino and hospitality industry in Tanzania after earlier economic reforms were implemented in 1985. There are about 10 casinos in the country, with the majority of them located in the major coastal city of Dar es Salaam . There are also casinos in Arusha , near the border with Kenya and at Mwanza , less than a mile from Lake Victoria in the far north. Le Grande Casino in Dar es Salaam offers 15 table games and over 200 slots and other gaming machines. A buffet is offered nightly. As its name suggests, Sea Cliff Resort & Casino is perched on a cliff overlooking the Indian Ocean. The 6,500 sq ft casino features 16 tables and 140 slot machines, villas, guest rooms, and eateries. In Arusha you'll find the Safari Casino at the magnificent Arusha Hotel. The property is the gateway to the Serengeti National Park and Ngorongoro Crater. The small casino has 4 tables and about three dozen slots. Kings Casino at New Mwanza Hotel is a great place to play and stay if you are visiting Lake Victoria in the northern part of the country. To explore all of the casinos of Tanzania in detail please see our gambling guide. Togo is a West African country on the Gulf of Guinea with a little more than 20 miles of coastline, where the greatest concentration of the nation's roughly seven and a half million people live. Togo is sandwiched between Ghana and Benin and shares a small northern border with Burkina Faso. Although there used to be a casino at Hotel Palm Beach in the capital city of Lome, there doesn't seem to be any casino in operation in Togo as of 2017. Tunisia is a country in North Africa, directly across the Mediterranean Sea from Italy. It shares borders with Algeria and Libya across the Sahara Desert. Like other predominantly Muslim countries such as Egypt and Morocco, Tunisia allows casino gambling, but Tunisia bans sports betting and parimutuel betting on horse races. Pasino Djerba ( Le Grand Casino De Djerba ) is a magnificent venue with 20 gaming tables, 97 machines, an entertainment hall accommodating 1,200 people, and a full range of entertainment options for families including shops, fine dining and more. South of the capital of Tunis you will find casinos in Hammamet and Sousse. La Medina Casino Hammamet features slots, blackjack, English Roulette, Stud Poker and Texas Hold’em Poker. Further south are two more casinos. Casino Europe Sousse offers lots, Vegas style casino games and Punto Banco (Baccarat). Cesar Hotel & Casino Sousse by Gala Hotels offers slots, tables, and a 4-star hotel. Check out our Tunisia gambling guide for more information. Uganda is located in East Africa and is bordered by Rwanda, The Congo, South Sudan, Kenya, and Tanzania. It shares Lake Victoria with Tanzania and Kenya. The capital, Kampala , is near the lake but no casinos are located on its shores. In 2014 there were over 2,000 lotteries, casinos and gaming and pool betting operators. In 2016 the government amended the Lotteries and Gaming Act. There are less than half a dozen casinos in Uganda, most of them in the capital city. In Kampala, one of the newest casinos in Casino Simba , operated by Pasha Global. It is the largest casino in the country with 6,684 sq ft of gaming space, over 130 machines and 22 tables and poker games. Kampala Casino is modern and vibrant even though it is the oldest in the country. The 4,304 sq ft casino offers 57 gaming machines and a large variety of tables like pontoon, blackjack, roulette, and 3-card poker along with live entertainment. To explore all of the casinos of Uganda and learn more about other gambling opportunities in the country please see our gambling guide here . Western Sahara is a territory located in the Maghreb region of North Africa. It is partially occupied by its northern neighbor, Morocco. It shares a small border with Algeria and a long uneven border to the south and east with Mauritania. Although there has been a UN-monitored cease-fire since 1991, travel there is not recommended. The territory has thousands of unexploded land mines. There are no casinos in the immediate area. There are safe casinos in Morocco . Zambia is a landlocked country in southern Africa. The population is mainly centered around the capital city of Lusaka in the south-central part of the country, and in the Copperbelt Province to the northwest. One casino is located in the capital, Lusaka and the other is located about 475km (300 miles) away in the former southern provincial capital of Livingstone .  Zambia is establishing a National Gambling Board. The minimum age to gamble in Zambia is 18. Small slot parlors, internet cafes open and close frequently in Zambia but the two casinos listed were in operation as of the time of this review. The Great Wall Casino is located at the corner of  Kafue Road & Lumumba Road in Lusaka near the Downtown Shopping Complex. They offer more than 70 slot machines, 6 roulette tables, 4 Caribbean Stud tables and two Texas Hold'em poker tables. The New Fairmount Hotel & Casino in Livingstone offers a nightclub, restaurant, and hotel. To learn more about gambling in Zimbabwe please visit our casino guide here . Zimbabwe is a landlocked southern African country with about 20 casinos. They are far-flung from Victoria Falls in the west to Melsetter in the east. The capital city of Harare has four casinos and two racecourses while Mutare has three. Casino winnings are subject to a withholding tax of 15%, the minimum gambling age is 18, and there is no official currency so you may play or paid out in a variety of currency with the USD being most common. The Regency Casino Harare & Rainbow Towers Hotel in the heart of town is the largest casino in Zimbabwe with 160 machines, 12 tables, and a 4.5-star hotel with over 300 guest rooms. Over near the Zambia border on the Zambezi River, you'll find the Makasa Sun Casino at the Victoria Falls Viewpoint center. The 7,800 sq ft casino is serviced by The Kingdom Hotel and offers a handful of table games and about 50 slots. Near Mutare, the Montclair Resort & Casino offers a family-friendly retreat complete with a casino, horseback riding, golf, nature hikes and more. To find out more about all of the casinos in Zimbabwe or to book a room please see our gambling guide . Afghanistan is a war torn Islamic republic in the southern part of Central Asia. The former Soviet Union invaded the country on Dec 25, 1979, and the war officially ended on Feb 15, 1989. After more than ten years of warlord rule and civil war, the U.S. started a covert operation in September 2001 and an air campaign in concert with the UK on 7 October 2001. U.S.  troops and advisors were still in Afghanistan in 2017. Afghanistan has no gambling law, regulations, or casinos. Armenia is a former Soviet republic situated in the Caucasus mountains in an area sometimes known as Asia and sometimes considered to be European. It is currently defined geographically as an Asian country. As of 2017, there were four casinos operating in Armenia, with a fifth planned to open in 2019. The existing casinos are located about 2km from Yerevan city limits in the Pharaon leisure and entertainment complex and in Tsaghkadzor. The fifth casino is slated to open in Yerevan's Dvin Hotel. Please see our gambling guide for more information about gambling in Armenia . Azerbaijan is a former Soviet republic located on the Caspian Sea. The country's interior includes part of the Caucasus Mountain range. Azerbaijan is bordered by Russia, Georgia, Armenia, and Iran. There were at least a dozen casinos operating in Azerbaijan prior to 1998 when then-President Heydar Aliyev issued an edict banning all forms of gambling. Most of the casinos were in and around the capital city of Baku. Some had colorful names, like Mafia Club Casino. Sports betting and lotteries have been allowed since 2013. The country of Georgia in the CIS (former Soviet states) sits on the Black Sea sharing borders with Russia and Turkey as well as Armenia and Azerbaijan. The casinos in Georgia are located in the seaside town of Batumi and further inland in the capital city of Tbilisi . In addition to the waterfront vacation area of Batumi and the historic attractions of Tbilisi, visitors usually travel to Svaneti and Borjomi. Casino Adjara in Tbilisi is the largest casino with over 600 slots and 75 table games and a poker club. The casino has a hotel, spa, and convention center. In Batumi, the grand Golden Palace Batumi presents a welcome destination with poker, blackjack, roulette, slots and upscale accommodations and amenities. The Leogrand Hotel & Casino Batumi is a modern wonder overlooking the Black Sea coast. Explore more of the casinos in the country by visiting our Georgia casinos and gambling guide. India has casinos on land in first class hotels and on riverboats, currently on the Mandovi River. Most of the casinos are in the state of Goa with a few in Sikkim and one in Daman. The Deltin Group is India's largest casino operator with land and water based casinos. Many of the river casinos also have partner hotel and nightlife establishments. Casino Mahjong at Mayfair Spa Resort in Gangtok, Sikkim offers gaming as part of a spa resort getaway with 24/7 gaming and valet parking. Zuri White Sands Casino Resort in Goa offers an Indian Ocean beachfront experience along with a small casino. The Deltin Daman offers over 1,000 gaming machines and 30 tables inside a 5 star hotel with all the amenities. For a riverboat experience, the Pride 2 offers live dealer games along with the electronic versions found on land. India offers a diverse variety of gambling opportunities. You can learn more by visiting our gambling guide . Kazakhstan is a Central Asian country in the CIS (former Soviet States) bordering China and Russia with shorelines on the Aral and Caspian Seas. The capital of Astana receives well-to-do tourists seeking opera and other entertainment. Gambling zones were created to control commerce better and localize economic development. There are currently 6 casinos in operation with 5 in Kapchagay and one in Borovoe . Although Casino Altyn Alma in Kapchagay offers more gaming action than any other casino, Cash Ville Casino & Poker Club , the lone casino in Borovoe, sees plenty of action on Lake Shuchie. Casino Altyn Alma at Altyn Alma City in Kapchagay may contain several satellite casinos. The casino offers VIP service, first class rooms, taxis, and several restaurants offering international fare. To learn more about all of the casinos in the country, please visit our Kazakhstan gambling guide . Kyrgyzstan banned most gambling activities in 2011 and closed the last of its casinos in 2015. However, in early 2016 the government announced plans to create an integrated resort facility with casino gambling available only to foreign passport holders. The complex would be located about 25km from the country’s capital Bishkek. Pakistan is an Islamic republic in western Asia that shares borders with Iran, Afghanistan, and India. Pakistan's northeastern border with China is not clearly demarcated. Pakistan also has nearly 500 miles of coastline on the Arabian Sea. Although outlawed by the Prevention of Gambling Act of 1977  and the Balochistan Prevention of Gambling Act 1978, many Pakistanis are fervent gamblers who take pleasure in placing illegal wagers sports contests and horse races. Sri Lanka is an island nation that sits off the coast of India and attracts visitors to its ancient ruins as well as modern cities like Colombo. All of the casinos are in the capital city which features a rich mix of the colonial and modern architecture. Many of the casinos here are named to inspire visions of Las Vegas. The largest casino is Casino Marina Colombo . Luxurious and modern, separate areas are provided for VIP and mass gaming customers. Bally's Casino Colombo offers over 100 gaming tables and slot machines with live betting available. Bellagio Entertainment Sri Lanka is focused primarily on the casino gambler with over 30 tables and a small handful of slot machines. All three casinos are opulently appointed and offer first class service. If you want to learn more about gambling in Sri Lanka, check out our gambling guide here . Tajikistan is a predominantly Muslim country in Central Asia bordered by Afghanistan, China, Kyrgyzstan, and Uzbekistan. Tourist trade there is mostly centered around mountain climbing and hiking. Near the capital city of Dushanbe visitors will find the Fann Mountains which rise to an elevation of over 15,000 feet above sea level and some 14,000 feet above the city. Gambling in any form is strictly prohibited anywhere in Tajikistan . Turkmenistan is located between Uzbekistan and Iran in Central Asia. Although there may be several unauthorized gambling dens and small underground casinos in clubs, there is only one known commercial casino in the country still in operation, and it is part of a pub and nightclub across from the Grand Turkmen Hotel in Ashgabat. There was formerly a casino in the Grand. The Florida Club is an entertainment center comprised of the Florida Club itself, the British Pub, a restaurant and a small casino. Uzbekistan is a former Soviet republic situated in Central Asia. Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Afghanistan share borders with Uzbekistan. The country suffix, "stan" is an old world Persian and/or Farsi word that roughly translated, means homeland or place of. A predominantly Muslim country, Uzbekistan does not allow gambling and actually tightened up controls after leaving the Soviet Union. Billiards were banned in 2002 because too many were betting on game outcomes. Neighboring Kazakhstan offers several casinos, mostly concentrated around Kapchagay. While most people come to Belize for Caribbean or jungle adventures, there are a few nice hotel and casino properties. So after a day exploring the massive Belize Barrier Reef nightlife awaits those who want to gamble. Aside from cruise ship casinos, you'll find the Ramada Belize City Princess in Belize City on the waterfront with about 300 slot machines, roulette, blackjack, Caribbean stud and annual poker tournaments. In the Corozal Free Zone Area between the Belize/Mexico Border, you'll find the opulently appointed Golden Princess Casino with 500 slots and 20 gaming tables including poker. In Corozal the FreeZone Princess Casino offers all the action. Nearby on the Northern Highway is the Las Vegas Hotel & Casino, open since 2006. Further inland at San Ignacio you'll find another Princess Casino. For a complete list of US casinos by state visit our gambling guide here . Costa Rica has more casinos than any other country in Central America with about 50 scattered over 18 locales. About a dozen are found in the capital city, San Jose , located in the center of the country. More 5-star casino resorts and hotels with small casinos can be found scattered throughout the country. Fiesta Casino Alajuela offers a Las Vegas-like experience and a jumping off point for nearby nightlife. You'll find small, fun beach casinos in Guanacaste . Hotel Tamarindo Diria Beach Resort, and Hotel La Flor de Itabo Resort & Casino in Playas del Coco are also good bets. Casinos are scattered across the Puntarenas province with plenty of tropical nature and beaches to explore. Playa Jaco is the closest beach to San Jose. Jacó is a party town with Hotel Cocal & Casino . In San Jose try Casino Fiesta Herradura , near the airport or Best Western Irazú Hotel & Casino . For a complete list of Costa Rican casinos and available games visit our gambling guide here . El Salvador is a small Central American country that tolerates gambling even though several laws throughout history have banned the practice outright. Lottery games are allowed, but gaming tables and slot machines can also be found, along with poker and bingo. Three true casinos exist with two in the nation's capital of San Salvador and one in San Miguel. Siesta Hotel & Casino is located near important transit hubs in San Salvador with poker, blackjack, roulette, and electronic gaming machines. Casino Crown Colonial San Salvador offers more tables and machines and about 140km to the east near Honduras you'll find Casino Crown Colonial San Miguel with poker, tables and slot machines. To learn more about gambling in El Salvador please see our gambling guide here . Guatemala offers several casinos, most are in Zone 10 of Guatemala City and near or attached to quality hotels. Some are in shopping malls. The major operators are Fantastic Casinos, Crown Colonial, and World of Princess . All of these casinos are safe and secure facilities. It is not suggested to frequent small out of the way slot parlors or other illegal gambling dens. Only lottery games are technically legal in Guatemala, but that has not stopped operators from offering games of chance. In the capital, Casino Crown Colonial Guatemala offers tables and slots. Not to be confused, the Crowne Plaza also offers a small casino. Fantastics are the most widespread with locations throughout Guatemala City and beyond. Guatemala Princess Casino offers about 20,000 sq ft of gaming space inside the Galerias Primma shopping mall. Find out all about casinos in Guatemala by reading our gambling guide here . Honduras sits on the Pacific Ocean in Central America and borders Guatemala, El Salvador, and Nicaragua. There are two casinos in the country as well as some slots parlors operated by Recreativos de Honduras such as Casino 777 in San Pedro Sula, and others in Puerto Cortes, La Ceiba, and Tegucigalpa . Gambling became legal in 1977. The main casinos in Honduras are the Hotel Excelsior and Casino and the iconic Honduras Maya Hotel & Casino Real in Tegucigalpa. Unfortunately, some of the more historical casinos have closed. Of course, there are plenty of illegal gambling dens as laws aren't enforced uniformly in the impoverished country. Tourists should be safe to stay and play at Casino Real in the 3.5-star Hotel Honduras Maya and the 3.5-star Excelsior Casino in the nation's capitol. For more about gambling in Honduras please see our gambling guide here . Nicaragua has more than a dozen casinos with most of them located near the western Pacific coast in the Managua area, or up the coast a couple of hours to Chinandega . There are also two near the east coast (South Caribbean) at Bluefields. The country didn't have a gaming law before 2011, and the law underwent major reforms in 2014. There are still hundreds of slot parlors in Nicaragua and all should be paying taxes now. Whether you travel to Nicaragua for the stunning nature or the bustling nightlife of the city, you'll find plenty of gaming action spread across the country. To play roulette, blackjack, or Caribbean Poker you'll need to visit Managua, Masaya , Chinandega, or Bluefields. Pharaoh's Casino Managua offers the most tables, while Princess Casino Managua offers the most slots. To learn more about gambling in Nicaragua please visit our gambling guide here . Panama has over 40 casinos, nearly as many as Costa Rica, but you'll find more of a Las Vegas experience here. All casinos are located in first-rate hotels with 24-hour service. Nearly half the casinos are in Panama City , the rest are spread out in nearly a dozen other towns. Private casino management was first authorized in 1997 and has contributed to a boom in tourism since. The newest casino is Casino Coclé in Penonome. Visitors will find slots, blackjack variants, roulette, craps, baccarat, Casino Hold'em and more. Most of the larger casinos offer entertainment, fine dining and other amenities you would expect. You'll find casinos at Hilton, Marriott, Sortis , Radisson, Sheraton, Wyndham , and even a Trump hotel featuring the Ocean Sun Casino . Panama uses U.S. currency, taxis are cheap, but the traffic is crazy, room rates are reasonable even at the five star properties. There's plenty of variety in cuisine whether in the city or one of the outlying resorts in David , or about an hour away at the Radisson Colón 2000 Hotel & Casino . For a complete rundown on gambling in Panama please see our Panama gambling guide . While most people come to Belize for Caribbean or jungle adventures, there are a few nice hotel and casino properties. So after a day exploring the massive Belize Barrier Reef nightlife awaits those who want to gamble. Aside from cruise ship casinos, you'll find the Ramada Belize City Princess in Belize City on the waterfront with about 300 slot machines, roulette, blackjack, Caribbean stud and annual poker tournaments. In the Corozal Free Zone Area between the Belize/Mexico Border, you'll find the opulently appointed Golden Princess Casino with 500 slots and 20 gaming tables including poker. In Corozal the FreeZone Princess Casino offers all the action. Nearby on the Northern Highway is the Las Vegas Hotel & Casino, open since 2006. Further inland at San Ignacio you'll find another Princess Casino. For a complete list of US casinos by state visit our gambling guide here . Costa Rica has more casinos than any other country in Central America with about 50 scattered over 18 locales. About a dozen are found in the capital city, San Jose , located in the center of the country. More 5-star casino resorts and hotels with small casinos can be found scattered throughout the country. Fiesta Casino Alajuela offers a Las Vegas-like experience and a jumping off point for nearby nightlife. You'll find small, fun beach casinos in Guanacaste . Hotel Tamarindo Diria Beach Resort, and Hotel La Flor de Itabo Resort & Casino in Playas del Coco are also good bets. Casinos are scattered across the Puntarenas province with plenty of tropical nature and beaches to explore. Playa Jaco is the closest beach to San Jose. Jacó is a party town with Hotel Cocal & Casino . In San Jose try Casino Fiesta Herradura , near the airport or Best Western Irazú Hotel & Casino . For a complete list of Costa Rican casinos and available games visit our gambling guide here . El Salvador is a small Central American country that tolerates gambling even though several laws throughout history have banned the practice outright. Lottery games are allowed, but gaming tables and slot machines can also be found, along with poker and bingo. Three true casinos exist with two in the nation's capital of San Salvador and one in San Miguel. Siesta Hotel & Casino is located near important transit hubs in San Salvador with poker, blackjack, roulette, and electronic gaming machines. Casino Crown Colonial San Salvador offers more tables and machines and about 140km to the east near Honduras you'll find Casino Crown Colonial San Miguel with poker, tables and slot machines. To learn more about gambling in El Salvador please see our gambling guide here . Guatemala offers several casinos, most are in Zone 10 of Guatemala City and near or attached to quality hotels. Some are in shopping malls. The major operators are Fantastic Casinos, Crown Colonial, and World of Princess . All of these casinos are safe and secure facilities. It is not suggested to frequent small out of the way slot parlors or other illegal gambling dens. Only lottery games are technically legal in Guatemala, but that has not stopped operators from offering games of chance. In the capital, Casino Crown Colonial Guatemala offers tables and slots. Not to be confused, the Crowne Plaza also offers a small casino. Fantastics are the most widespread with locations throughout Guatemala City and beyond. Guatemala Princess Casino offers about 20,000 sq ft of gaming space inside the Galerias Primma shopping mall. Find out all about casinos in Guatemala by reading our gambling guide here . Honduras sits on the Pacific Ocean in Central America and borders Guatemala, El Salvador, and Nicaragua. There are two casinos in the country as well as some slots parlors operated by Recreativos de Honduras such as Casino 777 in San Pedro Sula, and others in Puerto Cortes, La Ceiba, and Tegucigalpa . Gambling became legal in 1977. The main casinos in Honduras are the Hotel Excelsior and Casino and the iconic Honduras Maya Hotel & Casino Real in Tegucigalpa. Unfortunately, some of the more historical casinos have closed. Of course, there are plenty of illegal gambling dens as laws aren't enforced uniformly in the impoverished country. Tourists should be safe to stay and play at Casino Real in the 3.5-star Hotel Honduras Maya and the 3.5-star Excelsior Casino in the nation's capitol. For more about gambling in Honduras please see our gambling guide here . Nicaragua has more than a dozen casinos with most of them located near the western Pacific coast in the Managua area, or up the coast a couple of hours to Chinandega . There are also two near the east coast (South Caribbean) at Bluefields. The country didn't have a gaming law before 2011, and the law underwent major reforms in 2014. There are still hundreds of slot parlors in Nicaragua and all should be paying taxes now. Whether you travel to Nicaragua for the stunning nature or the bustling nightlife of the city, you'll find plenty of gaming action spread across the country. To play roulette, blackjack, or Caribbean Poker you'll need to visit Managua, Masaya , Chinandega, or Bluefields. Pharaoh's Casino Managua offers the most tables, while Princess Casino Managua offers the most slots. To learn more about gambling in Nicaragua please visit our gambling guide here . Panama has over 40 casinos, nearly as many as Costa Rica, but you'll find more of a Las Vegas experience here. All casinos are located in first-rate hotels with 24-hour service. Nearly half the casinos are in Panama City , the rest are spread out in nearly a dozen other towns. Private casino management was first authorized in 1997 and has contributed to a boom in tourism since. The newest casino is Casino Coclé in Penonome. Visitors will find slots, blackjack variants, roulette, craps, baccarat, Casino Hold'em and more. Most of the larger casinos offer entertainment, fine dining and other amenities you would expect. You'll find casinos at Hilton, Marriott, Sortis , Radisson, Sheraton, Wyndham , and even a Trump hotel featuring the Ocean Sun Casino . Panama uses U.S. currency, taxis are cheap, but the traffic is crazy, room rates are reasonable even at the five star properties. There's plenty of variety in cuisine whether in the city or one of the outlying resorts in David , or about an hour away at the Radisson Colón 2000 Hotel & Casino . For a complete rundown on gambling in Panama please see our Panama gambling guide . Albania is a landlocked country in the Balkan region of Eastern Europe with Adriatic and Ionian coastlines and bordered by Montenegro, Kosovo, Macedonia, and Greece. The capital city is Tirana , and that is where Regency Casino Tirana is, in the heart of the Taiwan Center complex. There are also more than 50 Admiral Clubs and Astra Clubs between Tirana and another dozen other cities spread throughout the country. A new law passed in 2015 provides for taxation changes and establishes categories for casinos located in 5-star hotels, resort casinos, and electronic games at a distance. All electronic equipment must be connected to the government's new Central Online Monitoring System (COMS) giving the government real-time data about turnover, profits, and participants in the games. Tirana currently has over 20 gambling venues including the Regency Casino, while Durres hosts 6 with Korce and Elbasan each having 3. All other cities and towns with Admiral or Astra Clubs have 1 or 2 facilities. Regency Casino Tirana offers 240 gaming machines available 24 hours a day as well as 20 gaming tables offering blackjack, roulette, and stud poker. VIP rooms are available. To find a casino in a particular city, or to learn more about gambling in Romania please see our gambling guide here . Belarus is an Eastern European country that shares borders with neighbors Russia, Poland, Lithuania, and Ukraine. All of the country's casinos are located in the capital, Minsk . When Russia outlawed casinos in 2009, before establishing and populating gambling zones beginning with the soon to be defunct Azov-City in Rostov Oblast, Russians swarmed to Minsk to gamble. A presidential decree in 2005 dealt with the 25 casinos in operation then, today there is about a dozen still operating. A few of the most popular casinos in Minsk are the Diamond Princess Casino in the central part of town inside Crown Plaza Hotel, a historic building restored to opulence by Princess. The casino has over 100 electronic gaming machines and 12 tables offering blackjack, roulette, and poker games. Belaya Veja Casino Minsk offers 77 Novomatic cabinets and 13 gaming tables. Casino Shangri La and X.O. Club are also very popular with the Casino X.O. Club Minsk entertaining high rollers and others with live entertainment, a poker club, sports betting, a restaurant, 11 tables, and Novomatic slots. You can find out more about gambling in Minsk by reading our Belarus gambling guide . Bosnia and Herzegovina is a Balkan state in Eastern Europe with about a 5-mile access area to the Adriatic Sea that cuts through Croatia's coastline. It is bordered by Croatia, Montenegro, and Serbia. The capital city of Sarajevo is home to largest and only true casino in the country. There are also nearly 20 Admiral Clubs spread over 16 cities and all of them offer poker and slots machines. Legislators have struggled to codify gambling law to include betting shops and the number of unregulated betting points is estimated to be over 3,000. If you find yourself in Sarajevo, the Coloseum Club Gaming and Entertainment Center offers 12 tables with roulette, blackjack, Texas Hold'em, Ultimate Texas Hold'em Poker and Hit draw progressive poker as well as 110 slots and electronic tables. Bulgaria is an Eastern European country with shores along the Black Sea and shared borders with Turkey, Greece, Macedonia, Serbia, and Romania. The country's most recent gambling law went into effect on 30 June 2012 under the supervision of the State Commission on Gambling and the Minister of Finance. There are about 20 casinos in Bulgaria with half a dozen of those located in the capital city of Sophia . The Star Princess and Princess Nymphes Casinos in Svilengrad enjoy traffic from Turkey as well as Greece due to their locations near where the three country's borders intersect. Just off the coast at the 5 star Golden Sands Resort in Varna, sits the International Hotel Casino and Tower Suites . It features a theater, spa, salon, multiple food and beverage venues, Skyfall pool, a poker room, 11 table games and 100 slot machines. Another large casino is the Sofia Princess Casino with 220 machines and 16 tables with accommodations available at the Ramada Sofia City Center Hotel. There are also Princess casinos in Saedinenie, and Plovdiv , in addition to two in Sofia and two in Svilengrad. Please see our Bulgaria gambling guide for more information and gaming opportunities in Bulgaria. Croatia is a Balkan country in Eastern Europe bordered by Bosnia-Herzegovina, Hungary, Serbia, and Slovenia with Adriatic sea shores. There are about a dozen casinos in Croatia. The EU approved Croatia's gaming laws in 2014. The country's capital, Zagreb has two full casinos, a Rebuy Stars Automat Club , and several betting shops. There are also casinos situated along the coast, across the Adriatic Sea from Italy in Dubrovnik, Split, Opatija, and Umag. You must be at least 18 years of age to gamble in Croatia. The  4 star Mulino Lux Casino Hotel in Buje has 20 table games, 260 gaming machines, and a poker room along with a 67 room hotel, golf course, winery, and private beach. The Merit Casino Grand Lav in Split offers seaside accommodations, blackjack and nearly 100 slots and electronic tables. The  Merit Libertas in Dubrovnik is another popular casino near the sea. Casino International and Golden Sun are very popular casinos in Zagreb. Please see our Croatia gambling guide for more information on these and other casinos and gambling opportunities. Cyprus is an island country in the Eastern Mediterranean divided into three distinct zones. The occupied North is where all of the current casinos are found. The United Nations Buffer Zone separates north from south and illegal casinos pop up and are shut down there frequently. The south, officially known as the Republic of Cyprus will become home to the largest integrated resort in Europe when the Hard Rock/Melco consortium opens the Cyprus Integrated Casino Resort in Limassol by 2020, with the first of three satellite casinos opening in 2017. The Cyprus Integrated Casino Resort is licensed for 2,000 gaming machines and 200 tables over 65,000 sq ft of casino floor. The license also requires a five-star hotel with at least 500 rooms. In the northern Turkish-controlled part of the country, there are about 30 casinos between 5 cities. Ten of them are on or near the northern shore Kyrenia (Girne). The Rocks Hotel & Casino there offers refined lodging and a private beach in addition to a 38,000 sq ft casino with poker. The Grand Pasha Casino comes in at a lower price point for lodging while still offering a memorable casino experience. For an in-depth overview of casinos in Cyprus with detailed reviews please visit our Cyprus gambling guide . The Czech Republic is a member of the European Union bordered by Austria, Germany, Poland, and Slovakia. The capital is Prague and that is where you will find many of the country's more than 50 casinos. Casinos are also present in more than 20 other cities, mostly along the border. One notable exception is the city of Brno which lies to the interior and has two casinos. Although there is no law barring underage persons from entering a casino, you must be at least 18 to gamble. The country's largest casino is in Znojmo, the Admiral Casino Colosseum . Admiral runs two other casinos in the city and there is an American Chance Casino on Route 59 with 24 tables and over 150 slot machines. In Prague, most notably you'll find the impressive Casino V.I.P. Club: Casino Panorama at the Panorama Hotel, Casino Happy Day on the south side, and Casino Admiral Bohemia downtown, with gaming rooms overlooking the city. Plzen has quite a few casinos including  Casino Admiral Plzen in the Tesco shopping center with tables, slots, and poker seats, and several Rebuy Stars scattered throughout the city that is famous worldwide for Pilsner beer and known as a European Capital of Culture. To learn more about the history and future of gambling in the Czech Republic please see our gambling guide . Estonia's legal casino industry didn't amount to much while it was part of the U.S.S.R. After the fall of the Soviet Union, it began to grow rapidly after the first laws were passed for lotteries and gambling in 1994 and 1995. The capital city of Tallinn had 91 gambling venues in 2008 but that number fell to 31 in 2010. The economic crisis and a new law passed in 2008 are said to be to blame for the decline. Today there are 35 venues in Tallin and 20 more scattered over 10 more cities. Nearly all the casinos and betting shops are operated by Olympic , Grand Prix, or Fenikss, with a few other smaller operators. Olympic Park Casino in Tallinn is the biggest and one of the newest casinos in Estonia, offering poker, 14 table games, and 99 slots as well as a 4-star Hilton hotel with spa. About 200km west, near the Russian border, is Casino Grand Prix - Narva featuring 40 gaming machines and a poker room. Sitting on one of Estonia's 1,500 islands is Casino Grand Prix Kuressaare with slot machines, poker, a bar, and lounge.  The legal age for playing at casinos in Estonia is 21. To read more about gambling in Estonia, from regulation to available games, please see our gambling guide . Greece has a long history of gambling dating back to dice games and cock fights in antiquity. Today's visitor will find sandy beaches, ancient ruins, and modern casinos open year round. The casinos are vast and reminiscent of Las Vegas or Atlantic City also in that many are part of resort hotels offering recreation and entertainment beyond the casino. The two largest casinos in Greece are Regency Casino Mont Parnes and Club Hotel Casino Loutraki . The gambling age in Greece is 23. Greece has fewer than 10 casinos situated in various parts of the country from the island of Rhodes in the southeast to the northern city of Kaval on the Aegean Sea. Also in the north, Porto Carras Casino & Grand Resort in Halkidiki is a popular family vacation destination for 5-star accommodations and amenities. In the middle of the country is Regency Casino Thessaloniki which bills itself as a complete entertainment destination. The casino offers 744 high-tech slots 28 regular and 27 electronic roulette, 26 gaming tables. Please see our gambling guide to read more about gambling in Greece and find reviews on all of the casinos. Hungary is an Eastern European country bordered by Slovakia, Ukraine, Romania, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia. Gambling legislation passed in 2014 allows for 11 casinos to operate in the country. As of 2017, there were nine. The largest operator is the local  Las Vegas Casino Group with 5 casinos in the capital city of Budapest . The government began cracking down on illegal street slots in 2012 funneling a lot more money into the legitimate casinos. The gambling age in Hungary is 18. The Las Vegas Casino Corvin Sétány is the biggest casino in the country with 9 dealer-attended tables offering roulette, blackjack, punto banco, and Ultimate Texas Hold'em; 7 electronic roulette machines, and 240 slot cabinets from Novomatic , EGT, Amatic, Merkur, Ainsworth, and Apex Pinnacle. Outside of Budapest, there are casinos spread from Sopron on the Austrian border to the west to Nyíregyháza and Debrecen in the east. All five of the casinos in Budapest belong to the Las Vegas group. To learn more about gambling in Hungary or to keep up with the latest developments please see our gambling guide . Kosovo is an independent country that broke away from Serbia in 2008. Kosovo has its own government and laws including laws on games of chance, codified in 2001 as UNMIK Regulation, No. 2001/19. While there have been casinos in the capital city of Pristina or Prishtina, none seem to be operating as of mid-2017. There may be small game salons in Kosovo , but Swiss Casino and Kings Casino appear to have ceased operations. Latvia is a Baltic country in Eastern Europe. It sits on the Baltic Sea with many beachfront casinos and its neighbors include Belarus, Estonia, Lithuania, and Russia to the north, west, and south. Nearly 40 casinos, slot halls, betting shops, and bingo parlors are found in the capital city of Riga . Several of the Riga casinos provide live dealer streaming for online casinos the world over. Many more casinos are found scattered all over the country's interior with many situated along the Daugava River from Daugavpils to the sea. Much like all other European countries, the casinos in Latvia are rather small with the largest, Olympic Voodoo Casino in Riga offering 24,500 sq ft of gaming space, 95 machines, 16 gaming tables, and a poker room open 24 hours. Some of the hotels in Riga, including the 4-star Radisson Blu here, offer the perfect hideaway for the moments you aren't exploring the ancient and beautiful city. If you'd like to learn more about all of the gambling opportunities in the country, please visit our Latvia gambling guide . Lithuania is an Eastern European country and the largest of the Baltic states. There are about 20 casinos in Lithuania along with dozens of betting shops and slot halls. Gambling is strictly taxed and regulated. Olympic Entertainment of neighboring Estonia has recently become a major player in Lithuania through mergers and acquisitions. Other providers include Tete a Tete, Tornado (Casino Admiral), and Nese. The gambling age is 21 and 18 for bingo and lotteries. Many of the country's casinos are located in the largest city and capital, Vilnius , near the Belarus border. Olympic Casino Lietuva offers hotel accommodations, 14 table games, a poker room, and 82 gaming machines. All of Casino Admiral's 6 Tornado branded venues are modern and well maintained, offering house-banked and heads-up poker in addition to slots and other table games. To enjoy a well-run casino with opulent surroundings and accommodations, Nese Casino Vilnius inside the Nese Pramogu Bankas Guest House would be a good bet. If you are planning a trip to Lithuania and need a casino or booking information or simply want to know more, please visit our gambling guide here . Macedonia is located on the Balkan Peninsula and shares borders with Albania, Bulgaria, Greece, and Kosovo. The capital city is Skopje but the majority of casinos are found in Gevgelija , just across the Vardar River from Greece. The country's land-based gambling laws were overhauled and last codified in 2013. The minimum age to gamble in Macedonia is 18, in accord with the EU guidelines. Casinos Austria is the major player in Macedonia operating casinos as well as the National Videolottery. It is their sole VLT operation. Novomatic's Casino FlaminGo in Gevgelija is the largest gaming venue in the country with 27 table games, 4 poker tables, 935 gaming machines. Le Grand Casino - Hotel Epinal in Bitola also draws a lot of Greek gamblers with its location on A3 less than 10 miles from the border. In the northern part of the country, Le Grand Casino - Holiday Inn Hotel in Skopje offers visitors from Kosovo and the surrounding countryside suitable accommodations. There is also two restaurants, a nightclub and cocktail lounge, plus a chance to try their luck on any of 8 gaming tables or a handful of machines. To read in depth reviews of these or other casinos in Macedonia or find other gambling opportunities there, please see our gambling guide . Moldova is a landlocked Eastern Europe country bordered by Romania to the west and otherwise surrounded by Ukraine. The capital city is Chisinau . Moldova passed sweeping gambling reforms in late 2016 placing regulatory authority with the Moldova National Lottery. The legal gambling age was set at 21 and advertising was banned. The state holds a monopoly on all gambling except casinos. Minimum equipment requirements stipulate that rural casinos offer at least 10 slot machines and 4 tables, one of those must be roulette. Urban casinos must have 20 slots and ten tables with one being roulette. All five of Moldova's casinos are located in  Chisinau. The most well-known venue historically is Napoleon Palace Casino at Cosmos Hotel . Also within a 4-star hotel in the city's center is the Casino at Hotel Jumbo which enjoys a faithful clientele as well as travelers. The city center also hosts XO Casino Club Chisinau for the well-heeled gambler who enjoys house cigars, cognac, and champagne in a discreet setting. Another newer high-class gambling venue is at the Radisson Blu, and that is Nuovo Casino. Explore all of the casinos of Moldova by reading our gambling guide . Montenegro is a country in the Balkan with modern cities and medieval villages. Beaches along the Adriatic coastline are a big draw for tourists in the region. There are casinos in Montenegro, some located seaside and some are inland, so visitors have their choice. The country established a casino gaming law in 2006 and began regulation of online gaming in 2011. Both jurisdictions are under the control of the Game of Chance Administration. To explore the casinos of Montenegro please see our gambling guide here . Poland is a parliamentary republic in Central Europe bordered by the Russian province of Kaliningrad on the Baltic Coast, Lithuania, Belarus, Ukraine, Slovakia, Czechia, and Germany as well as about 482km (300 miles) of Baltic Sea shoreline. Major cities include the capital city of Warsaw and Kraków, Wroclaw , Poznan, Gdansk, and Szczecin. Casinos are located along the major highways E40 and E30 as well as on or near the Baltic in Sopot and Szczecin . The largest casino is located in the capital city at the Marriott Hotel & Casino Warsaw . The property has an 8,000 sq ft casino with 27 table games, 70 slots, a poker room, restaurants and bars, hotel, spa, and convention center. Casinos Poland is the dominant force especially after Olympic Entertainment Group pulled out in late 2016 shuttering their casino at the Warsaw Hilton.  Beyond the modern, a luxurious casino and hotel can be found on the Baltic Coast at the seaside of the Gdansk Bay in Sopot. The palatial Grand Hotel there was originally built in 1924 and has been completely refurbished. The casino is rather small with only ten tables, 25 slots, and a poker room, but everyone from Fidel Castro and Charles de Gaulle, to Vladimir Putin, and Adolf Hitler have stayed there, among many other famous persons. To learn more about the casinos of Poland please visit our gambling guide here . Romania is an Eastern Europe country with a Black Sea shore, sharing borders with Bulgaria, Serbia, Hungary, Ukraine, and Moldova. The most recent gambling legislation resulted in Law 124/2015 covering all manner of betting in the country. There are nine casinos in Romania. All except Timisoara Metropolis Casino are located in the country's capital of Bucharest . of interest to some are the 'ghost casinos' of Romania. Constan?a Casino on the Black Sea opened in 1910 and Sinaia Casino opened in 1913 by Baron of Marçay, of the Monte Carlo Casino. The Casino at JW Marriott Bucharest Grand Hotel offers more gaming positions than any other casino in Romania with 14 table games, 4 poker tables, and 159 gaming machines. Casino Bucharest at Hotel Intercontinental is open 6pm to 6am daily and the venue is central to many attractions such as the Romanian Athenaeum. Visitors will also find dozens of slot halls, betting shops, and other gambling outlets throughout the city. To learn more about gambling in Romania please see our gambling guide. Russia is situated partially in Western Europe with more than 75% of its land mass in Asia, but most populations centers are in Europe. There were once thousands of small casinos in operation, but they were outlawed in 2009 with the creation of special gambling zones.  The first newly sanctioned casinos opened in Azov-City . This area will close as the Sochi zone develops. Tigre de Cristal was the first to open in the Primorye zone near Vladivostok in 2015. At least 6 more full scale integrated resorts are expected to open there before 2023. Other zones under development include Yantarnaya where casino operations began in 2016 with Magic Crystal Casino . As many as 15 more are expected to open here.  Siberian Coin ( Altay ) saw its first casino open in 2014, but more infrastructure is needed before the area sees much more development. A 41-acre area in Crimea was added as a zone in 2016, but it is unclear if the illegal annex will be developed. Check out all of the casinos currently under development or operating in our Russia gambling guide . Serbia is a country located on the Balkan peninsula in Southeast Europe. Formerly part of the disintegrated Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Serbia's capital city is still Belgrade. Gambling had been legal under the Yugoslavian law since 1964 and the government passed a "games of chance" law in 2011. Hundreds of unlicensed casinos were shut down after the Games of Chance Administration began licensing and regulating casinos. In 2017 there are only three legal casinos in the country and all of them are located in Belgrade. Please see our gambling guide for more information about gambling in Serbia. Slovenia is a European country famous for its mountains, ski resorts, and lakes. The more than two dozen casinos in the country are also a big draw for tourists, especially those from Italy. Just four years after independence Slovenia enacted the Slovenian Gaming Act of 1995 which regulates land based casinos. Gambling venues are spread throughout the country but the greatest concentrations can be found near the Italian border at Gorici, and on the Adriatic Sea coast from Portorož to Sežana . The Hit Group offers one of the best, and the biggest casino in the country at the Perla Gaming and Entertainment Centre . It is located on the Italian border in Nova Gorica with 946 state-of-the-art slot machines and 90 gaming tables plus a large poker room, making it one the biggest casinos in all of Europe. The Grand Casino Portorož is the oldest casino in the country, built in 1913. It's just across the street from the Adriatic Sea and offers 5-star accommodations and amenities at the Remisens Premium Hotel Metropol. Slovenia has a rich and vibrant casino scene. To learn more please visit our gambling guide here . Ukraine is a sovereign state in Eastern Europe that shares borders with several other countries including Belarus, Hungary, Moldova, Poland, Romania, Russia, and Slovakia. It also has a Black Sea coast in the middle of which is Odessa where several casinos formerly flourished, as well as a coastline along the Sea of Azov which is navigable from the Black Sea. Casino gambling was outlawed in the Ukraine in 2009 but there is a thriving illegal market of slots and gaming tables and a gray market of "instant lottery devices" which don't quite fit the definition of a slot machine. Corruption is rampant with illegal casino owners and the authorities they pay off to stay in business raking in untold Hryvnia, the country's official currency. Poker clubs are still legal. In Kiev you will find Gambling Club Kiev open 24 hours a day. Lotteries are legal and mostly run by Russians, but they have been facing sanctions and an increasingly difficult tax regime since early 2016. Bahrain is a nation in the Persian Gulf made up of more than 30 islands mostly situated between Suadi Arabia and the Qatar Peninsula. It was one of the first countries in the region to discover and exploit its oil reserves. The government is controlled by a king whose family members occupy important military and political posts. There is no legal gambling in Bahrain . Egypt links NE Africa with the Middle East. Casino law was codified in 1973 and allows for casinos in 4 and 5-star hotels. There are more than a dozen casinos in Egypt, most of them in the capital, Cairo . Names like Caesars , Crockfords , and London Club are found there. The gambling currency is USD and euros. Locals are not allowed to gamble and the legal age is 18, some operators insist on 21. Some casinos offer free drink service. You'll be on your own for any comps. The coastal casino, Maritim Jolie Ville Resort & Casino on the southern tip of Egypt at Sharm El Sheikh, offers the most gaming opportunities with 15 tables, about 100 slots, and poker. The nearby Aladin Casino at Domina Coral Bay has four separate hotels and 5-star amenities along with American Roulette, French Roulette, electronic roulette, blackjack, baccarat, Caribbean Poker, Russian Poker, and Texas Hold'em Poker. Up the Gulf near the Israeli border is Taba Casino at the Hilton with nearly as many tables as slots. In Cairo, you can't go wrong with any of the big names in casinos or hotels, and all of the properties have big names. To learn more about gambling in Egypt please visit our gambling guide here . Iran may have had several casinos prior to the Islamic Revolution of 1978. If so, most of their details have been lost to history. One exception is the former Grand Casino on Kish Island. The last Shaw of Iran turned the island into a luxury resort destination in the 1970s replete with an airport that could accept Concord jet landings. After the revolution, Kish Island became a duty-free shopping zone and the hotel that housed the casino was renamed as the Shayan International Hotel. Iraq is a war ravaged Middle Eastern country in the western part of Eastern Asia. Iraq is landlocked except for a small corridor between Kuwait and Iran which connects the country to the Persian Gulf. Iraq also shares borders with Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, and Syria. Prior to the 1991 Gulf War, several casinos catered to the oil rich populace. The most notable gaming venue was the Ishtar Sheraton Hotel & Casino on Firdos Square in Baghdad. Israel is a Middle Eastern country with Mediterranean and Red Sea coastlines. Casinos are not currently legal in Israel, although there are perennial efforts to authorize at least one in Eilat, near Jordan. The Oasis Casino in Jericho, Palestinian Territory, was closed in 2000 after opening in 1998. The hotel remains open. The last of the Israeli casino ships were raided and closed in 2004. To gamble in a casino near Israel visitors will need to go to Egypt or Lebanon . Jordan is a Middle Eastern country adjacent to Israel that is considered to be part of Western Asia. Although it is said to be one of the safest countries in the region, that distinction doesn't do gamblers any good as there are no casinos in Jordan. The only allowed forms of gambling in the country are welfare and charity lotteries. Kuwait is an Arabic-speaking country located on the Persian Gulf and sharing borders with Iraq and Saudi Arabia. About 4 million people live there with a few more than 30,000 in the capital city of Kuwait City. All forms of gambling are strictly forbidden in this Muslim country, but underground and mobile casinos do exist. Horse racing is said to be conducted by the Kuwait Hunting & Equestrian Club but no overt betting is known to take place. Lebanon is a sovereign state in the Middle East or more specifically, Western Asia near Africa. The country has a long Mediterranean Sea coastline and shares borders with Syria and Israel. There is one casino in Lebanon and it is located about 22km from Beirut in Maameltein . Casino du Liban first opened in 1959 but was mostly destroyed in 1989 and after a $50 million refurbishment reopened in 1996. In addition to fine dining, nightlife, and entertainment offerings, visitors will find  a poker room, 56 gaming tables, and over 400 slots. To explore Casino du Liban in-depth or learn more about gambling in Lebanon please see our gambling guide here . Oman is located on the Arabian Peninsula with Persian Gulf, Arabian Sea, and Gulf of Oman coastlines. Adjacent neighboring countries include Yemen, the UAE, and Saudi Arabia. There is no legal gambling in this predominantly Muslim country. The Palestinian Territory , Palestinian Autonomy, or more simply, Palestine is an occupied territory comprising three physically separate entities, the West Bank, East Jerusalem, and the Gaza Strip next to Israel in the Middle East on the continent of Asia. Casinos Austria ran the Oasis Hotel Casino Resort in Jericho until ceasing operations in October 2000. Prior to closure it was said to be one of the most successful casinos in the world at the time and offered 120 gaming tables along with 300 slot machines. Qatar is a Muslim country located in Western Asia. It occupies the entire Qatar Peninsula which juts into the Persian Gulf and borders only Saudi Arabia. Nearby neighbors include the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain to the east and west and Iran across the Gulf. There is no legal gambling in Qatar or anywhere else in the region. Saudi Arabia is an oil-rich country covering most of the Arabian Peninsula in the Middle East. The desert country is located on the western portion of the Asian continent with coastlines on the Persian Gulf and the Red Sea. As the birthplace of Islam, the legal system is quite strict in regard to gambling. It is also the birthplace of Arabian horses, the progenitors of today's thoroughbred racing horses. Although betting is banned at places like the King Abdulaziz Racetrack in Riyadh, it does occur quietly. Syria is a war torn country in Western Asia with virtually no infrastructure or safe places to do business. In addition to a Mediterranean Sea coastline, neighboring countries include Lebanon, Turkey, Iraq, Jordan, and Israel. Beyond the chaos of war, gambling has been illegal in Syria since the 1970s when pressure from clerics caused the closure of three casinos operated by Tawfiq Houboubati. This was followed by an edict by the prime minister outlawing all casinos in Syria. On New Years Eve 2010/2011, Houboubati's son opened the Ocean Club at the former site of one of his father's casinos. The Syrian Civil War, resulting from peaceful protests and a military crackdown following the Arab Spring revolutions of 2011, have ended organized casino gambling in Syria for the foreseeable future. There are no legal casinos in Turkey, but the well-heeled, adventurous traveler may still find a few "private clubs" in Istanbul. However, the Jockey Club of Turkey counts over 5,000 active racing horses and in 2015 plans were in the works to build 23 new horse tracks in addition to the 9 existing then.   To view a list of current horse racing and betting venues in Turkey please see Horse Racing Tracks in Turkey. The United Arab Emirates is a Western Asian monarchy consisting of seven emirates or states. It is situated on the Arabian Peninsula on the Persian Gulf and shares borders with Oman and Saudi Arabia. The emirates comprising the UAE are Abu Dhabi, Ajman, Dubai, Fujairah, Ras Al Khaimah, Sharjah, and Umm Al Quwain. Casino gambling and any form of gaming is is strictly forbidden. For more information about United Arab Emirates, please see our UAE gambling guide . Yemen is an Arabic-speaking country with a mostly tribal society located in Western Asia on the Arabian Peninsula. Bordered by Saudi Arabia and Oman, Yemen also has Gulf of Aden and the Red Sea coastlines. Once home to a sizable Jewish population, the country is now 95% Muslim and as such, any form of gambling is strictly forbidden there. Anguilla is a small island nation located in the Eastern Caribbean. The country comprises the main island and smaller islets off its shores. It sits very near Saint-Martin Island and features many isolated coves and long beaches, some broken up by volcanic outcroppings. There are no casinos on Anguilla but residents and visitors don't have far to go if they want to visit the southern portion of the neighboring island and play at casinos operating in the Dutch country of Sint Maarten adjacent to and on the same island as the French Saint Martin. Antigua and Barbuda is an independent Commonwealth comprised of two main islands and several smaller ones with the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea shorelines off the coast of South America. Casino gambling is legal and there are two located in St. John, the capital. There is also a massive development planned for Crabbs. H ard Rock Hotel & Casino Antigua (Singulari) is expected to be the casino component of an Asian-funded integrated resort on Antigua’s Guiana Island at Crabbs. The resort is scheduled for completion by 2025, but the casino should open much sooner. For now, a visitor can stay and play at the Royal Antiguan Casino & Resort featuring a casino, various food and beverage outlets, beach access, and a 4-star hotel. The other option is King's Casino located at Heritage Quay. Here there are over 300 slot machines, gaming tables and bingo. For more information on gambling in Antigua and Barbuda please see our gambling guide . Aruba is a small Dutch island in the Caribbean just off the coast of Venezuela and about 3 hours from Miami by air. The climate is dry and the weather is sunny. Enjoy European architecture, white sandy beaches and gentle surf. All of the major resorts in Aruba have casinos and most stay open from noon until just before the sun comes up Some are open 24 hours. The largest casino is Stellaris Casino at Aruba Marriott Resort in Palm Beach. The Excelsior Casino at Holiday Inn Beach Resort is sometimes referred to as the first casino, but that was actually Aruba Caribbean Casino which closed in 1970. Excelsior is perhaps the place Caribbean Stud Poker was invented though. Other prominent casinos scattered along the leeward coast include Crystal Casino at Renaissance Aruba Resort and Seaport Casino at the Renaissance Aruba Resort in Oranjestad. Crystal is open 24/7 and Seaport is open 10am to 4am daily. To learn more about gambling in Aruba and read reviews of all the casinos there, please visit our gambling guide here . The Bahamas is a country in the Caribbean with legal gambling. Grand Bahama, Bimini, and Paradise Island are home to casinos and large scale hotels. Nassau is less than an hour flight from Miami, Fl. in the U.S. The coral gardens attract a large number of scuba divers and snorkelers. On Bimini you'll find Resorts World Bimini operated by Genting. The small but opulent casino there accepts large wagers and offers two luxury hotels. The longest running large casino hotel complex is Atlantis Resort at Paradise Island . The family-friendly property is popular for all vacationers not just gamblers. The other huge development there is Baha Mar which is opening in stages after years of struggles. Expect as many as 150 gaming tables and 1,500 slot machines at Baha Mar. To learn details about gambling in The Bahamas or to read detailed casino profiles see our gambling guide here Barbados is a sovereign island country in the Lesser Antilles, located in the Caribbean region of North America surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea. Although casino gambling per se is not allowed in Barbados, there are three types of betting that are allowed. Gambling was first codified in 1891, updated in 1917, and finally modified in 1984 which allowed slot machines, lottery, and horse racing under one law. There has been a bookmaker in Bridgetown since 1995. D' Fast Lime Arcade in Christ Church formerly referred to themselves as a casino but have changed their name. Now you will find 25 gaming machines there, much like many of the other arcades and slot parlors. Bridgetown has the most gambling opportunities. You may even be able to find a cruise ship out of Bridgetown with roulette, blackjack, craps, and other casino games. Horse racing in Barbados takes place three seasons per year at the Garrison Savannah . To learn more about gambling in Barbados please see our gambling guide here Bermuda is a British territory north of the Caribbean in the North Atlantic Ocean. It is known for its blue waters and pink sand beaches. Bermuda is a highly visited tourist destination with well over 600,000 people arriving on the 20 square mile island yearly. Over 85% of those visitors arrive from the United States. In November 2016, the country passed the Casino Gaming Amendment Act 2016 with no objections, paving the way for casino resorts to be built. The Bermuda Casino Gaming Commission was created the previous year to oversee and regulate the industry. In April 2017, the commission began the casino application process. Up to four integrated casino resorts can be licensed. Visit our Bermuda gambling guide for more information on gambling in Bermuda and to keep up with news as it happens. Bonaire is a southern Caribbean island that is a municipality in the Netherlands. It lies off Venezuela’s coast and is the "B" in the ABC islands (Aruba, Bonaire, Curaçao) of the Lesser Antilles. People come to Bonaire to experience abundant marine life, beaches, lagoons, and caverns in addition to water sports and resort adventures. There are two casinos located in Bonaire. Both are located in the administrative center of Kralendijk . The Coral Casino Bonaire is located in the lobby of Plaza Resort and offers slots, Blackjack, American Roulette, Three Card Poker, and Texas Hold'em. The other casino, Divi Flamingo Beach Resort and Casino , offers five gaming tables and 60 machines to go along with its all-inclusive resort stays. The casino is open until 4am most days. To learn more about gaming in Bonaire see our gambling guide here . The British Virgin Islands (BVI) is officially known simply as, the Virgin Islands, but the country is often referred to as the BVI to avoid confusion with the U.S. Virgin Islands to the south and the Spanish Virgin Islands to the east. The BVI is a British Overseas Territory comprised of some 50 islands and islets of which only about 15 are inhabited. There are no casinos located in the BVI as gambling of any kind other than charitable lotteries is strictly outlawed. The nearest casinos to the British Virgin Islands are located in Puerto Rico . The Cayman Islands is a country located in the western Caribbean Sea near Jamaica and situated between South America and Cuba. Three islands comprise the country, best known as a tax haven, these are Grand Cayman, Cayman Brac, and Little Cayman. There are no casinos on the Cayman Islands , but beach resorts are plentiful on Grand Cayman. Deep-sea fishing excursions are chartered out of Cayman Brac, and Little Cayman offers unspoiled natural beauty and a couple of small beach resorts offering access to lagoons and uncrowded diving areas. Less than 200 people live on the smallest island. Cuba was once known for its mob ruled casinos. There has been no legal gambling on the island, located only 103 miles off the Florida coast, since the revolution in 1959. Fidel Castro outlawed all gambling including lotteries when he took power. Before 1959 visitors could find casinos, cockfighting, jai alai, and horse race betting. Now there are illegal gambling dens and an underground lottery called "la bolita" that runs off numbers from other countries. There were some rumblings about development after diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States began to thaw under the Obama administration but we wouldn't hold our breath waiting for the next Macau to arise in Havanna. To find close by casinos try our Bahamas or Dominican Republic gambling guides. Curaçao is part of the ABC Islands of the Lesser Antilles in the Caribbean Sea just north of Venezuela. Many online casinos have their servers in the country and almost all of the land casinos there are located in Willemstad , the administrative center. Curaçao appeals to tourists seeking beaches, diving, nightlife, and a Caribbean resort experience. However, gaming is so prevalent there is even a casino in the Airport Hotel . Carnaval Casino is a very popular venue with 25 table games and 400 slot machines and plenty of dining options. Emerald Casino is considered by some to be the most opulent casino there. Another popular spot is the Diamond Beach Casino in Jan Thiel. The casino is located in the Papagayo Beach Resort offering tables and slots along with top-shelf dining and accommodations. To see a list of all the casinos in Curaçao please visit our gambling guide here . Many travelers choose the island nation of Dominica as their favorite Caribbean destination; hot springs, waterfalls, rain forests, cliff diving, and diverse diving sites draw a certain breed of adventurers. Located among the Windward Islands in the Lesser Antilles archipelago in the Caribbean Sea, Dominica sits between Guadeloupe and Martinique, far from the much larger country of the Dominican Republic to the West and East. Gambling finally made its way to the island in 2012 with the opening of the Mapau Dominica Entertainment Centres in Portsmouth and Roseau . Follow the progress of gambling in Dominica by reading our gambling guide here . The Dominican Republic has more casinos than any other Caribbean nation with more than 30 located in about a dozen different cities. Santo Domingo alone has more than 10, but if you are looking for the biggest casino in the country it's the Hard Rock Casino Punta Cana with a sprawling 45,000 sq ft gaming floor. Prepare to pull the plastic here as rooms are not on the cheap side. There are high limit rooms and nightly cash poker games. The Dominican Republic offers everything from beachside casinos like Paradisus Punta Cana Resort Casino or El Millón Casino at Hotel Riu Bachata 5 to city center venues like the Renaissance Santo Domingo Jaragua Hotel & Casino in Santo Domingo. When not in the casino, enjoy DR's other attractions like the beaches or a round of golf. To learn more about gambling in the Dominican Republic visit our gambling guide here . Grenada is a Caribbean island nation in the Lesser Antilles a little more than 100 miles off the coast of Venezuela. In 2016 both houses of Parliament approved a bill establishing a casino commission and in January 2017, the gaming commission members were appointed. Over the years there have been plans for major casino resorts on Grenada or one of the smaller Grenadine Islands, but as of mid-2017, no major announcements have been made public. Our Grenada gambling guide contains updates as casinos open as well as links to casino news from the area. Guadeloupe is a French overseas territory in the southern Caribbean Sea consisting of several islands. A river separates the two largest islands. The currency is the euro and any EU citizen is free to travel, settle, and work in Guadeloupe indefinitely. There are two casinos in Guadeloupe; both accept cash wagers for smaller bets. The Casino de Saint-François is the smaller of the two and offers 4 gaming tables and 91 electronic gaming machines. The high roller casino is the Casino de Gosier which offers a buffet. Here you will need to exchange currency for chips for any bets over 100 euro. To learn more about the casinos of Guadeloupe please visit our gambling guide here . Haiti is one of the Greater Antilles islands with Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea coasts. While there have been casinos in Port-au-Prince and Pétion Ville in the past, economic, geological, and environmental strife have seen all but two closed as of 2017. There are over 10.70 million people in Haiti. To see gambling opportunities in neighboring Dominican Republic please see our gambling guide . Jamaica offers several slot parlors, gaming clubs, and arcades to play slots and other electronic games. You can even find a few electronic table games and of course, Caribbean Stud. 2017 has been seen as the year the big casinos would open. For now, visitors will find gaming opportunities in Kingston , Montego Bay , Negril, Ochos Rios, and Lucea. There is also horse racing in Kingston and Portmore . While waiting for the big integrated resorts like Celebration Jamaica and Harmony Cove to be built, enjoy a night out at the Monte Carlo Gaming Lounge in Kingston or the Holiday Inn Resort Casino at Montego bay, or in of the many other places to play. For a complete list of casinos in Jamaica please see our gambling guide . Martinique is a Caribbean island and part of the Lesser Antilles. Administered by France, the culture is a blend of French and West Indian influences. There is a single casino in Martinique located at Rue des alizés in Schœlcher. It is also served by the nearby Hotel La Batelière which sits among palms on the azure blue Caribbean, while the casino is located inland. The Casino Bateliere Plazza offers 8 gaming tables, poker, and 150 slot machines along with a restaurant and bar. To learn more about gambling opportunities in Martinique please visit our gambling guide here . Montserrat is one of the Leeward Islands which are part of the chain known as the Lesser Antilles in the Caribbean. Montserrat is a British Overseas Territory and has a land mass of about 70 square miles. A volcano erupted there in 1995 and by 1997 there were less than 1,200 people left on the island, but the population had picked back up to around 5,000 by 2016. There are no casinos in Montserrat. Volcanic flow in 2010 buried the airport. Nearby Antigua offers visitors several casinos to choose from. The Netherlands Antilles is a former country comprised of several islands. It was part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands before the country was dissolved in 2010. Online casinos were licensed in one of the former constituents, Curaçao . The Netherlands Antilles is no longer a gambling jurisdiction. Puerto Rico formerly had a good variety of casinos in upscale hotels. Between all of the illegal slot machines and an economy devastated by debt and Zika virus concerns, many have closed. Most people simply go to the Bahamas or the Dominican Republic now but good gaming can still be found in Puerto Rico, and there are bargains there. Casino del Mar at La Concha Resort offers a little bit of everything in San Juan. U.S. visitors do not need a passport to visit Puerto Rico. The Oasis Casino at Embassy Suites San Juan is well situated in the Isla Verde district and still offers exceptional services and accommodations. For pure gaming with penny slots and tables beginning at $5.00 try El Tropical Casino Bayamon , and there's a Hyatt right there. On the other side of the country try the Hilton Ponce Golf and Casino Resort . For a complete list of casinos in Puerto Rico by city please visit our gambling guide here . Saint Barthélemy, commonly known as St. Barts, is a French-speaking Caribbean and West Indies island and a territorial collectivity of the nation of France. It is one of the ultimate exclusive Caribbean islands catering to wealthy, powerful, and famous visitors who prefer to surround themselves with others of their own status. St. Barts is subject to French law so land casinos could conceivably be developed there. However, to date, the powers that be in the capital city of Gustavia have not seriously entertained the idea of a gambling industry on the island. That is not to say anything of what goes on behind closed doors. To gamble in a regulated casino, visitors and residents can boat or fly about 20 miles to the Dutch Sint Maarten , which offers several gaming venues. Saint Kitts and Nevis is a nation comprised of two islands surrounded by the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean. Many come to Saint Kitts and Nevis for the blue waters, sandy beaches, and to enjoy the morning fog before it burns off for the day. All manner of watersports including diving is found here as are lazy beaches. There are two casinos in St. Kitts and one horse track in Nevis . The MaPau St. Kitts Casino & Entertainment Centre is located on Basseterre Bay. The casino features electronic blackjack and roulette along with more than 100 slot machines and an indoor/outdoor restaurant and bar. The Royal Beach Casino is located at Kittian Village near the Royal St. Kitts Golf Course and features a 389 room hotel, several restaurants, and a casino with 19 gaming tables and 300 electronic machines. To learn more about gambling in Saint Kitts and Nevis, please visit our gambling guide here . Saint Lucia is a mountainous island nation in the Eastern Caribbean with volcanic beaches, reef diving areas, high-end resorts, and fishing villages. Since 2011, the former French colony has also been home to casino gambling. Treasure Bay Casino has added to the luxury vacation experiences of many repeat visitors and attracted new tourists to the island. Treasure Bay Casino offers over 250 slot machines, 3 poker tables, several blackjack tables, plus roulette, craps, more. After a day of snorkeling, sunbathing, and sightseeing in the unique rain forest the casino offers a good alternative to the island bar scene some nights. To learn more about the casino visit our St. Lucia gambling guide here . Saint Martin is located in the Caribbean Sea and is one of the Leeward Islands. There are actually two countries on the 34 square mile island. The French collectivity, called Saint-Martin takes up about 60% of the land mass on the north side of the island and Sint Maarten, part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, takes up the rest of the island. There are no casinos on the northern part of the island but the border is easy to cross and the Dutch section offers several choices. Most of the casinos and resorts on the Dutch side are on the waterfront. To explore the casinos of Dutch Sint Maarten please see our gambling guide . St. Vincent and the Grenadines is a nation in the southern Caribbean comprised of the main island, St. Vincent, and a chain of smaller islands. The two other nearest island nations are St. Lucia to the north and Grenada to the south. St. Vincent & the Grenadines has legal gambling but currently no casinos. A failed Trump golf resort with a stand-alone casino closed shortly after changing hands in 2010. Sint Maarten is part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands located in the south Caribbean that shares an island with the French collectivity of Saint Martin. Some of the geological attractions include lagoons and beaches. There are nearly a dozen casinos in Sint Maarten scattered among the municipalities of Maho Bay, Philipsburg , Simpson Bay, and Cole Bay or Cupecoy. The Port De Plaisance Resort and Casino in Cole Bay is the largest casino in Sint Maarten with over 500 gaming machines and 23 table games. The Sonesta Great Bay Beach All Inclusive Resort & Casino offers a little bit of everything for the single, couple, family, or business visitor with easy to plan packages that include fine dining. To learn more about all of the casinos in Sint Maarten  please visit our gambling guide . Trinidad and Tobago is a dual-island Caribbean nation near Venezuela with legal gambling. The long fought-over Gambling (Gaming and Betting) Control Bill, 2016 will codify and regulate gambling in the country including taxation. Casino gambling is currently allowed in casinos, and member's clubs and horse racing occurs at Santa Rosa Park in Arima. Like most Caribbean nations Trinidad and Tobago offer spectacular scenery and water sports opportunities along with tropical nightlife. The Silver Dollar Clubs in Trinidad and Tobago have closed leaving the Royal Princess Members Club in Movietowne at Invaders Bay Port of Spain and Chaguanas Princess Casino with Blackjack, Roulette, Baccarat, and three poker tables along with about 40 gaming machines. The Mapau Members Club has also closed, but a new Club 1 private club has opened. To learn more about gaming in Trinidad and Tobago please see our gambling guide here . Turks and Caicos Islands is another Caribbean country with casino offerings. Officially a British Overseas Territory, the archipelago of 40 low-lying coral islands attracts beach-goers and divers. The capital is Cockburn Town, the language is English and the US Dollar is the currency. A single slot operator on the islands services 25 locations. In addition to small slot parlors and arcades visitors will find two true casinos there. Casablanca Casino is located in Grace Bay and offers an 8,500 sq ft casino with slots and gaming tables. In The Bight Settlement of Providenciales visitors will find the Caicos Royale Casino in the Turtle Cove Marina. For a complete list of Turks and Caicos casinos visit our gambling guide here . St. Croix, St. John, and St. Thomas comprise the U.S. Virgin Islands. On St. Croix and St. John you will find casinos with two located in Christiansted and one at Cruz Bay . The Casino at Hotel Caravelle is the newest casino in the area offering slots and free valet parking. There are also two upcoming casinos on the drawing board with the Seven Hills Golf Resort & Casino and St. Croix Golf Resort and Casino . The most well-known and well-visited casino in the U.S. Virgin Islands is the all inclusive Divi Carina Bay Resort & Casino . The casino features 17 tables and 360 gaming machines. There are two poker tables offered on demand. On St. John, beach front in Wharfside Village, sits The Parrot Club with video slots, Black Jack, Keno, Poker and Roulette. To learn more about gaming in the U.S. Virgin Islands please visit our gambling guide here . Online Casinos There are currently no gambling sites operated within Bangladesh, and the country is not equipped with any kind of system that grants licenses to operators. The only real option available to players in this country is to access international sites to play. There are many foreign online casinos accepting players from Bangladesh . According to this country’s 393 statutes of its Bhutan penal code , gambling in any form is considered illegal. Unfortunately, those participating in illegal play may receive a month to a year’s worth of jail time. No online casinos are operated within the country’s borders, limiting player options to international sites , which may also result in consequences. While one can gather that online gambling in this territory is technically legal, there is little information regarding any other details. It is not clear the number of operators accepting players from this region, or whether any operate domestically within the territory’s borders. View our online gambling guide to the British Indian Ocean Territory . Online gambling in Brunei is not addressed in detail under the country’s laws, though it is considered illegal under the Common Gaming Houses Act. While there is little information regarding the prosecution of players accessing offshore sites, there have been instances of players consequences, and the seizing of computers. Nonetheless, we’ve provided a list of Brunei-friendly casinos here . As far as anyone can tell, online gambling is illegal for Cambodian players, and there are no licensed sites currently in operation. Nonetheless, laws are left a bit vague, but it does seem that the government has taken significant steps to make sure that citizens are not illegally engaging in online play, with reports of some players being arrested for doing so. Additionally, police have made no bones about shutting down unlicensed casino operations. See how the situation in Cambodia compares to other countries here . In China, licenses are not granted for operating online gambling sites. Under the country’s laws, gambling via foreign-operated sites is also illegal. The government has also taken steps to block any sites allowing Chinese residents to register. However, this does not stop citizens from finding a way to play, as there loads of offshore sites that allow play from China , with some even offering an interface in both traditional and modern Chinese languages, and accepting Chinese payment methods. Online gambling is not permitted in Hong Kong, just as it is illegal throughout mainland China. However, citizens have resorted to engaging in online play via foreign operators, making it more difficult for Hong Kong government officials to properly regulate. Additionally, many offshore sites accept players from the Southeastern territory. To make matters harder for citizens, the government does block several deposit methods, making it hard to transfer funds. View a complete gambling guide here . Due to its being the highest Muslim-populated country in the world, it’s no surprise that Indonesia has made all forms of gambling illegal. However, residents still find a way to play. Though there are no online options operated within the country, players may engage in bingo, poker, and casino games via foreign betting sites. Several of these sites accept players from Indonesia, but there is little information regarding whether or not players are actively prosecuted for international play. Get more information with our online gambling guide, here . Online gambling in Japan is limited to lottery and sports betting. Additionally, the government does not grant licenses to online operators and citizens are not recommended to play on international sites , either. Though foreign play is not technically illegal, and players are not prosecuted for accessing. Overall, the act of gambling is illegal throughout Laos, but is permitted in select economic zones, with a total of three casinos in operation. Online gambling is a separate entity, and is considered illegal in the country. Residents, however, engage in offshore betting, with little risk of penalties from the government. Check out our full online gambling section for Laos . The current state of online gambling in Macau is grim. The country does not grant online gambling operators licenses, and the government does not address anything in its regulations regarding the topic. Because Macau is a Special Administrative Region in China, its laws for online gaming hinge on Beijing. There are virtually no online options to players, except for a couple of sports betting sites. Citizens do resort to foreign online gambling options, as they are not clearly banned from doing so. Refer to the full online Macau guide here . Unfortunately, citizens of Malaysia are prohibited from engaging in online casino gambling. Additionally, the government prevents the granting of licenses so that gambling sites may not be operated with thine country’s boundaries. Citizens are also prevented from engaging in online gambling via offshore betting sites , and those found guilty of accepting Malaysian players are prosecuted. Furthermore, the country’s banks may not authorize transfers to or from online gaming sites. Gambling of all forms is completely illegal in Maldives. This is mostly due to the fact that the country’s religion is predominantly Islamic, and the Quran forbids gambling because of its addictive qualities. However, while online gambling is illegal, but those who choose to access foreign-operated sites, do not face much risk of being prosecuted. For more information on gambling in this area, view our complete online Maldives gambling guide. Online gambling is currently unregulated in Mongolia. Additionally, there are no laws in place which make it illegal to engage in online betting. Several international casinos accept Mongolian players. Take a look at our list of online casinos accepting players from this country here . Overall, gambling is illegal in Myanmar, with no exception made for online gaming. The only legal forms of play are the lottery and online lottery. A number of offshore online casinos accept players from Myanmar , and many citizens engage in illegal play this way. It has been reported that little action has been taken by the government to prosecute those engaging in illegal online play. Check out how this country’s gambling laws compare to others in East Asia . Online casinos are not in operation in Nepal. The country’s communist government is adamantly against gambling overall. However, the government can take little action regarding online play at casinos operated outside its jurisdiction. With online gambling growing quite popular throughout the country, citizens are looking for alternative ways to engage. Get more details in our online Nepal gambling section . While land-based gambling is a complicated topic in North Korea, with only tourists permitted to play, and on a highly regulated basis, the state of online gambling is a bit vaguer. Currently, it is not clear whether or not citizens are permitted to gamble online. An online lottery site is available, called, DPRKLotto.com, and is the first in operation in North Korea. View our detailed onlone North Korea section here . Simply put, online gambling is legal in the Philippines . In fact, it serves as the only country in Asia, which licenses online casinos. Online gaming is legal in both the main region of the country and the Cagayan Freeport. However, the Cagayan Freeport only supports play on licensed sites by foreign players. The country is home to more than 70 licensed gambling operators, with licenses covering everything from traditional casino games, to sports betting, lottery, and bingo. Online gambling, in the remainder of the country, is operated by PAGCOR, which does not support play from home. Online casinos are not legal in this country. The government’s laws do not outline any guidelines for issuing licenses. However, there is some debate as to whether or not it is legal for citizens of Singapore to engage in offshore betting, with many arguing that it is, and citizens take full advantage of this loophole. Hundreds of foreign operators accept Singaporean players. As of 2016, the government made it legal for two operators within Singapore borders to offer online betting services. Visit our exclusive section on online gambling in Singapore . The topic of online gambling is not addressed within South Korea’s laws. The country has, however, passed regulations which seek to prevent excessive gambling. Online casinos are also not permitted to operate within the country’s borders, and law enforcement officials are strict in shutting down any illegal operations. Citizens have resorted to foreign gaming, and it has been reported that little consequence has been applied to those. Check out our exclusive online South Korea section . While there is little mention of online gaming in Thailand, it is safe to assume that it is illegal, as land-based gambling is illegal. However, Thai residents may choose to bet online via international sites, and will face little risk of prosecution. Though, there are technically laws in place that state individuals face consequences for being caught in the act. Browse our gambling guide to Thailand . Online gambling is considered illegal for Vietnam players, and they are not allowed to participate in online gaming of any form. In fact, the use of foreign gambling sites is also prohibited. Additionally, harsh measures are taken against those caught engaging in online play at offshore betting sites, with some reported to have even received prison sentences. For more information, visit our online Vietnam guide . Although closely associated with Finland, the Åland Islands have their own laws and they do offer online casino regulation. Ålands Penningautomatförening or Paf is licensed and controlled by the local Åland government. The organization distributes profits to good causes and non-profit organization on the islands through grants and loans. If you are fortunate enough to find yourself in the Pyrenees mountains nation-state of Andorra you are not likely to be thinking about online gambling. But if you are, there are plenty of offshore casinos who will take your bets. Andorra has been working on an online regulatory scheme for a few years now, with specific ideas about online poker licensing. As of late 2017 nothing has come to pass, so check out our Andorra online gambling page to see who will take your wagers for now. Online gambling in Austria is heavily regulated. The Federal Ministry of Finance (Bundesministerium für Finanzen) oversees all games of chance subject to the Law on Games of Chance (Glücksspielgesetz-GSpG). The government subjects all offshore based gaming to national law, which means it is in violation of the state monopoly on gaming. Austrian licensed online gaming companies can only accept Austrian players. However, the government does not block offshore websites. If you'd like to learn more about online casinos accepting players see our Austria online gambling page. In order to offer online gambling services in Belgium , a company must also possess a license for a brick and mortar gambling facility. Some operators have found a way around that requirement by forming partnerships with existing casinos. The Belgian government regularly updates their blacklist of non-compliant operators and instructs internet service providers there to block the domains. Prior to January 2012, well-known brand, Danske Spil, was the only company equipped with a betting license in Denmark . Additionally, all offshore gambling was prohibited. However, with the government having a difficult time regulating those abusing the law, they decided to loosen up on restrictions. Danske Spil now serves as two companies: Danske Lotteri Spil, and Danske Licens Spil. One covers the online gambling division, while the other covers the lottery sector. Danes are currently permitted to play a variety of online games, including online poker. While the government has loosened the reins a bit, it is still strict in its approach to advertising and granting licenses. The Faroe Islands government has often simply adapted the laws of Denmark, but it has not taken on Denmark's online gambling laws nor have they crafted their own. So while online gambling may not be specifically legal, neither is it illegal. Online gambling simply remains unregulated in the small nation state of some 50,000 inhabitants. Popular casinos like Mr. Green Casino accept players from the Faroe Islands. See our online pages for more casinos to play from the Faroe Islands . Finland’s government currently runs under a monopoly when it comes to gaming. There are three organizations which form the monopoly: Ray, Veikkaus Oy, and Fintoto Oy. Additionally, Finland’s Aland Province, which is made up of about 6,500 islands, operates under a separate system, known as PAF. Both RAY and PAF are often in competition with one another, both operating simultaneously and serving as providers of online gambling. While the government frowns upon offshore betting, there are no laws in place to prevent it. Check out our Finland guide here . The gambling culture of France is a complicated topic. While the country is rich in gambling history, with the popular game of roulette having originated here, its government places many restrictions on the casino industry as a whole. As its online market progresses at a slow crawl, the country’s regulatory system, the Regulatory Authority for Online Games (ARJEL), which stems from the Gambling Act, ultimately controls the state of online gambling in France. It offers a published list of approved online gambling operators and actively takes measures to keep citizens from engaging in online play with unapproved operators, located overseas, which accept French players . As of 2008, the Interstate Treaty on Gambling (IGT), banned both online casino and sports betting. However, the treaty was amended in 2012, making it so that up to 20 licenses could be granted for sports betting operators. Also in 2012, the state of Schleswig-Holstein, created its own set of gambling regulations, resulting in dozens of licenses being awarded to a combination of online casinos, poker rooms, and sportsbooks. Per the treaty, the country’s government also has the authority to request that internet providers not allow play from its citizens, as well as prevent German banks from engaging in transactions related to online gambling. Learn more with our Germany gambling guide . Gibraltar serves as one of the most renowned gambling jurisdictions in the world and has been a provider of licenses since 1998. Because many gambling operators have chosen to base their operations in Gibraltar, the jurisdiction serves as the largest employer in the region. It is part of the UK’s ‘ white list ’ and can offer services to UK residents. In fact, Gibraltar is considered somewhat of an online gambling hub , though there are strict requirements laid out for obtaining its licenses. When speaking of online gambling in Guernsey, it is important to note that Guernsey and Alderney have separate legislation from Jersey, another of the Channel Islands with a gambling commission. Alderney is one of the constitutive islands of the Bailiwick of Guernsey and it has its own government, legislature, and laws. Yet, it has adopted and operates under the same banking, insurance, and investment laws as Guernsey. In short both Guernsey and Alderney issue gaming licenses, but the government of Guernsey only permits specific land based businesses while Alderney is a well known online jurisdiction. Gamblers in Iceland don't have very many options. There are charity lotteries and low paying slot machines in bars and pubs. The operators of those machines also give their profits to charity. You won't find any online casinos licensed in Iceland either. So, even though considered to be illegal, many Icelanders turn to trusted offshore casinos in order to play. Ireland has authorized and taxed online gambling since the Betting (Amendment) Act, 2015 superseded the Gaming and Lotteries Act of 1956 and Betting Act, 1931. The most recent legislation also improved upon the Horses and Greyhound Racing Act of 2001 so that now there is one unified law controlling all online and land based gambling in Ireland. Only one in fifty Irish residents gamble online regularly according to some estimates, but the market is growing. Paddy Power was granted a remote license in 2015. Check out our online Ireland gambling page to see offshore casinos offering their services there. Over the years, several forms of betting have been made legal, including poker, video poker, and cash games. In 2010, the country opened up opportunities for offshore online gambling, as long as providers had proof of a valid gambling license. However, a number of requirements must be met in order for a company to apply for the license. Such requirements include a need for the operator to have a minimum turnover of €1.5m in the two years prior to applying, and it must be stationed in Europe. Read up on our Italy guide here . The Jersey Gambling Commission issued their first online gambling license in early 2015. The largest of the Channel Islands, Jersey is located between England and France. Neighboring Isle of Man, Alderney, and Guernsey also issue remote gaming licenses. Check out our online guide for Jersey to see offshore companies that accept players from Jersey . Although Liechtenstein passed legislation in 2016 that allows online operators to set up in and seek a license from one of the smallest yet richest countries in the world, as of late 2017 there haven't been any licenses issued. For now Liechtensteiners and other residents still rely on offshore gambling sites that accept their custom. See our Liechtenstein online gambling pages for more information. Online gambling was made legal in Luxembourg in 2007. Players are permitted to engage in online instant win games, provided by the country’s Loterie Nationale. Luxembourg’s laws do not address any other form of online games, meaning that there is nothing to forbid citizens from engaging. The government, however, does not provide licenses, meaning that most online offerings are based outside of the country’s borders. There are some that come out of Luxembourg, though, such as Gaming VC Holdings S.A. Get the full Luxembourg guide here . Malta serves as the first jurisdiction within Europe to introduce regulations for online gambling. Today, it actually serves as one of the largest hubs for online gambling, with many operators looking to obtain a Malta license. Malta is on the UK Gambling Commission’s ‘white-list,’ meaning that all operators with a Maltese license can promote service to UK residents. Once a license has been granted, operators must follow strict conditions or risk having their license revoked. Check out our list of Malta-friendly casinos here . The state of online gambling on Monaco is very much a gray area. While it is actually illegal for citizens to engage in land-based gambling, yet completely legal for casino employees and foreign visitors, the online gambling scene is a bit vaguer. Initial plans to ban citizens from gambling via foreign operators were rejected. Therefore, players are basically permitted to engage in online play as they wish, with little in the way to prevent them from doing so. Check out our Monaco gambling section . Currently, online gambling is legal for Dutch players, as long as it is a Netherlands-operated site. A state monopoly runs the gambling situation in the country and is well-known as Holland Casino, an entity that has not yet been able to receive an online gambling license. The government controls a total of 14 Holland Casino locations throughout the nation. Non-Dutch operators have also moved into the market, making it possible for Dutch players to engage in illegal online play. For further details, browse Netherlands for the full guide. Norway wants its citizens to use one of the two government monopolies to bet online. Sports betting and horse racing is handled by Norsk Tipping and Norsk Ristoko, respectively. In 2010 the government implemented a payment processor law modeled after the UIGEA in the United States. However, Norwegians can still find ways to deposit and withdraw at offshore casinos. See the following page for a list of casinos that have indicated they will take bets from and pay winnings to gamblers in Norway . Portugal launched their online gambling market in early 2016 under the gambling regulator Serviço de Regulação e Inspeção de Jogos (SRIJ). The first year result shows sports betting is the most popular form of online gaming. Online casinos and poker rooms are increasing in popularity with the first casinos coming online in March 2017, much to the chagrin of land operators. Portugal joined Italy, France, and Spain in sharing online poker markets in 2017. See our list of casino accepting players from Portugal here . The government of San Marino regulates a single land-based casino in the tiny nation surrounded by Italy. There are no known laws on the books permitting or prohibiting online gambling. To see a list of casinos accepting players from San Marino please see our San Marino online gambling pages here . Slovakia wants all online casinos and gambling sites serving the public there to be approved by the government. In July 2017, they issued their first blacklist of those not willing or able to cough up the 27% tax levied on operators. The government went to court to block the domains of violators and is pressuring payment processors to stop facilitating payments. Some offshore casinos may still be servicing the online gambling market in Slovakia . A Spanish Gambling Act was introduced in 2011, which officially put in motion a regulation of online gambling in Spain, a pastime that until this point, had been unofficially legal for decades. The act was created to regulate national gaming operations across the country’s seventeen communities and makes clear what is and is not legal in relation to online gambling. In order to provide betting services to Spanish citizens, operators are required to have a license from Spain’s National Gambling Commission. Read up on more details in our section on Spain . If you find yourself stationed in one of these locations, you might ask your commanding officer if it's okay to visit an online casino or try your hand at poker. There are no actual online gambling laws in place here. The Arctic outposts are under Norwegian law, so you could conceivably play at an unregulated casino or poker site while located in Svalbard or Jan Mayen. As long as a provider is equipped with a special gambling license, Swedish players are permitted to engage in all forms of online gambling. The government does not stop them from gambling at unlicensed, offshore establishments. However, from 1934 until 2019, only Svenska Spel had been awarded a license. Therefore, the country operated under a monopoly, with its reason being to prevent citizens from engaging in play with illegal operators. The Gambling Act (2018:1138) is now in effect. Under the law, it remains illegal to promote unlicensed gambling products. Check out our section on Sweden for complete details. Online gambling, as well as the operation of online casinos, are illegal in Switzerland. However, the country has been unsuccessful at effectively enforcing the ban on online gambling. While plans for online gambling regulations have been said to be in the works for years, no official moves have been made to do so. Online gambling continues to remain prohibited. Swiss players have found ways to play via offshore gaming sites, despite the country’s laws. If you’re interested in more information regarding gambling in this country, check out our page on Switzerland . The United Kingdom offers a breath of fresh air when it comes to gambling regulations. In fact, most forms of gambling across the country, including land based and internet play , are legal. The industry is well regulated, and the government’s Department of Culture dictates to the Gambling Commission via terms outlined in the Gambling Act of 2005. According to the Act, the Gambling Commission has the authority to issue licenses to gambling operators, as well as the power to revoke licenses or carry enforce fines as necessary. Residents must be 18 or older to engage in online betting legally. Gambling does not seem to be a trending topic of discussions about Vatican City. All 900 people there are presumably focused on something else. There do not appear to be any particular laws against online gambling in the world's smallest fully functioning nation-state. If you move any more than a half mile in any direction, you will find yourself in Italy. To see a list of online casinos accepting players from Italy click here . The laws for online gambling is complicated in Canada. Legalization is determined by province where online casinos are owned and operated. Providing that the government has approved these internet sites, it is legal to place bets online, otherwise, it is considered illegal. If an operating is offshore and accepts Canadians it could mean the laws of Canada do not apply. There are plenty of online casinos that permit Canadian players including Lincoln Casino and Jackpot Capital . Be sure to read our advice on ' Selecting an Online Casino: It’s Not as Easy as it Looks'. Online casinos generally offer odds and payback percentages that are comparable to land-based casinos. If you’re a Canadian looking to play online, CanadianCasinos has a lot of knowledge about Canadian online casinos and bring you fair and trustworthy information about the online gaming scene in Canada . Canada has several lotteries and World Casino Directory has the results daily: You can check the Canadian lottery results here . Following the Danish Gambling Act, online gambling is legal in Greenland however it is not regulated in this region. Gambling is monitored on a local level and all operators are required to have a license locally or in Denmark. Currently, land-based casinos are not available mainly because card and dice games are illegal. Favorite casino choices for natives of Greenland include Videoslots.com, Golden Riviera Casino and Euro Palace. Online gambling is considered legal in Mexico. Licenses may be granted to operators in the country, and a select few have been given out by The Gambling and Raffles Bureau of the Mexican Ministry of the Interior. Players may also engage in online betting at foreign-operated sites, and the country’s laws do not regulate international sites. Take a look at our detailed online gambling guide to Mexico. Unfortunately, there is little information regarding gambling on this island. While it may be legal, it does not appear that there are any gambling facilities currently in operation, and no online sites in existence within the island’s borders, either. Perhaps locals may resort to offshore play, but there is no information regarding whether or not this is grounds for prosecution. Check out our online gambling guide to Saint Pierre and Miquelon. The Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act (UIGEA) of 2006 technically forbids financial institutions to fund gambling accounts, but not the player. However, the United States is slowly progressing in the online gambling market. The federal government is now allowing each state to independently determine the legalization of online gambling for residents. Currently, there is a handful of states including New Jersey , Delaware and Nevada with more to follow. There are US friendly online casinos that warmly welcome players from this region. Take a look at our list here . There are 24 gambling jurisdictions across Argentina that needless to say leads to a gray area of online gambling legalities. Several of these jurisdictions are composed of their own set of rules and regulations that vastly differ from one to the other. Residents in this region are restricted from places any wagers on websites that are not licensed in Argentina. However, it is a law that has been difficult to enforce. Players are not taxed on winnings but do tax operators inside the borders and is a huge source of revenue for the country. The Argentine peso is available at most gambling portals accepting players that reside here with a substantial range of banking methods for deposit and withdrawal transactions. Recommended casinos include: Bodog , Casino La Vida and CasinoLoco . While the Bolivian government has stepped up and pulled in the reins for strict gambling laws there has been little reform on online casinos. Currently, there are no casino sites operating in Bolivia. However, there are no restrictions for natives of this country to bet at sites outside of their borders. Unfortunately. Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin was banned by the government making it only impossible to use. All transactions must be by a financial institution issued by the government. For more information browse Bolivia for a complete guide. Brazil is among one of the few countries in South America that have exceedingly strict laws against gambling. Realizing the revenue and how the country could benefit, lawmakers are currently trying to move forward on the legalization and regulation of online betting. If it passes, it will change the law against gambling first implemented in 1946. Despite the law, online gambling is a booming business in this region. Though it is unregulated and there is currently no operators in Brazil, players are welcomed at foreign sites. Brazilian friendly sites cater to residents in their native tongue of Portuguese. Check out our exclusive Brazil section . Online gambling in Chile is prohibited and does not permit casinos to operate within its borders. The law is one that is not strictly enforced and is a market that thrives among the playing community. A proposal to pass and regulate internet gambling is trying to be pushed but has not as of yet been successful. If and when it becomes legalized, the government will tax and regulate the market. Chilean players are accepted at a number of sites with languages available in both Spanish and English for their convenience. For a complete list of Chile friendly casinos see our complete list here . The Columbian government has not made a legal stance one way or another on online gambling. To date players in this region have basically had the freedom to place bets at international websites without facing any legal repercussions. Due to the leniency of the law, there is even a large-scale online gambling event that takes place yearly in Bogota. It is a promising sign that in the future legalization will come around in Columbia. See how it compares to other countries in South America</a. To date, online gambling in Ecuador remains unregulated. Though land-based casinos are illegal in this region, there is nothing in the law that prohibits internet gambling. Operators cannot receive a license within the country; however, there are not measures taken for players to bet at international websites. Locals have an extensive list of sites to play at that are available in Spanish. Banking methods to fit players needs are also provided. Royal Panda , All Slots and Casino Extreme are among the many to choose from. Though gambling is not technically illegal in the Falkland Islands, the territory is not home to any land-based facilities or gaming halls. Instead, the territory, which comprises a small population of about 3000, focuses primarily on tourism and maintaining its natural beauty. When it comes to online casinos, operators licensed in the UK may deliver services to Falkland Islanders. Residents may also partake in offshore betting. Check out our complete Falkland Islanders gambling guide . While land-based gambling is both legal and regulated in Guyana (though play is limited to tourists and hotel guests), the same is not the case when it comes to online casino gaming. In fact, online gambling in the country is not currently regulated. The only way for residents to play is by visiting foreign online casino operators , many of which accept players from this country. See how it compares to other South American countries . The Paraguayan government has not addressed laws regarding online gambling. As a result, players have not had a fear of prosecution when participating at internet casinos. It is important to note that any online operator found running a business within Paraguay has extremely strict laws and are punishable by law. The current gambling age is 18 and there are no taxes payable from winnings. The government receives revenue through taxes and fees that have been imposed. For more information browse our Paraguay gambling guide . The market is unregulated for online gambling, but operators can obtain a license in Peru and locals are not restricted from playing at any internet gaming establishment. However, the Peruvian government has a proposal that would regulate gambling websites and require owners of such sites to operate in Peru and pay taxes. International casinos are widely available in accepting Peruvians. Learn more about poker, casino and sports books by taking a look at our dedicated page to our Peru guide . There are tight regulations regarding gambling in this South American country. Suriname does issue licensing for online operators within the borders; however, there are none we are aware of at the current time. Surinamese customers who participate at foreign gambling websites have not faced any prosecution from government officials. Players have access to a number of online gambling sites to choose from . Uruguay's gambling regulations do not address online casinos. This means that, while the country boasts that all forms of gambling are legal, it does not grant online casino licenses to operators. However, it does appear that the nation is not opposed to local land-based casinos launching online offerings. In fact, in 2013, a local casino resort partnered with Bally Technologies to run an online gaming platform. Residents may also partake in online gaming in via foreign operators, as this is not deemed illegal by the Uruguayan government. Check out a list of Uruguay-friendly casinos here . Online gambling is legal for residents in Venezuela to play. Licenses are available to operate within the country, but there has been only two business that obtained one and both are out of business today. Venezuelan customers are more than welcomed and foreign websites outside of this region. A number of generous bonuses, user-friendly banking options, local currency and language preference create a comfortable atmosphere to play in. Interested in what other countries in South America compare ? Although online gambling, except for sports betting, is not specifically illegal in American Samoa - it can be difficult to deposit and withdraw from casinos due to America's UIGEA. But, just like the United States mainland, there are plenty of online casinos willing to take customers from this unincorporated region of the country. Read our online gambling pages for more about casinos played by people in American Samoa . Australia attempts to restrict casino operators from offering services or advertising in the country but no law prevents citizens from accessing offshore sites from Australia . Sports betting, lotteries, and race track betting operators are allowed to advertise and accept bets. Online casinos licensed in Australia may not offer bets or advertise in the country. The land casino business in Australia is well developed with about 100 casinos and clubs in operation, while gambling websites available to the populace number in the thousands. World renown operators like Emu , Fair Go , and Superior Casino are just a sampling of the diverse software and casino games available in Australia. Because there isn’t much information available in terms of online gambling on Christmas Island, the only laws we can go by are Australia’s overall gambling regulations. While it is not illegal for citizens to access online betting, those operating gambling sites face the possibility of prosecution. Get more information from our gambling guide here . There is little to no information regarding online gambling in Cocos Islands . Under Australian gambling laws, the Online Gambling Act of 2001 made it so that it is not illegal for citizens to play online casino games or poker, but those operating the sites may be prosecuted. View our Oceania gambling guide for further information. The Cook Islands is a self-governing country in the South Pacific Ocean that is politically associated with New Zealand and a member of the British Commonwealth. Although land based and online gambling is legal in the Cook Islands , there are no casinos located there. About 15,000 people live there, most of them of Maori descent. There are no laws barring Cook Island residents from gambling online. Many offshore casinos, like Aladdin's Gold and Casino Cruise accept wagers from the Cook Islands. East Timor has not been a great place for gamblers in the past, even though some factions in the government have tried to relax laws there. Online gambling from the former Portugues enclave is spotty at best with only around 1% of the population having access to the internet. But if you find yourself there and have an itch to gamble, Casino Extreme and Drake Casino are among the offshore sites that will accept you as a customer. Although the 100 Sands Casino never opened, people in Fiji can look forward to a new casino that was licensed in 2017. As far as remote interactive gambling is concerned, Fijians are allowed to play in their own homes - as long as those games aren't delivered over the internet. The punishment for players is set out at 2 years imprisonment and a fine of $5,000. As an overseas collectivity of the French Republic, French Polynesia operates under the same laws as France. While current gambling does prevent a French licensed online website from offering casino games there, the law doesn't stop players from gambling at casinos licensed elsewhere. For a list of casinos accepting players from French Polynesia please click here . Guam is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the Micronesia region of the Western Pacific Ocean. It was settled by the Chamorros about four thousand years ago. The nearest island to Guam is Rota, part of the Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands which includes Saipan. While land casinos are prohibited in Guam, online gambling is not restricted or prohibited. Most casinos that accept players from US also allow players to sign-up from Guam . iNetBet and Casino Brango accept players from Guam. Kiribati is a tropical central Pacific Ocean nation with islands spread out over a vast area. About half of the country's 100,000 people live on the island of Tarawa. Even so, only about 15,000 people have access to the internet. This is partially due to Kiribati being one of the poorest countries in the world. Should a resident or visitor wish to play at an online casino, there are several who would allow them to register and play from there. Only about 3.5% of the population in the Marshall Islands has access to the internet. Many in the South Pacific country are opposed to any sort of gambling. Church groups lobbied the legislature there to ban the casinos that were legalized in 1996. By 1998 they had succeeded by getting the Gaming and Recreation Prohibition Act 1998 signed into law. Online gambling never got a chance to take off and online gaming institutions are not allowed to register their companies there. People in the Marshall Islands can play at several offshore casinos like Slotland and Rich Casino. The Federated States of Micronesia should not be confused with the region of Micronesia, which is itself a part of the ecozone of Oceania. The United States has administered the Federated States since after WWII. There are over 600 islands in the Federation grouped into four states: Yap, Chuuk, Pohnpei, and Kosrae. Online gambling is not regulated and there are many online web sites that accept casino players from Micronesia . The tiny oval shaped island country of Nauru is located north-east of Australia, south of the equator. About 10,000 people live on the island surrounded by a coral reef. Half of the population uses the internet, usually over WiMax broadband on cell phones. There is an internet cafe available as well. Mobile gaming is the most popular option for Nauru friendly online casinos. New Caledonia is a French Territory operating under the same laws as France. Licensed legal online gambling is sanctioned for sports betting, horse racing and poker, but the Autorité de Régulation des Jeux en Ligne (ARJEL) does not issue online casino licenses. However, there is nothing in the law prohibiting New Caledonians from gambling at online casinos located overseas. Microgaming casinos like Luxury Casino , Playtech providers like Europlay Casino , and Real Time Gaming casinos like Aladdin's Gold Casino gladly step in to fill the regulatory void. New Zealand law is very clear in stating that it is illegal to play casino games online at any casino emanating from within the country. The government goes on to clarify in no uncertain terms that New Zealand law does not apply to casinos operated overseas. The Department of Internal Affairs website then goes on to caution against depositing at unregulated casinos. Many well known and trusted sites on the internet serve players in New Zealand such as Royal Panda Casino , Mr. Green Casino , and Slotland . In fact, every possible gaming software is represented on our list of online casinos available in New Zealand . Niue is a tropical paradise in the South Pacific with multiple natural attractions, including whale watching between the months of July and October. Aside from the tiny Pitcairn, the country has the highest concentration of internet users of any South Pacific island nation at 68.2% but there are only about 1,600 permanent residents there. Although the law doesn't seem to prohibit residents or visitors from gambling online, the internet provider there considers online gambling to be a "deceptive practice" and their acceptable use policy forbids it. Players there can still find Niue friendly casinos . Although Norfolk Island no longer issues online gaming licenses, people there can still access any online casino in the world. The Australian parliament revoked the territory's autonomy in 2015 making it a sovereign state of Australia. Under Australia's Interactive Gambling Act residents aren't allowed to gamble at any online casinos served from the mainland, but they aren't restricted from accessing online casinos that will accept their custom. Click the following link for a list of casinos serving Norfolk Island . The Commonwealth of Mariana Islands (CNMI) has seen a lot of developments in land casinos in the last few years, especially on the island of Saipan. The government attempted to pass an internet gambling act in 2010 to provide for the regulation and control of the operation of internet gambling, but the bill never made it to committee. In the absence of any laws specifically prohibiting residents from gambling online, the practice remains legal for the time being. Residents of Rota, Tinian, and Saipan can easily access offshore casinos such as Ignition Casino , Jackpot Capital and Bet365 to gamble online. With the development of major casino resorts in the CNMI it may not be long before more legislation is introduced to authorize online gaming licenses on the islands. Palau is an island nation located in the Western Pacific Ocean. It is made up of hundreds of islands and shares maritime boundaries with the Federated States of Micronesia, Indonesia, and the Philippines. The republic has struggled to bring in casinos but legislation to legalize them has so far been unsuccessful. The people of Palau do not appear to be under any restrictions by the government as far as online casinos are concerned. They are free to play at any offshore casino that will accept players in their jurisdiction. Papua New Guinea is an independent state in the Pacific Ocean north of Australia. It is one of the most culturally diverse countries with more than 850 languages. MOst of the people live in traditional clans with a focus on farming. The capital, Port Moresby has been a center of trade since the 1800s. Gambling has been legal and regulated since 2007. part of that regulation is a ban on playing at unlicensed establishments. Whether this refers to online casinos or not is unclear. Several offshore casinos accept players from Papua New Guinea . Pitcairn has four islands, but only one of them is inhabited. About 50 people live in this British Overseas Territory in the South Pacific Ocean. This could well be the world's most remote inhabited place, roughly located between Chile and New Zealand. But if you find yourself there you may be surprised to find every house on the island connected to the internet. Online casinos that will take your play in Pitcairn include Slots Plus with RTG games and Royal Panda Casino with hundreds of casino games from at least 10 different game providers. As of 2017, only tourists holding foreign passports could enter Samoa's sole casino in Mulifanua. Politicians have discussed opening up play to locals but the idea is usually dashed without much further discussion. The gambling law that authorized casino licenses in 2010 doesn't seem to mention online gaming. As there are no known reports of the government actively blocking IPs of offshore casinos, it can probably be assumed that players in Samoa can safely play at any casino willing to take their deposits. All Slots Casino takes players from Samoa, so does Ignition Casino. Solomon Islands The Solomon Islands is a popular tourist destination. The sovereign country is made up of six major islands and hundreds of smaller ones. There are a couple of casinos there, and visitors can access online casinos without interference from the government. To see a list of online casinos available in the Solomon Islands please see our online page . You'll find information on All Slots Casino, Bet365, and more. It isn't likely there will ever be a casino in Tokelau. The non-self-governing territory of New Zealand is simply too remote. Located between Hawaii and New Zealand in the South Pacific Ocean, the group of atolls is usually accessed by boat from Samoa, some 24 hours away by sea. There are about 1,300 people living there and 800 of them use the internet. Some online casinos such as Vegas Casino Online and Omni Casino accept players from Tokelau . Tonga is made up of over 170 islands in the South Pacific Ocean in an area known as Polynesia. A lot of the islands are still uninhabited. There are no laws on the books against online gambling there so visitors and residents can access Tonga friendly casinos offshore. Tuvalu is a remote and lightly populated Pacific Ocean island nation. About half of the less than 10,000 people there have access to the internet. The country's Gaming and Lottery Act was updated in 2008 but neglects to mention online gambling. The people there can find online casinos that are Tuvalu friendly very easily by checking out our online gambling guide. Rich Casino and Jackpot Capital have no restrictions on players from Tuvalu. Although you won't find any land-based casinos on any of the US Minor Outlying Islands in the Pacific Ocean, there are some casinos that will accept players located there. See our online gambling page for more. Online gaming has been regulated in Vanuatu since the Vanuatu Interactive Gaming Act was approved in 2000. The Act was amended in 2003 to allow sports books and betting exchanges. Residents have access to several high-quality betting sites licensed in the country. Internet casinos there enjoy brisk business from their neighbors in Australia as companies based there cannot offer services to their countrymen. Other online casinos available to residents include Zodiak Casino and Virgin Games . Wallis and Futuna, a French island collectivity in the South Pacific Ocean, operates under French law. This means that casinos can be authorized and licensed under France's strict regulatory regime. It also means that residents there won't be able to play at a French licensed online casino as online casinos are not part of France's licensing or taxation scheme. But just like people in France, the people of Wallis and Futuna can play at any offshore casino that welcomes them, like Slotland or Lincoln Casino. Algeria does not permit online gambling. While the country prohibits online play, residents are still gambling on offshore betting sites. Though this is illegal as well, individuals are not typically prosecuted for doing so. Several offshore online casinos accept players from this country. For further info, view our list of casinos accepting players from Algeria . Despite the mostly low internet penetration spanning Africa’s countries, Angola falls on the higher end of the spectrum. However, online gambling remains unregulated and is not very popular among the country’s residents. No gambling sites operate within Angola’s borders, though players can access games by way of foreign operators. Click here for a full list of online sites accepting players from this country. Although very few people in Benin have access to the internet, online gambling is not explicitly illegal there and several online casinos allow Beninese people to register and play. As of June 2017, there were no online gambling sites registered as operating out of Benin. The local land based sports betting company doesn't offer online services, so those few who do have internet access must bet at offshore sites. The most recent gambling law passed in Benin was in 2002, and it does not address or regulate online gaming. Click here to find all of the trusted casinos we list that accept players from Benin. Although the government of Botswana codified new laws in 2012 in order to regulate gambling in the country, the law did not address online gaming. In early 2016, a new regulatory authority was created which specifically addressed land-based and online gambling. The Botswana Gambling Authority now oversees all casinos, bookmakers, bingo, lotteries and race betting shops in the country. However, no language in the law makes it illegal for the people of Botswana to gamble at offshore sites and dozens of operators over a variety of platforms and software serve players in Botswana . Fortunately, residents have access to most forms of gambling in Burkina Faso, as they have been deemed legal. Online gambling is legal but is not regulated. The internet penetration is very low, with reports of less than 5%. The country is not home to any online casino sites, but residents have the option to play on any international gambling sites, as long as they aren’t restricted by the operator. Check out our complete guide to Burkina Faso online casinos . All forms of online gambling are prohibited in Burundi. Therefore, there are no online casinos in operation within the country’s borders. The country also has a low internet penetration. Though, those who do have access to the internet are not prohibited by any laws from accessing foreign sites. The issue with offshore sites, however, is that there are very few accepting Burundian residents. Check out our Burundi online gambling guide . Cameroon operates under antiquated gambling laws put into effect in late 1989, before the advent of the World Wide Web, and only updated in 2005. Since 2015 the government has tried to codify new laws to address gambling by citizens, but nothing has moved through the entire process as of mid-2017. Several offshore casinos and betting companies offer services in Cameroon . No casinos are registered or operating out of the country. While internet penetration is low, it jumped from 5% of people having access in 2010, to over 20% in 2015. The status of online gambling in Cape Verde is complicated. Before 2015, online gambling was basically illegal, despite there being little to no consequences to those choosing to engage anyway. As of now, there is a lack of clarity as to whether Macau Legend is in charge of an online gambling monopoly, or whether licenses may be granted to domestic operators. Nonetheless, players have the option to bet at offshore sites, without much risk of prosecution. Check out our Cape Verde online gambling guide . When it comes to online gambling in the Central African Republic, online services are not regulated. Additionally, no online casinos are operating within the country's borders, leaving international options as the sole methods of online play for residents. The lack of sites offering services in the country's national language, Sango, poses another problem. However, its second national language, French, is available at several online casinos. Chad serves as yet another country in Africa, in which the state of online gambling falls into a gray category. It is not specifically regulated; it is not entirely clear whether unlicensed operators have the green light to provide services. However, at this time, there aren’t any in operation. Residents are permitted, or at least not prohibited, from accessing online foreign operators to engage in play. For a list of online casinos accepting players from Chad, view our designated Chad page . Comoros began regulating online gambling in 1999 with the passage of the Computer Gambling Licensing Act. Slotland Entertainment , which also runs Win a Day Casino has been licensed there from the beginning. Their motto is " Paying winners since 1999 ". Residents of the small and mostly impoverished island can gamble at local casinos online and on land. Many foreign gambling sites also offer their services to residents of Comoros . Residents of the Democratic Republic of the Congo have no legal barriers to gambling online. However, very few people there has access to gambling funds, being one of the poorest countries in the world on a per capita basis. As of March 2017, the latest numbers available, only 3.8% of the population used the internet. There aren't any online casinos licensed in the DRC, but citizens are free to access any of the offshore sites that accept wagers. A list of trusted online gambling sites serving the Democratic Republic of the Congo can be found here . As a predominantly Muslim country, there doesn't seem to be much interest or will in Djibouti to address online gambling under the nation's laws. There are no online casinos licensed in the country, and the existing laws don't specifically address residents' ability to play legally. Some of the banks there present another story, however. After Islamic banking law was introduced in Djibouti in 2011, several guidance notes were issued that addressed bans on gambling transactions. Only four of the eleven banks there are Islamic banks, so residents are still free to access offshore casinos that accept them and their countrymen. Unfortunately, the country’s gambling laws fail to address online gambling. The only option for residents to engage in online betting, however, is via international sites. Such sites are not blocked by the government, meaning that residents are free to register without any risk of consequences. For more information, view our complete online gambling guide for Equatorial Guinea . Due to a large Islamic population, all forms of gambling are considered illegal in at least some parts of the country, due to Islamic law. In Eritrea, online gambling is not regulated, and no online casinos are operated from within the country. The only option for locals to engage in online gambling is through offshore sites , though this is technically illegal as well. See how this country compares to others throughout Africa . Online gambling is not regulated in Ethiopia, or at least the law on gambling is not completely clear. Unauthorized casinos are banned from operation, though it is unclear whether this applies to online gaming as well. Nonetheless, the country currently has no domestic online casinos in operation. The government does not actively prevent residents from registering to foreign-operated sites, making offshore options fair game. Check out our list of online casinos accepting Ethiopian players here . There is little information available regarding the state of online gambling in this area of the world. It appears that the only option for residents is playing via foreign operators, but many online operators restrict such players. Check out a list of casinos accepting players from French Southern Territories . The president of Gambia declared on March 02, 2015, that all forms of gambling were illegal in the predominantly Muslim country. It's unclear if his edict carries the power of law as a legal proclamation. Although there are no land-based or online casinos operating in or from the country, there are plenty of offshore casinos that will still take deposits and wagers from Gambians. As always it is a player's responsibility to know and follow the law of the land where they reside. Ghana has no laws against online gambling and even licenses and regulates its own online gaming industry. Current gambling law, as of 2017, was put in place long before online betting came into play. A little less than one-third of the people there have access to the internet as of 2017, up markedly from less than 7% in 2010. In addition to the government licensed gaming sites available online, several offshore websites also offer access to online casino games, sports betting, and lotteries. By clicking the link , you can find dozens of casino accepting players from Ghana. Online gambling is considered legal in Guinea, though it is required that domestic operators retrieve a license to do so. Residents do, however, have the option to engage in play at foreign-operated sites, due to the fact that foreign play is not regulated. View a full list of online casinos available to players residing in Guinea: . There is little information available regarding whether or not online gambling in Guinea-Bissau is regulated. Due to there being such limited information, it appears that it may be unregulated. While there are no operators providing services from within the country, it is possible for players to sign up at offshore casinos. We’ve generously compiled a full list of casinos which accept registration by players from this country. View Guinea-Bissau-friendly online casinos here . The Cote d'Ivoire or Ivory Coast has partially regulated online gambling. Online lottery, sports betting, and horse racing are provided by the Loterie National de Cote d'Ivoire, but as of 2017, the gambling portal does not offer casino games, poker, or online bingo. There is no regulatory framework in place for the licensing of these options either. Players in Cote d'Ivoire must look offshore for online slots, table games, poker, and bingo. The laws of the country do not specifically address online gambling, leaving it up to residents to find their own places to play. Kenya has a far-reaching and stringent casino regulatory scheme. In 2011 the country authorized Amaya Gaming through their BetKenya website to offer online casino games. When Amaya pulled out, the void in Kenya was filled by several offshore operators willing to take deposits from Kenyans as well as at least two sports books licensed in the country that also offer casino gaming. More than 80% of Kenyans access the internet and due to a lack of infrastructure in the country, most people get online via mobile devices. The government has increased taxation on all gaming operators, and as of June 2017, it is unclear how many will survive in one of the largest betting markets in Africa. The tiny landlocked nation of Lesotho is surrounded by South Africa and has no online gambling laws. The land casinos there operate under laws that were enacted in 1989 before the creation of internet browsers and the laws have not been updated since. With no regulatory framework, no licensed online casinos are operating in Lesotho. Only about one out of five people in the country used the internet in 2017. Those who wanted to gamble online choose offshore casinos and sports books, or South African sports betting sites. All gambling is legal in Liberia. As of 2015, online operators delivering services within the country are required to obtain licenses to do so, just as land-based operators are required to. However, those who choose to bet on foreign sites are not currently at risk of being prosecuted. Offshore operators are not blocked by the government, giving residents full range to play where they want. See how Liberia compares to other countries in Africa . Libya has placed a ban on all forms of gambling in the country, which includes online gambling. No real money sites are operating within the country’s borders, as they are restricted from doing so. The only option available to the gambling community is to access online betting through offshore sites . Learn more about gambling in Africa, by browsing our complete continent guide . The state of gambling in Madagascar is not as clear as one would like, but from what we can gather, it does seem to be legal, particularly due to the fact that there are at least two land-based casinos currently operating throughout the country. The government addresses little to no information regarding online gaming in its laws. Though it is technically not illegal, it is clear that it is not regulated, leaving residents with the sole option of gambling via foreign operators . Currently, online gambling is not regulated in Malawi, leaving the topic much of a gray area. However, the good news is that, a lack of regulations means a lack of laws and monitoring, giving players the ability to enjoy their favorite games on a technicality. Though the country does not have any online gambling sites operating within its borders, players can participate via offshore operators. Take a look at our list of Malawi casinos and gambling guide . Both land-based and online gambling is considered illegal in Mali, and are not regulated. Players may still access games through offshore betting sites. Fortunately, players do not face many risks by doing so, as they are not prosecuted. The illegality stems from the influence of Islam throughout the country. The religion’s book, the Quran, forbids all forms of gambling. View a complete list of casinos accepting players from Mali . All forms of online gambling in Mauritania are illegal. This is particularly due to the large population of residents following the Islam religion. The Quran prohibits any type of gambling due to its addictive qualities. As a result, no land-based operators exist in the country, and online gaming is also forbidden. Click here for a list of casinos accepting players from Mauritania. Fortunately, online gambling is legal in Mauritius. Though, players are not permitted to engage in online betting at foreign-operated sites. This is considered illegal. However, there has been little reported in terms of those engaging in offshore play being prosecuted. Take a look at our complete online Mauritius gambling guide for more details. This country abides by French laws, which means that gambling is, overall, legal. There are no domestic online or land-based casinos within the region, which may be, in part, due to the high percentage of Islamic residents. As with several countries throughout Africa, the primary option for residents in Mayotte is to engage in play on foreign-operated sites. Don’t hesitate to check out a full spread of casinos accepting players from Mayotte . Online gambling is more or less legal in Morocco. In fact, the country is not home to any particular regulations which prohibit players from placing online bets. While it does not appear that the country is equipped with any domestic operators, residents can access online gaming via foreign sites accepting Moroccan users. Take a look at our online Morocco gambling guide , providing a list of casinos, gambling facts, and more. The legality of online gambling was codified in 2009 by Mozambique's president in a bold move, outpacing most other African nations. In 2017 the government passed the Gaming and Gambling Law which increased the number of licenses available and modified land based casino density rules. The new law still didn't address online gambling licenses, so residents are not able to gamble at regulated casinos under their own government's oversight. The good news for players in Mozambique is that dozens of providers across multiple software platforms will accept their deposits and pay them if they win. All Slots Casino is an eCOGRA certified Microgaming casino and offers over 600 games. Mr. Green Casino is happy to have players from Mozambique as well. Namibia gained independence from South Africa in 1990 and in 1996 a bill was passed creating a 10-year moratorium on new casino licenses. That law expired in 2006 but the industry is still stunted and no new laws were made specifically creating a framework for online casino operations. However, in the absence of any laws to the contrary, Namibians are free to gamble online at any offshore site that will accept them. Only about one in five people access the internet from Namibia or about twice the population of the biggest city. People can easily access Live Dealer, Mobile, and Desktop sites like Royal Panda Casino to enjoy a variety of online gambling games. The country does not address online gambling in its laws or regulations, though, it is clear that land-based gambling is legal. As a result, it’s safe to assume online gambling is not regulated. However, several sites accept players from Niger, making offshore betting sites the sole option in this country. We’ve compiled a complete list of online casinos accepting players from Niger, here . Nigeria has no laws on the books that address online gambling, and although the government did launch a gambling site in 2013. The site was short-lived and only offered roulette. It's surprising that none of the three land-based casinos in Nigeria have pushed hard for online or mobile casino regulation as nearly half of the country's population uses the internet. Most of them access the WWW via smartphone or tablet. Online poker, sports betting, and casino games are available at offshore sites such as Bet365 and Sun Palace Casino offers slots and casino games on the RTG platform. Both land-based and online gambling are not currently legal in Republic of Congo. There is little information further regarding online gambling. It is not clear whether betting on foreign-operated sites is banned, and/or if those caught doing so will be prosecuted. Take a look at the gambling regulations in other African countries. The tiny French-speaking island of Reunion in Africa has a population of less than a million, but nearly half of those people used the internet in 2017. It is the most prosperous island country in the Indian Ocean. Reunion has a small handful of land-based casinos, mostly serving tourists, but no legal infrastructure exists for online casino licensing or regulation. The population base simply isn't there. As part of France, Reunion is a member of the EU and residents enjoy certain freedoms. They can play at any offshore casino or betting site that will take their custom and dozens of online casinos will accept deposits and wagers. Lincoln Casino opened in 2013 and offers a wide variety of games for residents of Reunion Island. Gambling laws in Rwanda make it possible for casino operators to become eligible for an online casino license, though it appears that there are currently no online casinos in operation in the country. The laws also do not restrict players from accessing foreign online casinos, and several online casinos accept players residing in Rwanda. View our list of Rwanda-friendly casinos here . Due to its geographical location, and limited access to the area, Saint Helena is not equipped with any organized form of gambling, whether it be online or land-based. It is considered one of the most isolated nations in the world, and entry is limited, with the only options including by boat or military aircraft by way of England. For further details, visit our page for Saint Helena online casinos and gambling guide . Gambling in Sao Tome and Principe was not legalized until 2004, and the only information regarding online gambling in the country’s laws, concerns land-based casino licenses not being good for online gambling. It does not appear that foreign operators are regulated, it can be assumed that residents are free to play at these offshore sites . See how this country stacks up to others in Africa by taking a look out our continent guide. Senegal is one of many, in fact, most, African countries that have no laws on the books regarding online gambling. The country has a national lottery and land based casinos but no provisions for licensing or player protections online. However, the Senegalese have access to dozens of trusted offshore sites. Fortunately, many online casinos including Treasure Mile Casino have French language websites usable by the vast majority of people in Senegal. Seychelles is almost unique among African nations in that they have fully regulated online gambling and can offer licenses for casinos based in the country. Other African jurisdictions offering licenses include Comoros, Mauritius, and Tanzania. An important law was passed in 2003 and fully implemented in 2009. In November 2015 the Seychelles Gambling Act, 2014 came into force. Regulations are in place. However, we have not seen any licenses issued yet as of mid-2017. If and when any online casinos take advantage of a license in the jurisdiction players in Seychelles will have excellent protections under the law. For now, eCOGRA certified sites like All Slots Casino are probably residents' best bet. Sierra Leone currently has no gambling laws that address online casinos, nor do they have a licensing or regulatory scheme for internet casinos. They do have one land-based casino in Freetown, but even the state lottery is still unregulated as of late June 2017. The Lottery Director requested a framework for regulated betting in 2010, 2015, and again in 2017. Players from Sierra Leone have access to several offshore internet casinos such as Royal Panda Casino and the Comoros based Slotland so they don't have to go without a safe place to play while waiting for the government to act. In May 2017 the government seized over R1.25 million from online casino gamblers. There are a couple of major factors that play into the state of online gambling in Somalia. For starters, all forms of gambling in the country are illegal. On top of this, it also has one of the lowest internet penetrations across the globe. No online casinos operate from within the country. However, there are some options available to foreign operators. Browse a list of online casinos accepting Somalian players . Although it is illegal for anyone inside South Africa to gamble at an online casino, several offshore companies still offer their services. South Africa saw the National Gambling Act come into force in 2004 and the government went on to shut down a land casino operator's online casino access to the country in 2011, even though the servers were located in Swaziland and a government report suggested licensing and regulating internet casinos the same year. Many offshore operators still offer their services to South Africans, but players are on their own as far as player protection and criminality. Section 11 of the National Gambling Act states: " A person must not engage in or make available an interactive game except as authorized in terms of this Act or any other national law. " Online sports betting is legal if done through a licensed South African bookmaker. There is little to no information regarding online gambling laws in South Sudan. However, one can gather that its laws are on par with those of Sudan , meaning that online gambling is likely illegal. Additionally, there is no information regarding whether or not players participating via foreign operators will be prosecuted. Check out our complete gambling guide to Africa casinos . Unfortunately, online gambling is illegal in Sudan, as is land-based gambling. While the country has a higher internet penetration that goes above the African average, there is a strict system in place, which censors web content into specific categories. Though it is made very difficult to access foreign sites , those who manage to do so are not likely to face much in the way of consequences. See how Sudan stacks up to other countries in Africa, here . The Swaziland Gaming Board licenses online casinos such as Pigg's Peak Casino, with a land-based operation in the country and formerly, Volcanic Gold who took their last new players in 2014. However, the Gaming Board has no website and the laws it operates under are not found in the public domain. Swazilanders can play at Pigg's Peak Casino and enjoy all of the player protections that they would at the land based venue. Players from other countries also enjoy these protections. Other Microgaming casinos such as Go Wild also accept bets from within the country. Online gambling has been legal in Tanzania since 1999 and it is one of the few African countries to regulate online play. The first casino to launch from there premiered in 2013, but locals weren't initially allowed to play there. Now residents can access the casino as well as sportsbook on the site. Players inside and outside of the country are afforded player protections by the Gaming Board when playing at any site licensed by the government. But play at any online casino serving Tanzania is also legal while in the country. Little to no information regarding online gambling in Togo is available. Like many other countries on the African continent, the internet penetration is very low. As a result, there isn’t much need for regulation. Additionally, citizens from Togo are now restricted from play at several online casinos, following a new British online gambling regulation, which calls for a list of jurisdictions where those applying for a UK license offer their services, along with written consent. There are still UK-licensed casinos providing services to Togo residents, however. See which casinos, here . The government of Tunisia doesn't have a regulatory or licensing framework in place for online casinos operating from within the country. This is because online gambling is strictly forbidden in Tunisia . It is illegal for any company to offer its services to residents, and illegal for anyone to access an online gambling site of any kind from within the country's borders. That said, a little more than 5 million people in Tunisia access the internet, so many offshore companies offer their services there. Online sports betting sites are licensed and regulated in Uganda //online.worldcasinodirectory.com/uganda, but other forms of gambling like online casinos fall into a gray area of law. In the absence of any particular law against it, several foreign operators have been offering their services in Uganda for many years. Europaplay Online Casino running on the Playtech platform is one, and the bitcoin accepting mBit Casino is another. Maybe someday the more than half a dozen land based casinos in Kampala will petition the government to allow them to offers online casinos games to Ugandans. Online gambling in Western Sahara is a bit of a gray area. Online gaming is not regulated, and the country does not grant licenses to domestic operators. Residents do, however, have the option to participate in gambling online via international sites . Other than these simple details, there is little else available on the topic in this country. Want to see how it compares to other countries in Africa? View our complete guide here . Zambia has a robust regulatory regime for most forms of gambling. Land casinos have been licensed and taxed since 2007 and there are laws in place for State lotteries and bookmakers. Online gambling licenses so far have only been issued for sports betting, but residents are free to play at any online casino site serving Zambia . Internet usage has risen dramatically since 2000 when only one-fifth of one percent of citizens accessed the internet. By 2016 a full 20.4% of the population could connect to and play at casinos like CasinoCruise and StarGames Casino . Zimbabwe does not restrict its citizens from accessing internet gambling sites, but neither does the government provide regulation, licensing, or player protections. Internet usage in Zimbabwe has skyrocketed in recent years, much as it has elsewhere in Africa growing from 0.3% penetration in the year 2000 to 11.5 % in 2011 and quadrupling to 46.5 % by 2016. The 2017 numbers will likely e just as impressive when they are released later this year. Zimbabweans can freely gamble at casinos like All Slots Casino or Las Vegas USA Casino without fear of reprisal from the government. Bound by Sharia law, and teachings outlined in the Quran, all forms of gambling are considered illegal in Afghanistan. While it is measured as illegal for residents to participate in online gambling games, the government does not regularly monitor online activity. This means that residents are likely to get away with registering to and playing on offshore sites, with little consequence. Additionally, there are several casinos accepting players from Afghanistan . Online casino gaming is legal in Armenia, though a license is required for providers to operate. However, currently no gambling licenses have been granted. The only option for Armenian players is to access foreign-operated sites. Several offshore casino sites accept access from Armenian citizens. For more details, take a look at our online gambling guide to Armenia . Since a ban put in place in 1998, gambling has been considered illegal in Azerbaijan. Though online gambling is also technically illegal, residents may access foreign sites from the comfort of their own homes, with little risk of being prosecuted, as there have been few to no instances of this being reported. Several online casinos accept Azerbaijani players. For more details, we’ve compiled a full guide to gambling online in Azerbaijan. Currently, online gambling is legal in Georgia. Before a spike in home and mobile access as of March 2017, residents mainly accessed online casinos via something called, interactive clubs. The clubs are scattered throughout the country and consist of facilities offering computers for accessing both local and foreign online casinos. A company known as InterPlay plays a significant role in Georgia’s online gaming market, providing facilities with assistance in setting up these interactive clubs. View our complete online Georgia gambling guide . Online gambling in India is considered illegal but is not particularly regulated, with few reports of individuals penalized for engaging in online betting. One of the country’s states, Sikkim, has created its own online gambling regulation (Sikkim Online Gaming Act of 2008), which allows select games to be played online. PlayWin is the recipient of India’s first online lottery operator. The country has taken some steps to prevent play on foreign sites by having internet service providers block certain sites. Online gambling in Kazakhstan is illegal. The government further keeps a lid on the subject by taking strict measures to block foreign gambling sites to keep residents from engaging in illegal play. Despite this, there have been little to no significant reports of individuals prosecuted for gambling at offshore sites . More specific details regarding country’s stance on online gambling are difficult to come by, but currently, it does appear that the country is equipped with at least two online gaming sites, the Olympus online sportsbook, and online casino, Altyn Alma. In Kyrgzstan, online gambling is illegal, but the topic is considered to be much of a gray area. Residents may access online casinos , but the country does not offer any local online betting services. Therefore, the only option is to bet at foreign sites, of which none provide services in the country’s language. However, much of the country’s residents speak Russian, and a number of foreign sites offer their interface in this language. Like many other East Asian countries, Pakistan restricts all forms of gambling, due to its large following of Islam. Unlike some of its neighboring countries, however, those who risk gambling at foreign-operated sites , risk jail time. In fact, consequences range from a hefty fine, to five years in prison. Gambling has been officially illegal since the passing of The Prevention of Gambling Act of 1977. See how Pakistan stacks up to other countries in East Asia . The state of online gambling in Sri Lanka is unique. Overall, the country has a low rate of internet penetration, meaning that only a small percentage of the population accesses the internet regularly, leaving little room for an online gaming market. While land-based gambling is popular, there are no providers licensed to offer online betting. Additionally, while many foreign online casinos accept Sri Lankan players, none of them accept the country’s national currency, rupees, or offer interfaces in its common languages. Take a look at our complete online Sri Lanka section . Gambling of any kind is not legalized in Tajikistan, and it is not too prevalent in the country. Additionally, internet penetration is extremely low. The government also regularly monitors internet activity, and blocks several sites, though this is mostly limited to political content. Players may access foreign sites to play if they wish, and face little risk of consequences. Though online gambling is technically legal in Turkmenistan, almost no operators are offering online betting services in the country. Therefore, residents are forced to resort to foreign online casinos , accessible from home or via interactive clubs, facilities providing internet and computer access to locals. While no online gambling sites offer services in the Turkmen language, many residents get by with Russian offerings. While online gambling is illegal in this country, authorities are not properly equipped to monitor the matter as effectively as they would like. Therefore, citizens have the option to play on foreign sites, with little risk of being caught or facing any serious consequences. Check out our list of online casinos accepting players from Uzbekistan. Depending on your search, Belize is located on several different continents. However, it is situated in the Southernmost part of North America. The Computer Wagering Licensing Act of 1995 was among the pioneers to legalize online gambling. Operators who wish to obtain a license must located in within the country but allow servers outside of the country and are prohibited from accepting Belize residents. Take a look at our list of online casinos that are currently accepting players from Belize here . It is unlawful for Costa Ricans to gamble online or bet money on any game of chance. It is, however, legal for gambling operators to set up business and internet gambling in Costa Rica. As a result, it is a prime location and a major destination for owners of gaming portals. Some websites do allow players from Costa Rica , but we advise you play at your own risk. A few casinos worth mentioning are Drake Casino , Jackpot Capital , and Royal Panda . Enforcing any gambling laws in El Salvador has been a difficult process to control for the government. Currently, the country does not allow any licensing for online gambling operators. The laws are confusing and do not explicitly state that internet gambling is illegal. El Salvadorians play at offshore establishments where they are accepted by many gaming portals. Popular casino websites accepting this region of players include Omni , Luckland Casino and Drake Casino . All forms of gambling are illegal in Guatemala, but operators typically look the other way to the law. There are currently no regulations for online gambling portals and citizens in this region must seek offshore establishments. Guatemalans who choose to engage in online gambling should do so cautiously. We have a list of casinos that are now accepting residents from this area. Some favorites spots include Bet365 , 32 Red, and Mr Green , There are liement laws regarding gambling in Honduras. Citizens in this region offer gambling entertainment including online gaming websites that are legal. Players are free to indulge in poker, racing and sports. A large selection of online casinos is available to Honduran players to engage in real money wagers. In 1979 the Sandinista government banned all forms of gambling. Not until in recent years has the ban slowly shifted. There are no specific laws regarding online gambling. Therefore, Nicaraguans access offshore websites. A wide range of divisions is available ranging from poker, table games and sports betting. Pick an online casino that best fits your needs from exclusive list focused on the Nicaragua community . Considered one of the smaller jurisdictions for issuing online gambling licenses, Panama has a limited number of brands in this region. Initially, the licensing law was passed in 2002 and The Junta de Control de Juegos Gaming Control Board is responsible for monitoring the gambling websites. Internet gaming is a large draw for natives of Panama. There is a vast selection of casinos to choose from . Among the popular casinos accepting residents from this area is Slots Plus , Las Vegas USA and Sun Palace Casino . Depending on your search, Belize is located on several different continents. However, it is situated in the Southernmost part of North America. The Computer Wagering Licensing Act of 1995 was among the pioneers to legalize online gambling. Operators who wish to obtain a license must located in within the country but allow servers outside of the country and are prohibited from accepting Belize residents. Take a look at our list of online casinos that are currently accepting players from Belize here . It is unlawful for Costa Ricans to gamble online or bet money on any game of chance. It is, however, legal for gambling operators to set up business and internet gambling in Costa Rica. As a result, it is a prime location and a major destination for owners of gaming portals. Some websites do allow players from Costa Rica , but we advise you play at your own risk. A few casinos worth mentioning are Drake Casino , Jackpot Capital , and Royal Panda . Enforcing any gambling laws in El Salvador has been a difficult process to control for the government. Currently, the country does not allow any licensing for online gambling operators. The laws are confusing and do not explicitly state that internet gambling is illegal. El Salvadorians play at offshore establishments where they are accepted by many gaming portals. Popular casino websites accepting this region of players include Omni , Luckland Casino and Drake Casino . All forms of gambling are illegal in Guatemala, but operators typically look the other way to the law. There are currently no regulations for online gambling portals and citizens in this region must seek offshore establishments. Guatemalans who choose to engage in online gambling should do so cautiously. We have a list of casinos that are now accepting residents from this area. Some favorites spots include Bet365 , 32 Red, and Mr Green , There are liement laws regarding gambling in Honduras. Citizens in this region offer gambling entertainment including online gaming websites that are legal. Players are free to indulge in poker, racing and sports. A large selection of online casinos is available to Honduran players to engage in real money wagers. In 1979 the Sandinista government banned all forms of gambling. Not until in recent years has the ban slowly shifted. There are no specific laws regarding online gambling. Therefore, Nicaraguans access offshore websites. A wide range of divisions is available ranging from poker, table games and sports betting. Pick an online casino that best fits your needs from exclusive list focused on the Nicaragua community . Considered one of the smaller jurisdictions for issuing online gambling licenses, Panama has a limited number of brands in this region. Initially, the licensing law was passed in 2002 and The Junta de Control de Juegos Gaming Control Board is responsible for monitoring the gambling websites. Internet gaming is a large draw for natives of Panama. There is a vast selection of casinos to choose from . Among the popular casinos accepting residents from this area is Slots Plus , Las Vegas USA and Sun Palace Casino . Albanian citizens are legal to participate in gambling in all forms. The Gambling Monitoring Unit regulates the country's online gaming. For operators to provide online services, they are required to apply for a license and fulfill all necessary requirements. Social and skill games, along with games of luck are permitted under Albania’s regulations. While the country has taken steps to block foreign gambling sites, it has had little success as of yet. Check out a complete list of online casinos that accept Albanians here . Outside of lottery operations, online gambling is strictly forbidden in Belarus. In 2012, the country’s government passed a law which made it illegal to engage in play by accessing foreign websites. Additionally, foreign gambling sites are blocked by ISPs. While it has been reported that Belarus has plans for a state-run online gambling option, little has yet to come of it. See which online casinos accept people from Belarus . In Bosnia and Herzegovina, online gambling remains well regulated by Republika Uprava Za Igre Na Srecu, which operates under the Ministry of Finance. More specifically, online gambling is legal, and citizens are permitted to engage in online play . The first online casino license was granted to WILLIAMS in 2011. The operator serves as the largest in Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 2013, an attempted ban was posed to keep players from accessing foreign sites. The ban did not stick and was ultimately lifted. In 2012, Bulgarian Parliament passed an updated Gambling Law, designed to allow operators an opportunity to acquire a Bulgarian gaming license to legally provide services to the country’s citizens. It also places a ban on the promotion of online gaming, while also placing unlicensed casinos on a blacklist, and having those sites blocked and fined. The country’s first online gaming license was granted to PokerStars and PokerStars.bg in 2014, with Betfair receiving its second license. View our Bulgaria online gambling guide for further details. Online gambling is legal for Croatian citizens over the age of 18, as a result of an ordinance passed in July of 2010. Citizens are permitted to play at the Croatian State Lottery site, which provides services for bingo, keno, sports betting, land-based casinos, and online foreign operators. Operators are permitted to provide services to Croatian citizens, as long as they run a land-based casino within its borders, and its servers are located in Croatia. In 2014, the country approved laws to create a legal and open, online-based poker market. See how this country compares to others in Eastern Europe . Cyprus allows lottery sales and fixed-odds sports betting online. However, the National Betting Authority (Εθνική Αρχή Στοιχημάτων) created a blacklist of some 2,500 gambling websites and in late 2016 instructed all ISPs in the country to block those domains. Online casino gaming including poker and exchange betting is forbidden under the Betting Law of 2012. Greek monopoly holder OPAP runs the lottery in Cyprus . Currently, online sportsbooks are permitted in the Czech Republic. Among the top sports betting operators, with official licenses, include Fortuna, Chance, SAZKA, Synop Tip, and TipSport. In order to gain access to online games, citizens must first register at a land-based facility. This particular measure was implemented as a means of regulating underage gambling. It is also required that operators be located within borders to provide services. All other forms of online gambling are illegal, despite offshore operators continuing to offer online games to Czech citizens . Two main laws are regulating the state of online gambling in Estonia: the Gambling Tax Act and the Gambling Act. Online gambling laws only started going into effect in the country in 2010 and were created to generate a new source of income during a time when the economy was down. The laws granted local operators to provide online services to citizens. In 2011, the country opened the door to operators outside its borders as long as a license is obtained from Estonian authorities. Any unlicensed gambling operators are blocked. Take a look at our full online casinos guide here . Gambling activity in Greece is regulated by Law 4002/2011. The law covers land-based and online betting. In reality, the market is dominated by OPAP, a monopoly once partially owned by the Greek government. The government has blacklisted over 300 gambling domains and expects Greek ISPs to block the sites. Greek banks are not allowed to process payments to or from any of the blacklisted companies. For a list of online betting sites willing to take bets from Greek players please click here . In Hungary, it is legal for citizens to participate in all forms of online gambling, with products made available by Szerencsejáték. Mobile gambling was also legalized in 2002. In 2014, the Hungarian Gambling Act made it so that online casinos are only permitted to provide services in the event that they also run a land-based facility. Be sure to view our list of Hungary-friendly casinos in our Hungary online gambling guide . In Kosovo, the Law on Games of Chance (Law No. 04/L-080) was passed in 2012. The law seems to only apply to gambling operators and not to players, leaving residents free to choose any offshore gambling site they feel comfortable with, as long as the company accepts players from Kosovo. Many online casinos accept players from Kosovo , but most do not offer bonuses to them. Thanks to the 2006 Gambling and Lotteries Law, citizens in Latvia are permitted to engage in online gambling. The legalization, however, is strictly limited to operators specifically licensed to operate in Latvia. As of 2014, the country has also created a blacklist of online gaming sites, via the Lotteries and Gambling Supervision Inspection. As a result, the country appears to be limiting the number of licenses granted to online gaming operators to provide services within the country’s borders. For further details, take a look at our Latvia online gaming section . Unfortunately, the state of online gambling in Lithuania remains in much of a gray area. In 2014, the country drafted a legislation requesting that the European Commission approve online gaming laws, which would allow operators based in Lithuania to offer online gaming services to the country’s citizens. However, the European Commission has yet to make its ruling on the matter. The most recent information regarding online gambling in the country came from 2016 when the Lithuania Gambling Control Authority made a move to prevent unlicensed operators from offering services within the country. Macedonia took major steps toward forming a regulated online gambling market in 2014, following a slew of online gaming sites leaving its market, including Bodog and PartyPoker. In an effort to do so, the government joined hands with Casinos Austria to create an organization to provide online gaming services, including lottery, poker, and sports betting options. It was designed to run as a monopoly. For more information, check out our full Macedonia gambling guide here . The only licensed online gaming provider in Moldova is The National Lottery of Moldova. In 2011, the Minister of Finance made it so that The National Lottery of Moldova would have a monopoly in gambling, controlling all services, such as slot games, lotteries, casinos, and bookmaker facilities. Also in 2011, Amaya Gaming Group was granted a contract, good for 20 years, to provide the Lottery with its gaming solutions. In 2012, the Ministry of Finance proposed an increase in gambling licenses and mobile services. Little has been implemented to the country’s gambling regulations since. The Game of Chance Administration in Montenegro has regulated online gambling since 2011 and land based gambling since 2006. Licensed online operators can offer casino games, slots, poker, live dealer games, sports betting, and even binary options but no lottery services. Companies licensed there can accept players from Montenegro as well as worldwide. Players there can also access offshore casinos accepting players from Montenegro . All forms of online gambling were made illegal in Poland, via laws passed in both 2009 and 2011. More specifically, all online gambling was deemed illegal, except for sports betting. The government maintained that sports betting could be an exception, due to its inability to be fixed. Additionally, the country grants licenses to online sportsbooks sparingly, and only to those located within its borders. If companies are found to be operating illegally in Poland, strict penalties are outlined in the regulations, though not regularly enforced. Online gambling was officially made legal in Romania in 2010, after being neither officially legal or illegal prior to that point. The law in 2010 made it so that online gambling was legal, but only to those having a legitimate gambling license. There proved to be quite a catch with this particular law, as there was no such body available to grant this type of license, which led to outside operators providing their services to Romanian citizens, with little to be done about it. In 2013, a regulatory body to grant licenses was created, though due to a number of reasons, continue to be challenged by the EU. Harsh laws are in play in regards to gambling in Russia, both online and land based. To put it simply, the country is mostly in opposition to the pastime. Back in 2006, the government passed a law banning all online gambling, followed by a law banning all forms of gambling, aside from four elected zones in 2009. The government has also created a regularly updated blacklist, containing a series of websites which must be blocked by Internet service providers. The list includes all gambling-related content. It has been reported. However, that poker software remains unblocked, meaning that players can access and play for real money. Despite laws in place, residents continue to participate in play at unlicensed options operating outside the country’s borders, due in part to minimal consequences for being caught. View further details via our Russia guide . Serbia passed legislation in 2011 that went into effect the next year getting rid of the state monopoly over online gambling. It also set up a framework for licensing online gambling sites in the country. In 2012 the government created a blacklist of unlicensed sites and instructed ISPs serving Serbia to block the domains. In order to serve games of chance in Serbia, remote gambling sites must be connected to the Games of Chance Administration network. For a list of well known offshore casinos that do not ban Serbian players please see this page . Sportna Loterija serves as a main hub within Slovenia, delivering citizens with access to sports betting, lottery, and other online games. In 2010, the government posed an amendment which would require internet service providers (ISPs) to block gambling sites operating beyond borders. In 2013, the country’s government made another attempt to bring the gambling market up to par with EU law, but no changes have been made as of yet. 2016 marked the proposition of legislation which would remove any limitations on online gambling licenses. Check out our full Slovenia guide here . The state of online gambling in Ukraine is one that is not uncommon among European countries. The country’s government banned the operation of all online gambling sites prior to finally legalizing gambling in most forms in August of 2020. However, players are almost completely left out of the equation, with plenty of opportunities to participate in play on foreign betting sites. The law which banned all forms of gambling in Ukraine, other than the lottery, was passed in 2009. Despite further legislation to ban sites outside of the country’s borders from providing services to citizens in 2011, players continue to visit foreign operators as well as online sites licensed by the government. Like land-based gambling, online betting is also deemed illegal in Bahrain. The only option available to residents is foreign-operated sites . Luckily, citizens face little risk of prosecution, as there have been no reports of such instances. Though, the government has taken strict precautions to block several international options. There are nearly 30 land based casinos in Egypt, but residents are not allowed to gamble in them. The gambling laws of Egypt do not address online gaming, so the people there are free to access any offshore casino or betting site that will accept their deposits . There aren't currently any online gambling sites operating out of Egypt, at least none that are registered. There are no official online lottery outlets for the Egyptian National Lottery. However, several lottery messenger services and online retailers service the market. Because the primary religion in Iran is Islam, gambling in the country is forbidden for both land-based and online play. The government makes an effort to block foreign online casinos from being accessed as well. However, it is not clear if authorities take strict measures if a citizen is caught playing, so it is recommended that users be wary of this. Here is a list of online casinos accepting players from Iran . Like many of its neighbouring countries with a high Islamic population, gambling in all forms is illegal in Iraq. According to section 7 of its 1969 Penal Code , those operating or participating in any type of land-based gambling may be subject to time in prison. Operators tend to be more severely prosecuted than players. The government takes steps to block foreign gambling sites, though there is little information regarding consequences for participation in offshore site play. View a list of online casinos accepting players from Iraq . Casino gambling is illegal in Israel and the government's policy as been to extend that ban to online casinos. It is acceptable for residents to access certain sports betting sites, the national lottery, and to bet on horse races online. Any other form of online gambling is difficult to accomplish as payment processors have been called on to stop issuing payments. At one point Israel was home to some of the biggest software and game providers in the industry including Playtech and 888. Now, the government goes so far as to filter the internet in an attempt to block residents from accessing offshore casinos. But where there is a will, there is a way, and many Israelis have found their way around the impediments to sites like House of Jack Casino and UK Casino Club . Both land-based and online gambling is restricted in Jordan. The illegality of the past time is mostly due to the country’s high population of Muslims. However, the government has not made any efforts to block foreign gambling providers, and therefore, players are not prosecuted for betting on such sites. View our Jordan online casinos page for more information. Kuwait has a high percentage of Muslim individuals, and due to Islamic teachings, gambling is forbidden in this country. Unlike many of its neighboring countries which do not tend to prosecute players for accessing international sites , Kuwait will take legal action against those caught doing so. In fact, a number of cases have been reported in which citizens have been arrested. The government of Lebanon allows residents there to access a single gambling site which sells lottery tickets. Otherwise, they actively attempt to filter all offshore casinos and sports betting sites to block access from within the country. The Lebanon blacklist cannot possibly be updated as quickly as new internet casinos come online, but it has proved to be an effective tool in keeping Lebanese money in the local land casino. That said, there are numerous online casinos that will accept wagers if the player can get to them. Due to the high population of Muslims in the country, all forms of gambling are forbidden in Oman, as outlined in the Quran. The only advantage to the online gambling community is the fact that it is not strictly enforced like land-based gaming. While gambling-related content is somewhat blocked on websites, those who manage to access offshore sites do not typically face prosecution. Take a look at our list of Oman-friendly casinos here . Due to the large following of Islam in this area, gambling of any kind is considered illegal, along with alcohol. While residents may still access offshore betting sites , there is little information regarding the region’s stance on prosecution for doing so. Gambling in all forms is illegal in Qatar. This, of course, applies to online gambling as well. According to the country’s Qatari penal code, those caught in the act, can face up to three months of jail time, or a serious fine. Though, currently, there are few instances in which individuals have actually been prosecuted. The ban against gambling does not specifically address offshore sites, so it can be assumed that residents are free to access international options. Check out our complete guide to Qatar online gambling. Online gambling is prohibited in this country, and this is particularly due to its Muslim population. The religion forbids all forms of gambling. Any players participating in illegal online play may be forced to pay fees or even face possible jail time. Though, reported instances of prosecution are few to non-existent. Nonetheless, here is a list of online casinos available to players in Saudi Arabia . Unfortunately, an outbreak of war and protests put an end to land-based gambling in the country, ultimately making online play illegal as well. Though, due to the current war going on, the government is not regularly monitoring online activity, meaning that those who choose to play illegally are not likely to face prosecution. However, a low internet penetration poses yet another problem for the country. For more information, browse our Syria online casino guide . As a result of a law passed in 2007, online gambling in Turkey is not permitted, with one exception being the state-owned sports betting company, IDDAA . It serves as the only operator, within borders, with the ability to offer online gambling services. Additionally, there are laws in place which restrict banks from authorizing transactions to online casino accounts. Residents are also prohibited from using offshore services , with penalties including hefty fines. While sports betting and race betting is legal in the seven emirates that make up The United Arab Emirates ; Abu Dhabi, Ajman, Dubai, Fujairah, Ras Al Khaimah, Sharjah, and Umm Al Quwain (as long as you are only betting on your own performance), no casino gambling is allowed in the UAE on land or online. In fact, no form of gambling is allowed over the internet at all and the law is actively enforced. Players who access online betting in any form can receive up to a 2-year prison sentence. In an effort to follow Islamic Law, all forms of gambling are forbidden in Yemen. This applies to online gambling as well. While sites operating illegally may not be prosecuted under Yemen law, players found betting on these sites can, though there is no information regarding instances of this actually happening. Most offshore sites are also blocked. Take a look at our complete online casinos for Yeman gambling guide . Anguilla is a British overseas territory in the Caribbean. It is a popular tax haven as it has no capital gains, estate, profit or other forms taxes on individuals or corporations. However, it has a very religious population and government that does not look kindly on gambling for the most part. There are no casinos there and no state lottery. In order to gamble residents must either go online and play at one of the casinos accepting Anguilla residents , or take a ferry to neighboring Sint Maarten. Antigua and Barbuda are the grandfathers of online gambling license jurisdictions and they pioneered many player protection policies such as age restrictions and requiring licensees to publish problem gambling warnings on their websites. They were also the first jurisdiction to insist on the "ring-fencing" of funds so that players' deposits are never co-mingled with a casino's operating funds. This is in addition to a required minimum reserve gaming companies must carry on their books to cover player winnings. As of late 2017, the government website listed about half a dozen gaming and wagering companies licensed in Antigua and Barbuda . However, hundreds of offshore casinos accept players from there including iNetBet , known for loose slots and player friendly payouts, and StarGames , a European favorite. Aruba is a country in the Caribbean that began operating casinos in the 1950s just as Cuba's casinos were shutting down. The jurisdiction has been heavily criticized in the past for alleged money laundering through its online gambling sites. Online casino regulations in Aruba allow foreign and domestic players to visit online casinos licensed there, but that is about all that is known of Aruban casino licenses as the government doesn't publish any information on them. Some offshore sites that accept players from Aruba include Casino Extreme with immediate payout anywhere and Royal Panda Casino with one of the most diverse games portfolios online. Aruba seceded from the former Netherlands Antilles in 1986 starting a wave of discontent that ended with the dissolution of the country in 2010. Unfortunately, the Bahamas introduced a bill to Congress in 2013 to legalize internet gambling. However, it did not pass. It is not illegal for non-residents or tourist to gamble online, only natives of the country. Though illegal it is not enforced and authorities tend to look the other way. It is up to the player whether or not to play at any online gambling site. Check out some of our suggestions for Bahamian friendly casinos . On the island of Barbados, casino gambling is illegal but not be confused with all forms of gambling. Participating at online gaming sites is permitted. Natives can choose from an array of divisions including slots , sports betting and table games. For casinos accepting players from this region be sure to check out our extensive list here . In late 2016 Bermuda passed into law the Casino Gaming Amendment Act 2016 following-up on earlier progress made in 2014. Newly authorized casinos will be able to offer "eGaming Zones" in areas of the casinos where no physical gaming takes place. The law makes it clear that these are intranet rather than internet casino games. It further clarifies that the law does not affect residents and visitors who play at offshore casinos over the internet.This means that although Bermuda does not license online casinos, they also don't prohibit anyone from playing at them. Even though it took Bermuda a long time to come around to casino gaming on the island, people there have always been able to access quality sites like Bet365 Casino and others. Unlike some of its neighbors, including Aruba and Curaçao, Bonaire does not enjoy country status so they are not part of the “Kingdom of the Netherlands”, rather it is a special municipality of the country of the Netherlands. Bonaire left the kingdom with the dissolution of the country called Netherland Antilles in 2010 but did not become an independent nation. As part of the country of the Netherlands, Bonaire must comply with Dutch law, which as of July 2017 did not allow for online casino licenses. New legislation is expected to pass in 2017 and open the floodgates to online casino licenses under the Netherlands Gaming Authority. The British Virgin Islands does not allow gambling of any kind with the exception of charitable lotteries. That doesn't stop Puerto Rican Lottery sales though and many people buy tickets in hopes of winning. The law is actually so strict there that the police can enter your home or place of business on the mere suspicion of gambling activity and the offense carries a possible prison sentence. That said, several offshore sites still offer services to residents of the British Virgin Islands . The Cayman Islands is a well-known tax haven where gambling is considered illegal. The country does not permit the registration of offshore gaming companies. Residents there usually fly about 45 minutes from George Town to Kingstown, Jamaica to visit a casino or take their chances with authorities by visiting an online gambling site. Many offshore companies state that they will accept wagers from the Cayman Islands . The government of the Cayman Islands updated their criminal code in 2015 to specifically bar casino cruise ships from offering gaming while in port in the islands or within its territorial sea. It wasn't until the revolution was over that Fidel Castro banned all forms of gambling. This applies to online gambling as well, however, Cubans can participate in online gambling for real money wagering. The laws prohibiting gambling are strict though it is not common, anyone found breaking the law could face fines or jail time. Therefore it is advisable that residents in this region play at their own risk. Popular deposit and withdrawal methods in pesos include MasterCard, Visa, prepaid credit cards and e-wallets like Skrill and Neteller at most online casinos accepting Cuban players . Among them are All Slots , Casino Extreme and Drake Casino . The Curaçao Internet Gaming Association (CIGA) regulates online casinos licensed in the country. When it was part of the former Netherlands Antilles, Curaçao was one of the online casino jurisdictional pioneers, issuing their first licenses in 1996. The authority issues Master Licences and sub-licenses, which basically means that Master License holders can issue their own licenses. A single license in Curaçao covers all forms of interactive eGaming including Casinos, Sports Betting, Exchanges, Lottery, Games of Skill and Chance. Locals are allowed to gamble at CIGA licensed casinos or offshore. Treasure Mile is an example of an online casino that operates with a Curaçao eGaming license. The Commonwealth of Dominica , not to be confused with the nearby Dominican Republic, issues sportsbook and "Cyber-casino" licenses for a fee, as long as a potential operator also meets certain criteria such as having minimum paid-up capital of $500,000. More sports books than casinos are licensed here. The Ministry of Finance through the Dominica Financial Services Unit administers betting licenses as well as offshore banking licenses. Although not specifically codified as such, online gaming is not considered legal for residents and they cannot play at Dominica licenses sites. There is no evidence to suggest that the government interferes with Dominicans accessing offshore casinos like Drake Casino . Online gambling was legalized and regulated since 2006 and Dominican Republic was considered one of the newcomers from the Caribbean to join ranks in the industry. The first online gambling license was issued to Amaya Gaming Group and owner of such sites like Poker Stars and Full Tilt . Dominican friendly casinos to consider include: 32 Red , Crazy Vegas, and Casino Action. Grenada has been in the online casino licensing realm since 1998. All that was needed in the beginning was to move company offices to the island and keep a minimum reserve in a local bank in order to enjoy a license. In 2016 the country's parliament approved a bill that created a gaming commission to oversee the Grenada gaming sector that previously had no regulatory framework. The law also imposes up to 30% tax on gross receipts for some slot machine placements. No provisions have been made to license online casinos so residents and visitors will need to visit an online casino like Casino GrandBay in order to play casino games online. Guadeloupe is a French overseas territory located in the Caribbean. As such, it operates under the same laws as the country of France. No online casinos are licensed or considered to be legal. Online licenses are available for sports betting, horse race betting, and online poker. The fewer than half a million people living in Guadeloupe must find online casinos they can trust if they wish to play online. Many online website accept casino play from Guadaloupe residents. Haiti shares the island with the Dominican Republic but unlike the legalization of online gambling in that region Haitians are prohibited to place any bets on the internet. There are currently no regulations and playing at any gaming establishment for money should be done at your own discretion. Browse our list of casinos that are currently accepting players from Haiti. The Caribbean country of Jamaica issues licenses to operate an online gambling site from the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Commission. The law gets sticky for online gambling because it is illegal for residents to play, however, for tourists and non-residents it is perfectly legal. Jamaican friendly sites provide easy banking transactions for all depositing and withdrawal needs. Choose a casino that is regulated and licensed before making any cash deposits. Recommended sites to play at your own risk include are available here . The Caribbean island of Martinique is a French overseas territory and subject to the same laws as the French homeland. There are no online casinos based there, in accord with French law. Land casinos and sports betting are legal. Many overseas online gambling sites consider Martinique a restricted jurisdiction, which means they will not accept registration, deposits, or wagers from Martinicans. Royal Panda is one casino that will. Montserrat is a British Overseas Territory located in the Caribbean. Only a few thousand people remain on the island after a volcanic eruption occurred in 1995. There is no land based or online casino in Montserrat but the people there can play online at Win A Day Casino with 100% confidence in being paid when they win. The Netherlands Antilles is a former country comprised of several islands. It was part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands before the country was dissolved in 2010. Online casinos were licensed in one of the former constituents, Curaçao . The Netherlands Antilles is no longer a gambling jurisdiction. As part of the official territory of the United States, Puerto Rico online gambling laws are restricted to a US federal level. But like the US, internet gambling laws are determined on a state by state basis. There is no current legislation permitting Puerto Rican residents to wager real money on any game of chance on the internet. There are a number of offshore websites that do permit players from this region to place bets on poker, sports and casinos. There is very little information regarding gambling of any kind on the island, therefore, it can be assumed that all forms of gambling are legal. Online gambling, in particular, is unregulated, and based on the government’s laws, locals do not appear to be restricted from accessing offshore sites. For further details, you can view a complete guide to online betting in Saint Barthelemy, here . Saint Kitts and Nevis is a fully independent Commonwealth that has had legalized online and land-based gambling since the implementation of the Betting and Gaming (Control) Act of 1999. In order to obtain a casino license, an operator must own and operate a hotel with at least 200 rooms among other requirements. The license is valid for online gambling as well. However, Saint Kitts and Nevis residents are not accepted at locally licensed sites. The good news is that the government does not go after gamblers there who play at offshore sites. One of the hundreds of online casinos that accept wagers from people in Saint Kitts and Nevis is Mr Green Casino . Online gambling is not regulated in Saint Lucia, however, there is one casino resort there and a few hundred video lottery terminal operated by a consortium called CAGE which is comprised of Aristocrat Gaming, Scientific Games, IGT/GTECH, and Inspire Gaming. The Saint Lucia government does not have a framework in place for licensing or regulating online casinos and none seem to be operating from there. Residents are free to play if they choose to, but the church is very influential and most online players probably keep their activities private. Ignition Casino is one of many offshore gaming sites that accept players from Saint Lucia. Saint Martin is a French overseas collectivity which shares a Caribbean island with the Dutch Sint Maarten, which has been a country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands since 2010. Each portion of the island has its own government and laws. Land casinos operate on the French side as well as the Dutch side of the island. Saint Martin seceded from Guadeloupe, a French overseas territory in 2007, to become a collectivity of France and kept their status as a member of the EU. In short, there are no online casinos licensed there but residents are free to play at offshore sites that accept their deposits such as BetOnline Casino Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is often simply referred to as Saint Vincent as that is the island with the largest population and the seat of government. The government there has the authority to issue land casino and online licenses under the Gambling, Lotteries, and Betting Act. When the International Monetary Fund requested information on licensing details for two casinos formerly licensed there the government was unable to provide any documents. Lottery agents there are not even monitored for compliance with AML/CFT requirements. People of the islands must choose from offshore operators in order to gamble online. One casino that has accepted deposits and paid winners in St. Vincent since 1998 is Slotland . Sint Maarten is a country in the Caribbean that is part of the “Kingdom of the Netherlands”. It comprises the southern half of the island of Saint Martin which is a French overseas collectivity operating under separate laws. Sint Maarten has no regulatory framework in force and does not issue online gaming licenses. It is currently under a moratorium barring it from doing so. Residents there are free to play at overseas casinos including those licensed by their neighbors in Curaçao . Until the omnibus land and online casino bill in Trinidad and Tobago is finally signed into law there is no comprehensive framework for casino regulation in the modern era. As of July 2017, the government doesn't issue licenses for online casino operators, but neither do they prohibit citizens from playing online from there. The government is working hard to capture all of the revenue that is currently going to offshore companies with no obligations to the state coffers. For now, online players in Trinidad and Tobago and can access trusted online sites like All Slots Casino which offers sign-up bonuses and games from major providers like Microgaming and NetEnt. This island country of Turks and Caicos unlike some neighboring countries in the Caribbean have legalized online gambling. Residents in the region can enjoy virtually all forms of gambling ranging from sports to lottery gaming. When not playing at land based casinos enjoy the relaxation of playing from home at popular websites that warmly welcome players from Turks and Caicos . Online casinos were specifically legalized in the U.S. Virgin Islands in 2011. Residents are only allowed to access sites that are licensed there. Online casinos licensed in the U.S. Virgin Islands can only accept wagers from players in countries where online gambling is legal. However, U.S. law is unclear as to what constitutes unlawful internet gambling with the last Justice Department opinion (as of July 2017) stating that federal laws banning internet gambling only apply to sports betting. Many online casinos still accept players from the U.S. Virgin Islands . Casino Poker Bingo Sports Racing Lottery We list every land based casino in the world! Currently, we have about 5,000 land based casinos, pari-mutuel and other established gambling facilities listed in our casino directory. If you want the complete list, see this page: world wide list of casinos . At the World Casino Directory you will find more than just contact information, you will find casino pictures, news, and options to reserve your hotel room right on our site. Our prices are competitive and your business is appreciated. Online Casinos It is important to check with your local officials to make sure that gambling at an online casino is legal in your jurisdiction. Once you know that, please check out some of our trusted online casinos . Casino Listings offer some unique services like online casino jackpots and tournaments tracking. For exclusive no deposit casino bonuses visit Latest Casino Bonuses . Find information about all aspects of slot machine play here . Loading... Load more Load all We have now launched our online poker directory . This was in part to help land based gamblers easily qualify for major poker tournaments online and from home, a trend that is gaining popularity every day. You should also check out our Poker 101 guide in our menu filed under Poker. It was written by Jon Sofen and contains excellent strategy and advice. Loading... Load more Load all We have a few friends in the online bingo industry that are clearly worth mentioning, especially for the United Kingdom and the United States players. First, there is 2 Little Fleas , an incredible UK bingo poker guide, and if your bsaed in the US, check out Latest Bingo Bonuses . Loading... Load more Load all Online sports betting is a growth industry with markets on hundreds of sports events raking in billions around the world. The majority of the betting activity takes place in or around major events such as the football World Cup as well as other sporting showpieces with world-wide interest. Among the leading bookmakers you will find trusted brands like Paddy Power and Bet365 and all leading online sports betting websites will offer free bets as listed at LatestSportsBonuses.com in order to tempt customers into registering with them. Find information about all aspects of slot machine play here: Slot machines, or click here for our gaming resources directory. Loading... Load more Load all Pari-mutuel facilities are available in the U.S. and host events like jai alai, horse racing and greyhound races to bet on. Nearly every state in the U.S. has a lottery. Check in on USA lottery results here . Canada has several lotteries and World Casino Directory has the results daily: You can check the Canadian lottery results here . We offer reviews of many services online that will purchase lottery tickets on your behalf from around the world. Here is a list of the lotteries you can purchase tickets in right now. Top Lottery Sites Play Top World Lotteries Tickets test up to T&C's Apply REVIEW Play up to T&C's Apply Play REVIEW View Details Which Game Do You Prefer the Most? Slots VIEW GAMES Roulette VIEW GAMES Poker VIEW GAMES Blackjack VIEW GAMES Baccarat VIEW GAMES Video Poker VIEW GAMES Keno VIEW GAMES Craps VIEW GAMES MORE RELATED NEWS » Related News There are currently no news regarding this subject. Check out our other online gambling news . Something went wrong. Please try refreshing the page. Related News Newest Land Based Casinos VIEW ALL NEW! Son Of Star Casino Opened January 1st, 2026 White Shield, North Dakota VIEW DETAILS NEW! Lake Eufaula Casino & Hotel Opened December 15th, 2025 Eufaula, Oklahoma VIEW DETAILS NEW! Swiss Casino Winterthur Opened December 12th, 2025 Winterthur, Switzerland VIEW DETAILS NEW! Hard Rock Casino Tejon Opened November 13th, 2025 Mettler, California VIEW DETAILS NEW! The Interim Gaming Hall Opened November 7th, 2025 Norfolk, Virginia VIEW DETAILS NEW! MERKUR Casino Milton Keynes Opened November 1st, 2025 Milton Keynes, England VIEW DETAILS Upcoming Land Based Casinos VIEW ALL NEW! Casino De Saumur Opens March 1st, 2026 Saumur, France VIEW DETAILS NEW! Wynn Al Marjan Island Opens January 1st, 2027 Ras Al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates VIEW DETAILS NEW! Casino Golden Palace Digne-les-Bains Opens May 1st, 2027 Digne-les-Bains, France VIEW DETAILS NEW! Habacoa Yacht Club and Nightclub & Casino Opens June 1st, 2027 South Abaco, Abaco VIEW DETAILS Frequently asked questions My friend believes that many of the Vegas casinos pump oxygen through the air conditioning system to enrich the air. The purpose is to keep you from sleeping as long and therefore gambling more. I didn't notice any difference in my sleeping habits, but still, my friend insists he's right. Is he? Colin, your friend is full of, of, of, OK, I'll be nice, baloney. What comes to mind every time I hear this rumor are the three Apollo astronauts who died when a small spark combined with oxygen ignited their space capsule creating one of NASA's worst disasters. According to my neighbor, Dick (Captain, South San Francisco Fire Department), " pumping oxygen into a casino would be a tremendous fire hazard that would greatly increase the flammability of all other objects. Any small fire, anywhere in the hotel, would be fanned and magnify itself by pumped oxygen. " As for the risk/reward opportunity, no casino would ever entertain the thought . Of course, that doesn't mean the casino doesn't have its share of tricks to part bettors from their cash. Casinos spend tens of thousands of dollars each year studying whether scents, interior design (yes, even that gaudy carpeting) or trying to keep the light off the foreheads of customers-which is draining on them from an energy standpoint-will make players stay and play more. If somehow a casino could figure out how to keep each and every patron playing just five more minutes a night, it would add millions to a casino's gross each year. Now back to this ridiculous rumor of pumping oxygen, Colin. It does have a starting point. I believe ground zero comes from Mario Puzo's book, Fools Die , where the practice of pumping oxygen was written by Puzo regarding the mythical Las Vegas casino Xanadu. I guess your friend translated this fictional work into reality, but hey, Colin, maybe casinos one day will try decreasing the oxygen to disorient the players even more than they already are. Here is a tip your readers might be interested in. When ordering a cocktail in a casino, you might as well order a quality drink. Why get Scoresby when you can order Johnnie Walker Black. Holy befuddled with booze, Batman! Robin’s got it right. Casinos will actually serve you the best call liquor behind the bar, that is, if you ask . But, Robin, if you’re trying to hustle premium drinks versus some hooch from the well to offset your losses at the table, fugedaboutit. A little select spirits might be a good thing, but too much of it and you'll find yourself, not the drink, on the rocks. Besides, they don’t call it chip remover for nothing. I'm about to make my first trip to Las Vegas. Can you give me your favorite King Midas tip that will turn my trip into gold? Why King Midas, Jerome? When I think of King Midas my thoughts turn toward greed. In Ovid's Greek tale, Midas was so greedy he wanted everything he touched to turn to gold. To his delight, his wish came true, and he proceeded to gild everything in sight. But like a rapacious player who wants to win every hand, his fate was tragic in the end. He killed his own beloved daughter with his magical touch. But you probably don't give a hoot about some Roman poet's tale and only want a hot tip for success, so here's my favorite: Only make bets that have less than a two percent house advantage . You didn't mention what type of casino games you prefer, Jerome, so I'll trumpet my favored plays below. All represent wagers that have a house edge of less than two percent. Blackjack: With perfect basic strategy. Video Poker: Again, using perfect basic strategy. Craps: A pass line wager, odds on that pass-line bet and placing the six or eight. Baccarat: The bank or player hand. Slots: Yes, even a cybernetic one-armed bandit can be a good play if it's advertised as a 98 plus percent return machine. Horace once said: " Gold can be slave or master. " So can the wrong casino wager. Every time I chip away (no pun intended) at the casino, they return larger chips than those I'm betting. I get the feeling they want me to cash out and keep what I've just won. Why are they being so polite to a winner? Quite the contrary, Randall. The second you get on a hot streak, casinos prefer pit employees to " change color " or upgrade your chips. No , they're not being courteous, just trying to induce larger play . Because most players don't equate casino chips with real money, it's easy to get caught up in the game and forget what you're actually betting. Treat all chips, won or lost, like Friday's paycheck-your hard-earned money . By showing my driver’s license at our local casino, I get a casino " fun " book. One of the coupons in it is a Match Play coupon for $10. What would you recommend as a bet when using it? Match Play coupons are often found in casino fun books and can often be had by going up to the casino cage and just asking for one. When a player uses a match play coupon with a real " even money " bet, then the match play will be converted to a like amount in cash if the player wins. For example, if the player has a $10 match play coupon and pairs it with a $10 wager in blackjack, and if the player wins, his $10 will win $10 and his match play will be converted to ten real bucks. Win or lose, the match play coupon is then taken out of play. In the event of a push, as often happens in blackjack, the match play coupon stays in play until the bet is resolved. If the player happens to get a blackjack, the coupon is converted to its face value, in your case $10, and not $15. The competition to accompany the match play coupon with your hard-earned cash should be limited to wagers that have less than a two percent house edge . My favorite would be one hand of blackjack , but you wouldn't go wrong with a bank or player hand in baccarat , or a pass line bet or placing the six or eight in craps . Each of these bets has less than a 1.5% casino advantage, which makes the true value of a match play coupon slightly less than half of its face value since the probability of winning any of them is also less than half. Casino Windsor has high table minimums and low table maximums. Is this a player advantage? Quite the contrary, Danny. It's a huge advantage for the casino, and here's why . Casinos win for two reasons. First, a statistical edge (percentage advantage) on each and every game, and second, they have a whole lot more cash and staying power than you do. For the latter, it's a simple concept called " gambler's ruin ." In essence, it's how long will it take you with your limited bankroll to lose everything to a casino, which has a relatively infinite wad of cash. So even if you do have a short-term winning streak, Danny, when the house has this infinite stake, they can, and will, always outlast you. Now to your situation playing the high minimums/low maximums limits. When you have a casino with a competition-free monopoly, you tend to find table limits that, in my humble opinion, border on larceny. This scenario eliminates low-stakes betting (high minimums); plus, the ability to parlay your winnings by increasing your bets (low maximums) is removed. Unfortunately, when you play under these conditions, depletion of a low roller's bankroll in a matter of minutes is not uncommon. So the long and short of it is this, Danny. Avoid playing high minimums/low maximums table limits like the plague! If I were to hit $1 million on a progressive quarter slot machine, will they pay me all at once? Forget borrowing Uncle Fred's three-quarter-ton pickup truck to haul off 42,000 pounds of quarters. Look at the machine closely, Dave. A sign placed inconspicuously on the machine will read something like "Progressive Jackpot paid in 25 equal installments. First installment paid upon validation of win" . One exception is a statewide progressive machine in Nevada, and other locations, called "Cool Millions" . Bet 3 bucks, line up 3 ducks, and you win "the first million" instantly . Now if you get your ducks in line, Dave, make them pay you in $100 bills. They will weigh only twenty and a half pounds. How come I always lose when I'm drinking with my buddies vs. sober and winning by myself? Casinos are fundamentally democratic institutions where all are welcome, united in the brotherhood (and sisterhood) of losing. Free drinks ( chip remover ) which have always been part of the casino ambiance, speed up the process. Then there's Brad, gambling with friends, raised testosterone, elevated male bravado and sipping hooch, not for pleasure but gulping for effect. What do you expect, Bradley? I'll tell you: the demise of a normally sensible gambler! All bets are off on the quality of your play, Brad, when influenced by any intoxicating beverage. I witnessed something amusing recently in a casino, someone sprinkling salt all over a slot machine. Did she really think this would bring her luck? By sprinkling salt, this superstitious gambler was trying to make the machine pay off by using salt's association with money. It comes from ancient times when workers were paid with salt, called "salarium" . We know that word today as salary. Now my own personal feelings about (a) luck and (b) superstition. When it comes to the goddess " Lady Luck ", I'm an atheist. Smart wagers bring luck! I have a saying, Edith, if you will: " The smarter you play, the luckier you will be. " Salt to me has more value disguising my own cooking, not showering a machine with it All casinos have slot machines, blackjack tables, etc. Is there a difference between casino A, B and C? PLENTY , Michelle! My goal as a player-advocate columnist is to develop players who can identify beneficial gaming situations, not only the bets you make in a casino but the casinos themselves. So are all casinos the same? No , the correct answer is this: No two casinos are alike. Some are good, and some, well let me describe the differences: The Good: Though more come to mind, I'll give you two examples: the Club Cal Neva in Reno and Binions Gambling Hall in Las Vegas . Here's what they offer their cherished players, that's you and me, Michelle. Besides some of the cheapest food prices 99¢ breakfasts and $3.99 steak dinner, they offer great gaming plays like 25¢ crap games with up to 10 times odds, single-deck blackjack with liberal rules, single-zero roulette, excellent video poker pay tables, loads of loose nickel and quarter machines and comps just for breathing. These casinos, the ones that treat you like a treasured commodity and are always trying to increase buyer value, are casinos I hope you, Michelle, will migrate to. The Bad: Quite possibly, this is the casino you normally play in. Gouging table limits on the weekends; tough getting comps (stale popcorn and lucky dogs don't cut it); poor pay tables on video poker machines; and tight slots. Basically, they put out games for your convenience and count their money. Plus, the practice of my #1 rule of casino management, who's the boss, you the customer, is limited. If your favorite casino has any of the above symptoms, maybe it's time to change. The Ugly: Casino Windsor . Knowing full well they have the only game in town, Detroiters who cross the river to Canada-and all players for that matter-are being ripped off, big time! For starters, charging $40 for valet parking and instant admission versus parking two blocks away and waiting up to two hours to get in is absurd. Hopefully, that has changed. But I'm just warming up. They opened with $15 table minimums/$200 maximums-which can deplete a modest bankroll in mere minutes; zero nickel, very limited quarter and mostly dollar slots; and very poor pay tables on video poker machines equaling what you would find in airports and grocery stores. Finally the triple whammy: I found food service at the buffet slow, quality only fair, and prices high. Unequivocally, two thumbs down on Casino Windsor. But even I get the worst of it once in a while, Michelle. After spending the day lounging poolside at the Mirage Hotel/Casino in Las Vegas , my friends and I decided instead of watching a sporting event in their sports book-we were just too tired (lazy) to leave the room-that some beer and a few snacks in our room would do the trick. We each threw in a few bucks and sent our runner (scissors cuts paper) down to a convenience store called " Impulse " in the Mirage Hotel. Noting here that all the " buyer impulse " merchandise we purchased wasn't priced, the cost of two six-packs, one small package of Jerky, and two eight-ounce boxes of Cheese Nips: $29.43! Thought I would pass along my lesson learned to you. So, Michelle, the key here is shopping for value, not only on your bet selection but learning to shop casinos. Warren Nelson, the owner of the Club Cal Neva in Reno, has lived by a simple principle most of his career: " Give the players the best bet (lowest odds for the house) that you can while still making a profit, and they will play longer, leave satisfied and come back bringing their friends. " I applaud his sound reasoning and, Michelle, that's the kind of casino where you should play. I like to plunk down bets on the " Big 6 ", that carnival-type wheel you will find in most casinos. What are the house odds on that game? You do realize, Gary, that you plunk and the dealer snatches. All six wagers on the Big 6 carry a steep house edge. That casino advantage is as follows: 11.1 percent on the $1 spot, 16.6% on the $2, 22.2% on the $5, 18.5% on the $10, 22.2% on the $20, and 24% on either joker. By betting a steady diet of Big 6 wagers, Gary, you will run out of airspeed and altitude quickly. I very much enjoy your helpful hints on casino gambling in your columns, but I'm curious, what's the best advice you've ever heard preached? In the casino business, the best admonition to get ahead is " Never make suggestions. " As for a gambling nugget, the following voice of reason caught my attention while I was walking down the Strip in Las Vegas. A panhandler approached and asked if I had any loose change so he could buy a hot dog. Unfortunately, spare change doesn't exist in Las Vegas. Strategically positioned slot machines allow you to travel light. But I guess I'm an easy mark for a hot dog story so I gave him a nickel chip-casino talk for $5-that I had in my coat pocket. After his gratitude for my allowing him to bump up into buffet dining, or whatever, he shared some of his best gaming wisdom. " Go downtown to Binion's and make a pass line bet and take those 10 times odds. It's one of the best bets in the house, " he said. Guess what, Ned? He's right on. The house advantage on this wager is .018%. Those multiple odds he was talking about- zero casino advantage. It's the line bet where the casino enjoys its slight edge. And I mean slight. Expected mathematical loss on a $1 line bet with $10 odds, about 4¢. But we can combat that too, Ned. Throw in a few free drinks and pry a breakfast out of a floorman, you're getting to the point where they're paying you to play. Yes, advice comes from the funniest places. My brother likes to play single deck blackjack games, while I enjoy a casino that offers a decent buffet and a cocktail waitress that comes to the keno lounge more than once an hour. So, we cannot always gamble in the same casino. I probably already know what you will say, but what in your opinion of what makes " the best " casino? I am appealing to your love of the buffet. Granted, Jack, I have my favorite buffet stops across the American casino landscape, but that doesn't necessarily mean a superior feeding-frenzy-forum equals " the best " casino. It is no secret that casinos have a mathematical edge over players on all their games . This fact alone makes it tough for players to win. The higher the casino's edge, the lower the chances the player will end up a winner. With the casino enjoying this mathematical advantage over the player, the key to " the best " is to know where to play, which games offer the best chance at winning, and learn how to beat them. You should judge a casino " the best " if its gaming rules maximize a player's chance of winning. Consider this Starving Player's Checklist: single versus double zeros on a roulette table; blackjack dealt from a single deck with liberal rules like doubling on anything, re-splitting and surrender; a crap game with five or ten times odds in lieu of two-times odds; 9/6 video poker machines; a mini-baccarat table with low limits; casinos that advertise 98.5% paybacks on their slot machines, and then tell you which machines those are when you ask. Besides, Jack, my New Years Resolution (authored by my wife) was to avoid the buffet chow lines, but not a decent-paying video poker machine I was reading one of your columns in which you mentioned ' scared money '. I'm new to gambling and wondered what this term means. It's June 1 and your rent is due. With insufficient capital to pay your landlord, you decide to gamble, erroneously believing you can chase down luck. That's scared money! Which leads me to give any gambler this sagacious advice: Only bet what you can afford to lose. Money for rent, car payments or any of life's necessities has no place in a casino. Top Online Casinos in Luxury Casino T&C's Apply Online Casino News Korea, Republic Of        Featured Casinos T&C's Apply up to Play Loading... Online casinos Accepting USA Players Slots Casinos Live Dealer Mobile casinos iPhone Android Online Casino Information Games Language Currency Software Jurisdictions Payment Methods Owners Certifications © 2003-
                            2026                                All rights reserved. | About us | Contact us | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Other gaming resources | Gambling age chart WORLD CASINO DEPOSITORY About us Contact us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © 2003-
                                        2026                                            E3WD Inc. All rights reserved. Useful links Other gaming resources Gambling age chart Please note There are thousands of jurisdictions worldwide with access to the internet. It is your responsibility to determine whether it is legal for you to place a wager in the jurisdiction in which you are located based on local regulatory and age restrictions. World Casino Directory is an independent information provider and does not process any money. The links on our site are for entertainment and informational purposes only.                                                Accuracy is intended but is not guaranteed. Play responsibly Know when to stop before you start. If you think you or someone you know may have a problem with gambling, visit GamCare for support. © 2003-
                2026                    All rights reserved.