International Money Transfer - Send Money Online | WorldRemit Help Currency Converter Download App Fast, flexible and secure money transfers Fast, flexible and secure international money transfers across the world. Save time and money when you send money internationally with us. Great 82,565+ reviews This is an added security measure to keep your information safe. Click and hold to help us verify you. You send KRW They get PHP Receive method Receive method Fee Transfer time Total to pay Send Money Ways to send money internationally The cost and speed of a money transfer depends on the receiving country, the receive method as well as how it is paid for. Currently, there are a maximum of four different receive methods available on WorldRemit. Airtime top up Top up credit for a pre-paid mobile phone number with no extra fees. Learn more Bank transfer Send money directly to a bank account. All you need are your receiver's details. Learn more Cash pickup Send money to be collected in cash by your receiver at any of our pickup locations. Learn more Mobile money Instant transfer to your receiver's registered mobile money account number. Learn more How to transfer money internationally? Create an account This is simple. Just sign up using your email address on our app or website. And keep things secure by choosing a strong password. We’ll verify your details For even better security, we’ll verify who you are. But this should only take a few minutes. Start your transfer Select the receive country and method, and enter the amount you want to send. Our fees and exchange rates are shown upfront. Enter your receiver’s details Have your receiver’s details to hand. These may vary depending on how you’re sending them the money. Pay for your transfer Choose how you’d like to pay for your transfer: bank deposit, credit or debit card. Payment methods for international transfers We offer you a choice of ways to pay for your money transfers. But the choice will depend on where you're sending your money from. Please remember, that credit card payments may incur a fee from your credit card issuer, which may affect the received amount Bank deposit You can pay for your transfer using bank transfer. Learn more Debit card Paying with Debit Card is quick and easy. It's also cheaper than a credit card. Learn more Credit card Credit card issuers may charge an advance payment fee. Learn more How much does it cost to send money internationally? We consistently look for ways to keep transfer costs low, so that you send as much of your hard-earned money as possible. We're on average 46% cheaper than most banks. There are no hidden fees. You'll see all our fees upfront. Our currency converter shows you the exchange rates, and once you select your receive method and delivery partner, you'll see the total amount your receiver will get. Your money is safe in our hands We are licensed by government regulators around the world, so you can be sure we meet the highest possible security and compliance standards. ​ Australia ​ WorldRemit Pty Ltd is Authorised and Regulated by the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre. Registration number: IND100272713-001 Where can you send money with WorldRemit? Popular countries Ghana India Kenya Albania Argentina Bangladesh Barbados Benin Bolivia Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chile China Colombia Congo DRC Congo-Brazzaville Costa Rica Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Ethiopia Fiji Gambia Grenada Guatemala Guinea Bissau Guinea-Conakry Haiti Indonesia Ivory Coast Jamaica Laos Liberia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Mali Mexico Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Nepal Netherlands Antilles Niger Nigeria Pakistan Paraguay Peru Philippines Puerto Rico Rwanda Senegal South Africa Sri Lanka St Kitts and Nevis St Lucia St Vincent Grenadines Suriname Tanzania Thailand Tunisia Turkey Turks and Caicos Uganda Uruguay Vietnam Zambia Zimbabwe View all countries A fast and secure way to send money on the go Download our app for free to send money online in minutes to over 130 other countries. Track your payments and view your transfer history from anywhere. We will be there for you every step of the way 24/7! Our app chat support is available 24/7 in 6 different languages to help you with anything you need. What information do I need to send money abroad? You need to register with WorldRemit to send an international money transfer. You can access the WorldRemit app on your Android or iOS phone. We'll need the following details: Personal details. Sign up with your full name, email address, mobile phone number, gender, birth date and address. Transfer details. Choose the amount you want to send abroad, select how your receiver wants to get the money, and lastly, how you want to pay. You will always see our fees upfront, the final amount you will pay, and the exact amount your receiver will get. Receiver details. Based on the receive method, we need specific details of your receiver abroad. The receiver's full name, mobile number and email address are always required to send money. Your receiver does not need to have a WorldRemit account. Payment details. You will need a bank account, a debit card or a credit card to send money abroad. What are the benefits of sending money online with WorldRemit? Over 8 million customers use WorldRemit to send and receive money across the world. We offer up to four receive methods worldwide and are always fast, secure and easy to use. Every transfer with us is covered by our stringent security checks. WorldRemit is authorised and regulated by the FCA in the United Kingdom. What verification do I need to send an international transfer? We'll verify your mobile phone number with an OTP. You may be required to provide ID proof and a selfie image to verify your identity. Identity verification takes up to 4 minutes at least 90% of the time. In case of a delay, we'll contact you instantly. How much money can I send abroad? The amount you can send depends on the country you are sending money to. It may also vary depending on the receive method, as well as local regulations. How long does an online money transfer take? In most cases, money transfers sent using WorldRemit will arrive within minutes. You will see the expected delivery time before you make a payment. We aim to complete transfers within the suggested time, but some transfers may take longer depending on the receive method. How do I track my WorldRemit transfer? After sending money back home, you can quickly start tracking it every step of the way. We'll send you a notification with all your transfer details instantly. You can also use the app to check on previous transfers. If you have sent money within the last hour, please wait for confirmation that it has arrived. Visit our FAQs Homepage Send money online Send money to Nigeria Send money to the Philippines Send money to India Send money to Zimbabwe Send money to Ghana Send money to Colombia Send money to Morocco Send money to Ethiopia Send money to Kenya Company How it works Mobile apps About us Careers - We're hiring! News Blog Reviews Partners & affiliates Help & Resources FAQ Cash pickup Bank transfer Mobile money Airtime top up Contact us Security Legal Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Customer acceptance Modern slavery statement Financial statements Gender pay gap Keeping your money safe Sitemap Choose your Region International International English Countries Australia Canada English Canada Français Denmark France Germany Malaysia Netherlands New Zealand Spain Sweden United Kingdom United States English United States Español WorldRemit Belgium, Rue du Commerce 31 1000 Brussels, Belgium .
RPM /RPR Brussels – VAT: BE0718.634.495. WorldRemit Belgium is authorised and regulated by the National Bank of Belgium (NBB) Belgian Law on Payment Institutions of 11 March 2018. Registration number: 718634495. © WorldRemit 2024