Give gifts that grow | World Vision Skip to content Stay on U.S. site Toggle Mobile Nav Basket (0) Donor 's My My World Vision (Log In) Welcome, Donor Donor 's My World Vision (Log In) Log In Sign Up My Account My Profile My Giving History My Payment Information My Commitments My Impact My Sponsored Children Email My Child Write Letter Messaging Center Community Hub Resources & FAQ's Not Donor ? Log out Home Search Submit Donate Sponsor a Child Gift Catalog About Us Our Work Ways to Help News & Stories Partnerships Churches Schools Corporations Make a tax-deductible gift before the year ends Give by 8:59 p.m. PT/11:59 p.m. ET on December 31, 2025, for your tax-deductible receipt. Help provide essentials like clean water, a full belly, and a safe home. Every 60 seconds a family gets water, a hungry child is fed, and a family gets the tools to overcome poverty. Every 60 seconds a family gets water, a hungry child is fed, and a family gets the tools to overcome poverty. Three ways to give gifts that grow Handcrafted gifts Choose a handcrafted treasure — some featured by our partners Melissa Joan Hart, Erica Campbell, and Tammy Franklin — for yourself or a loved one. Your donation will go to the World Vision Fund to help equip children and families to thrive. Shop now → Essential gifts Give life-changing gifts that grow in impact, like access to clean water, goats, chickens, healthcare, education, or economic opportunities. Shop now → Monthly gifts Donate monthly to support all the ways World Vision works with children and families to recover from crises, lift themselves out of poverty, and experience lasting change. Donate now → See how your gift grows in impact Empower children and families to lift themselves out of poverty. Goats and chickens World Vision Fund Hunger Relief Fund Gifts like goats and chickens can make a bigger impact than you may expect. When you gift a goat and 2 chickens, you’re helping equip families to break the cycle of poverty and transform lives for generations! Select sector icon to learn more. Nutrition A healthy dairy goat can produce up to 16 cups of milk a day. Goat milk is easy to digest and is an excellent source of calcium, protein, and other essential nutrients. GIVE GOATS & CHICKENS When you give to the World Vision Fund, you’ll help meet critical needs both today and tomorrow — equipping and empowering generations to rise above poverty and build futures once thought unimaginable. Select sector icon to learn more. Clean water We’re the leading nongovernmental provider of clean water in the developing world. Since 2011, World Vision has reached 37.5 million people with lasting access to clean water. DONATE NOW The largest global food crisis in modern history has left an estimated 45 million children with acute malnutrition. Thanks to donor contributions, combined with grants, every $1 you donate to the Hunger Relief Fund delivers $12 in impact. Select sector icon to learn more. Emergency food assistance Help deliver essential food aid to children and families in times of crisis. GIVE NOW DEVOTIONAL God’s miracles with our choices: A 4-part devotion Reflect on stories from the Bible that show how people’s seemingly small actions led to great impact in the hands of the Miracle Worker. READ NOW Hi, we’re World Vision! We have over 75 years of experience working with communities, donors, partners, and governments to create opportunities for better futures for vulnerable children … even in the toughest places . Keeping costs down In 2024, 87% of World Vision’s total operating expenses were used for programs that benefit children, families, and communities in need. Uprooting poverty Our integrated approach includes water, healthcare, education, child protection, and income generation, so every child can grow into who God created them to be. Abiding in Jesus We serve alongside the poor and oppressed as a demonstration of God’s unconditional love for all people. World Vision serves every child we can, of any faith or none. News & Stories From the Field Winter 2025 magazine As World Vision marks 75 years of walking alongside children and families, this digital magazine winter edition celebrates what God has done so far. You’ll meet children growing into their dreams, families planting seeds of change, and communities rising together. These stories honor God’s faithfulness and love that continues to reach across generations and around the world. Magazine From the Field 12 top disasters of 2025 In 2025, tens of millions of people worldwide faced extreme challenges. Wildfires and hurricanes devastated communities, earthquakes destroyed villages, and wars and conflict intensified  hunger and poverty, with children bearing the brunt. Learn about the 12 top disasters, their global impact, and how World Vision is making a difference in vulnerable communities. Disaster Relief Democratic Republic of the Congo Haiti Jamaica Myanmar Philippines Sri Lanka Sudan Venezuela Viet Nam Africa Latin America/Caribbean Middle East Ukraine From the Field Bonded by disaster: How an American pastor encouraged a Jamaican pastor after Hurricane Melissa In the aftermath of Category 5 Hurricane Melissa, World Vision’s Pastor Ambassadors program is providing spiritual nurture to pastors impacted by the storm in Jamaica as they work to help their communities recover. Disaster Relief Jamaica From the Field 25 memorable moments from 2025 In 2025, millions of lives were upended by war, disasters, and hunger. As World Vision responded, we witnessed courage and resilient hope in the midst of hardship. Read as photographers from World Vision’s U.S. office share particular moments and photos that moved them. Blog Chad Bangladesh Ethiopia Ghana Guatemala Honduras Sudan United States World Vision Financial Accountability 9% Fundraising + 4% Management 87% Programs In 2024, 87% of World Vision's total operating expenses were used for programs that benefit children, families, and communities in need. Learn More Donate About Us Media Center News & Stories My World Vision (Sign In) My Basket Careers Site Map Change Country/Region World Vision International REPORT A CONCERN 한국어 中文 Back to Top Connect 1.888.511.6548 World Vision P.O. Box 9716 Federal Way, WA 98063 Contact us Follow Featured Sponsorships: Africa Girls Boys Select a child for me We are proud to be reviewed and held accountable by these independent third-party organizations: Charity Navigator Better Business Bureau Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability Candid CharityWatch World Vision Inc. is a registered 501(c)3 nonprofit organization. All donations are tax deductible in full or in part. Security Privacy Notice Terms of Use SMS Terms of Service © 2025 World Vision, Inc.  All rights reserved.