World Cube Association Information About the WCA WCA Documents WCA Officers & Board WCA Delegates Teams and Committees Regional Organizations Translators Frequently Asked Questions Educational resources Contact Speedcubing History Media Submission Privacy Disclaimer Tools Logo Competitions All My Competitions Results Rankings Records Persons Statistics Multimedia Results Export Developer Export Regulations About the Regulations Regulations Scrambles Incidents log Disciplinary log History Translations Find us Instagram Facebook Twitter Twitch Weibo YouTube Forum WCA Live English English Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Esperanto Español (España) Español (América Latina) Euskara Suomi Français Français Canadien Hrvatski Magyar Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 Қазақша 한국어 Nederlands Polski Português Europeu Português Brasileiro Română Русский Slovenský Slovensko Svenska ภาษาไทย Українська Tiếng Việt 简体中文 繁體中文 Sign in Sign in Sign up Didn't receive confirmation instructions? Welcome to the World Cube Association About us The World Cube Association governs competitions for mechanical puzzles that are operated by twisting groups of pieces, commonly known as 'twisty puzzles'. Learn more Competitions Find out about competitions near you or competition results. At a competition now and want to see the results? Check out WCA Live ! Learn more Merchandise Check out our newly launched official merchandise which includes a selection of apparels ranging from T-shirts to Hoodies. Link to shop Records Check out the current and past records of all official WCA events. Learn more FAQ Take a look at our list of Frequently Asked Questions if you need help with anything. Many questions you have might have an answer there. Learn more Latest news Call for Applicants – WCA Quality Assurance Committee Members (December 2025) Announced by Joanne Chew on Dear WCA Community, The WCA Quality Assurance Committee (WQAC) is excited to welcome new members! Joining the WQAC is a great way to get started as a new WCA Volunteer, or to explore new ways to contribute to the WCA Community if you are already a WCA Volunteer. You do not need to hold any current position within the WCA to apply. We value different perspectives and experiences, and we’d love for you to join us! Information for applicants is below: Learn more Announcements See all announcements Contact If you wish to contact us, you can do so through our contact form. If you have any questions about the different processes of the WCA, make sure to go through our Frequently Asked Questions ! Take me to the WCA Contact form Support the WCA The World Cube Association is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization. As a 100% volunteer-led nonprofit, we welcome your donations to help us further our Purpose of empowering the global speedcubing community and upholding a fun and fair competitive environment for all. Learn more about how you can support the WCA About us FAQ Contact GitHub Privacy Disclaimer Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. OK