Home | World Press Photo Donate now Calendar Collection 2025 Contest Archive 1955 - 2025 Contest Exhibitions Education Programs Visual Literacy Research Publication About us News Yearbook Online magazine Support us 2026 Contest now open for entries Enter the 2026 Contest Entries to the 2026 World Press Photo Contest are now open. The contest welcome entries portraying spot news, sports, nature, and social, political and environmental issues and solutions, and more. Enter now . Suspension of authorship attribution Since 1972, the photograph The Terror of War has been attributed to Associated Press photographer Nick Út. However, recent research has placed this long-standing attribution in serious doubt. Read more. Our 70th Anniversary 2025 marks World Press Photo’s 70th anniversary! To celebrate this special occasion, we have several upcoming activities, including a 70-year anniversary exhibition titled 'What Have We Done?'. Read more. 2025 Joop Swart Masterclass The online mentorship phase of the 2025 Joop Swart Masterclass is now over, and the group will soon come together in Amsterdam for an intensive week of workshops, visits, and talks . Find out more. Calendar Find an exhibition or event near you. Collection See the complete collection of prize-winning photos and stories. Host an exhibition in your city Exhibiting the stories that matter in over 60 cities each year. Activities Through our education programs, the World Press Photo Foundation encourages diverse accounts of the world that present stories with different perspectives. Go to Education Our exhibitions showcase stories that make people stop, feel, think and act to a worldwide audience. Go to Exhibitions Our annual contest recognizes and rewards the best in photojournalism and documentary photography. Go to Contest We use cookies to analyse the use of our website, identify individual preferences after obtaining your explicit consent, and enhance your user experience. By agreeing, you are giving us consent to set cookies and accept our Cookie Policy . I agree Decline Connecting the world to the stories that matter Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Get the latest on our activities Sign up for the newsletter Support World Press Photo Make a donation Contact Impact Legal Partners Media center