Landroid robot lawnmower by Worx | Worx Landroid Robot lawn mowers Options Accessories Technology Why landroid Options Landroid in figures Support Register your product Garden tools Chainsaws and Pruners Grass trimmers Hedge trimmers Robot lawn mowers Lawn mowers Pressure washers Other garden tools Leaf blowers and vacuums Support Register your product Power tools Angle grinders Sanders Drills and Screwdrivers Reciprocating saws Drivers and Wrenches Circular saws Jigsaws Sliding miter saws Nail and Staple guns Oscillating tools Crafting tools LED lights Other power tools Vacuum cleaners Support Register your product Powershare Chargers Battery and charger kit Batteries Support Register your product Support Contact us Landroid Back Explore Products Vision technology Boundary wire technology Why landroid Options Magazine Support Register your product Garden tools Back Explore Products Magazine Support Register your product Power tools Back Explore Products Support Register your product PowerShare Back Explore Products Register your product Magazine Support Back Register your tools Register your product Support for tools Support for Landroid Back All products Drills and Screwdrivers (20) Drivers and Wrenches (6) Circular saws (6) Reciprocating saws (4) Jigsaws (6) Sliding miter saws (1) Sanders (3) Angle grinders (7) Nail and Staple guns (4) Oscillating tools (2) Crafting tools (6) LED lights (1) Vacuum cleaners (3) Other power tools (10) Back All products Robot lawn mowers (14) Options (8) Accessories (18) Back All products Batteries (6) Chargers (5) Battery and charger kit (3) Back All products Robot lawn mowers (14) Lawn mowers (8) Grass trimmers (17) Hedge trimmers (13) Leaf blowers and vacuums (13) Chainsaws and Pruners (15) Pressure washers (4) Other garden tools (6) Toggle navigation Vision technology Boundary wire technology Why Landroid Options Products With or without wire. That is the question. Landroid Classic Landroid Classic is your time-tested, budget-friendly choice with boundary wire. I play it safe Landroid Vision Landroid Vision AI needs no wire, nor setup. It uses advanced AI to mow straight out of the box. I geek out on AI Robot mowing is about to change ’Til now, you had to lay down a boundary wire to prevent the robot from escaping the lawn. Vision combines a HDR camera with AI smarts to stay inside and do the mowing. We gave Landroid the gift of sight It can now see the grass it’s meant to manicure. And anything else, so that it doesn’t crash into obstacles, fall into ponds, nor harm animals and humans. Dig it further Landroid vs. Landroid Landroid vs. Landroid Classic or Vision? Every technology has its unique benefits and trade-offs. Discover which Landroid is the perfect match for your lawn. Dive into our guide Is Worx Landroid the best robot mower money can buy? Efficient Gets the job done faster than conventional robot mowers* Uniquely configurable Customize your robot mower with optional modules Glides through hard-to-reach areas Navigates narrow passages with no need for guide wires Always up to date Constantly improves via automatic software updates Cutting edge Mows close to the border, so you don’t have to * Compared to random navigation robot mowers intended for similar lawn sizes To many homeowners it is. Europe’s best seller. Again. For the fourth year in a row, Worx Landroid M500 sold more than any other robot mower in the home improvement retail channel. Learn more Make Landroid your Landroid No lawn is alike. With the Worx Landroid, there are four unique options to cater to your lawn’s individual requirements. Explore options In case you want more The Plus models come with a self-leveling blade deck, control dial interface, washable underbody and Bluetooth. Since we were not content with that, we also reduced the noise emission. Protect Wildlife Hedgehogs are nocturnal animals that only come out of their shelters at night. With the Save the Hedgehogs feature on our app, Landroid only works when hedgehogs are sleeping, and sleeps when they are active. The daytime schedule automatically adapts according to latitude and time of the year. Learn more Explore the range Whether your lawn is small or large, simple or complex, there’s a Landroid for you. Explore the models and available options to build the perfect solution for your needs. The 2025 range Taking care of the garden means much more than just keeping it tidy. We’re collaborating with experts to give you advice on how to get the most out of your outdoor space. Stay tuned… Discover more Landroid Explore Products Garden Tools Explore Products Power Tools Explore Products Support Register your tools Register your Landroid Support for tools Support for Landroid Languages Europe Portugal France Österreich Deutschland Sverige España Danmark Italia Nederland Norge Svizzera Belgique Suisse Schweiz België Choose your region Worx Americas Canada United States Worx Asia 中国 日本語 Worx Oceania Australia Worx Europe Europe Portugal France Österreich Deutschland Sverige España Danmark Italia Nederland Norge Svizzera Belgique Suisse Schweiz België © 2023 Positec Germany GmbH, Worx® and Landroid® are registered trademarks of the Positec Group EU Data Act / Privacy policy / Cookie policy / Legal notice / Warranty Statement