Veterans Charity - Non Profit Organization for Veterans Skip to main content Skip to footer content Disable Autoplay For Sliders Empowering post-9/11 veterans, service members, and their families to thrive, as we honor 250 years of America. Learn More Contact Us Español Who We Are Careers Locations Meet a Warrior Meet Our Supporters Warrior Survey Warriors Speak Warriors and Families How We Help Adaptive Sports Alumni Connection Program Benefits Services Community Partners Family Support Financial Readiness Government Affairs Independence Program International Support Mental Wellness WWP Peer Support Groups Physical Health & Wellness Project Odyssey Soldier Ride Warrior Care Network Warriors to Work WWP Resource Center WWP Talk Get Involved Fundraising Events Corporate Opportunities Carry Forward 5K Attend a Signature Event Support Our Partners Ways to Give Make a Donation Memorial & Honor Gifts Monthly Giving Leave a Legacy Donor Advised Funds Donate a Vehicle Corporate Giving Give at Work Foundation Giving Newsroom Shop Join Donate Who We Are Careers Locations Meet a Warrior Meet Our Supporters Warrior Survey Warriors Speak Warriors and Families How We Help Adaptive Sports Alumni Connection Program Benefits Services Community Partners Family Support Financial Readiness Government Affairs Independence Program International Support Mental Wellness WWP Peer Support Groups Physical Health & Wellness Project Odyssey Soldier Ride Warrior Care Network Warriors to Work WWP Resource Center WWP Talk Get Involved Fundraising Events Corporate Opportunities Carry Forward 5K Attend a Signature Event Support Our Partners Ways to Give Make a Donation Memorial & Honor Gifts Monthly Giving Leave a Legacy Donor Advised Funds Donate a Vehicle Corporate Giving Give at Work Foundation Giving Newsroom Shop Contact Us Español Join Donate Slide 1: Don’t Wait! Double Your Year-end Gift Now Slide 2: Support. Connection. Strength. Slide 3: Donate a Vehicle to Fuel Our Mission Slide 4: Find Purpose, Connection, and Healing Slide 5: Wounded Warrior Project's Impact Don’t Wait! Double Your Year-end Gift Now $300,000 match goal: Deadline 12/31. Double your impact Support. Connection. Strength. WWP Peer Support Groups offer a place to connect, share, and grow stronger together. Join a community that understands you, connects with you, and supports you every step of the way. Learn more Donate a Vehicle to Fuel Our Mission Your unwanted car, truck, motorcycle, or boat can help drive healing and hope for those who have served. It’s fast, easy, and tax-deductible. Learn more Find Purpose, Connection, and Healing "I got my life back." Join now Wounded Warrior Project's Impact As a nonprofit organization for veterans, WWP has tirelessly advocated for warriors and their families since 2003. Read More Empowering Veterans Through Programs, Services, and Advocacy Wounded Warrior Project ® (WWP) is the nation’s leading veterans service organization, dedicated to the total well-being of post-9/11 wounded, ill, or injured veterans and their families. From mental health and physical wellness to VA benefits assistance , peer support , and more, we’re changing the way our nation cares for veterans and helping them thrive for a lifetime. Start Your Journey Find Your Community See The Difference “If I can be a part of an organization that helps people heal and find peace, then the end of my service is not the end. I’m just serving in a new way now.” Wounded Warrior Taniki Richard MAKE AN IMPACT By donating , fundraising , or spreading the word , you can help warriors get back on track and become a positive force in their communities. Donate We can’t empower warriors without you. Support those who served us with a one-time or monthly donation. Fundraise Host or participate in a fundraising initiative to help warriors recover and transition back into civilian life. Share Help raise awareness by sharing inspirational stories with your friends on social media. WHAT'S NEW AT WWP Previous Slide Next Slide A New Arrangement of Taps: Composer Julie Giroux’s Patriotic Tribute to Generations of Service When award-winning composer Julie Giroux sits down to write music, she thinks about people – their stories, their sacrifices, and the emotions that connect us. For Julie, those ties run especially deep. She comes from a long line of proud service members whose dedication shaped her earliest understanding of patriotism. Read more Wounded Warrior Project Shares Financial Wellness Tips for Veterans According to the Warrior Survey* from Wounded Warrior Project ® (WWP), more than 4 in 6 (67%) of registered warriors reported having difficulty making ends meet in the last 12 months. The most common reasons for financial strain included the increased cost of goods and unexpected financial hardships. Read more How Writing Helps Warriors Heal Healing takes time. Wounded Warrior Project ® (WWP) recognizes this and encourages small, steady habits that build mental resilience. One of the simplest, yet most powerful tools warriors can use is writing. Read more Warriors Doing Hard Things WWP is proud to celebrate warriors who are embarking on physical, mental, and financial feats of strength to thrive in life. Warriors Doing Hard Things, presented by Mojo Energy Pouches, highlights amazing warrior stories of courage and resilience. Read more Why Giving Back Matters: Veterans Supporting Veteran The image of one warrior carrying another is more than just a logo to the many veterans served by Wounded Warrior Project ® (WWP). While the symbol represents a commitment to the sacrifices veterans have made, it is also a reminder to warriors that they are never truly alone. Strength grows when they carry one another forward. Read more “Wounded Warrior Project doesn’t just help with one aspect of a Warrior’s life; it’s very well rounded. It’s not just handing out money. They are a hand up, not a handout.” Wounded Warrior Sean Karpf GET INVOLVED WITH WWP Sign up for our email newsletter and get the latest info on events, fundraisers and ways to make an impact. SIGN UP 877.TEAM.WWP (832.6997) Stay Informed Newsroom Mental Health Suicide Prevention Toxic Exposure Women Warriors Initiative About Us Board of Directors Leadership Careers Contact Us Financials FAQs Protect Yourself From Fraud Support Live Chat Donate Now WWPShop.org Support Our Partners Partners 4899 Belfort Road Suite 300 Jacksonville, FL 32256 Connect With Us © 2025 Wounded Warrior Project Privacy Policy Terms of Use State Notices Sitemap Wounded Warrior Project ® is a tax-exempt 501(C)(3) nonprofit organization CFC #11425 Live Chat