WOWT | Nebraska Breaking News, Weather, Sports | Omaha, NE Skip to content We are Local Omaha Everyday Advertise With Us Heartland Heroes Sketch the Sky LIVE News Streaming First Alert 6 Weather 24/7 Weather We the People Sports on 6 Contact Us News Tips Home News Get the First Alert News App Crime & Public Safety Domestic Violence Education Forecast Health International National Regional Sports State We the People 24/7 Weather First Alert 6 Traffic Live traffic updates First Alert 6 Investigations First Alert 6 Weather Get The First Alert Weather App Interactive Radar Severe Weather Dashboard Weather Maps Union Bank & Trust CityCam Network First Alert 6 Traffic Tornado Closings Closings FAQs Sketch the Sky Sports on 6 Olympics High School College World Series Scoreboard Nebraska Huskers UNO Mavericks Creighton Bluejays Iowa Sports Omaha Everyday Community Community Calendar We Are Local Heartland Heroes Partnerships Contact Us News Tips NextGen TV Meet the Team Meet the Sales Team Cozi TV Heroes & Icons ION Television Start TV Circle TV Contests Employment Opportunities Politics Election Results Interactive Results Nebraska Interactive Results Iowa Interactive Results Newsletter TV Listings Submit Photos and Videos NextGen TV Zeam - News Streams Take Our Poll Circle Country Gray DC Bureau InvestigateTV Watching Your Wallet PowerNation Digital Marketing Sketch the Sky Gray AI Policy Omaha rings in new year with fireworks Omaha’s New Year’s Eve fireworks spectacular starts at 6:30 this evening on the riverfront. First Alert 6 Investigations Husker fans react to disappointing bowl game loss Crime & Public Safety Crews respond to house fire in North Omaha Omaha Everyday: Farrell’s Extreme Bodyshaping Sponsored Nebraska Huskers Devon Dampier leads No. 15 Utah past Nebraska in Las Vegas Bowl, 44-22 TOP HEADLINES First Alert 6 Investigations What’s your New Year’s resolution? Omaha metro residents set goals for 2026 Updated : 3 hours ago | By Philip Catalfamo Another year has come and gone. With 2026 on the horizon, you might be focused on some New Year’s resolutions. News Top 6 on 6: The most popular stories and videos of 2025 Updated : 2 hours ago | By Jackson Piercy Here’s a selection of First Alert 6’s most popular news coverage of 2025. National Trump administration freezing child care funds to all states amid investigation into fraud schemes Updated : 3 hours ago | By The Associated Press and CHARLOTTE KRAMON and SARAH BRUMFIELD Associated Press/Report for America States will have to provide more verification for the child care centers that receive funds from the Child Care and Development Fund, according to a Department of Health and Human Services spokesperson. Forecast Jaret’s First Alert 6 Forecast - Cooler feel this evening, less warmth for first days of 2026 Updated : 4 hours ago | By Jaret Lansford Cloud cover will increase early in the evening with a north wind picking up ; gusts could reach 30 mph through 10 PM. Community Thousands visit Durham Museum for ‘Noon Years Eve’ celebration Updated : 4 hours ago | By Maria Cade The family-friendly event allows children to experience a New Year’s countdown 12 hours before midnight. Iowa Sports Iowa holds off Vanderbilt’s comeback bid for 34-27 victory in the ReliaQuest Bowl Updated : 4 hours ago | By COREY LONG Mark Gronowski threw two touchdowns and rushed for another to lead Iowa to a 34-27 win over No. 13 Vanderbilt in the ReliaQuest Bowl on Wednesday. First Alert 10 Day Forecast FEATURES LATEST VIDEO Nebraska Huskers Huskers blown out by No. 15 Utes in Las Vegas Bowl Nebraska Huskers New Husker coaches assimilate during Las Vegas Bowl News WOWT New Year's Eve special 2026 - Part 1 News WOWT New Year's Eve special 2026 - Part 2 MORE NEWS FEATURES Nebraska Nebraska senators demand answers on voter data negotiations with federal government Updated : 5 hours ago | By 10/11 NOW Nebraska state senators are demanding clarification from Secretary of State Bob Evnen regarding negotiations with the federal government over voter data. Crime & Public Safety Omaha Police outline NYE fireworks rules, warn against celebratory gunfire Updated : 9 hours ago | By Elaina Riley and John Chapman The Omaha Police Department is reminding residents how to have a safe New Year’s Eve. Nebraska 2nd Measles case reported in Platte County, Nebraska health department says Updated : 6 hours ago | By Mike Bell A second confirmed case of measles has been reported in Platte County according to health officials on Wednesday. Crime & Public Safety KCI reopens after being evacuated, law enforcement reports ‘no credible threat’ Updated : 7 hours ago | By Greg Dailey Airport officials responded to a threat at Kansas City International Airport on Wednesday morning. Nebraska Man killed in Christmas Eve crash in eastern Nebraska identified; driver not cited Updated : 8 hours ago | By 10/11 NOW One person is dead following an apparent hit-and-run that occurred in eastern Nebraska on Christmas Eve. Crime & Public Safety Body found at bus shelter in west Lincoln Updated : 8 hours ago | By Sara Badura A 44-year-old man was found dead at a bus shelter in west Lincoln Monday morning. History Today in History - Dec. 31: Author Nicholas Sparks born in Omaha Updated : 10 hours ago | By First Alert 6 staff reports On this day in history, the creator of unforgettable love stories was born in Omaha. First Alert 6 Weather Rusty’s First Alert 6 Forecast: Mild day turns into a breezy evening to round out 2025 Updated : 15 hours ago | By Rusty Lord Temperatures surge into the 50s Nebraska Nebraska LTC Pharmacy abruptly closes ahead of license expiration, patients left in limbo Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 10:53 PM CST | By Matthew Mittlieder The Nebraska LTC Pharmacy currently has a note on its door saying that the business is not open to dispense medications, and that patients should contact their doctor to find a different pharmacy. News 6 things you need to know on Wednesday, Dec. 31 Updated : 14 hours ago | By Elaina Riley First Alert 6 has the headlines you need to know to get your Wednesday started. Entertainment Things to do: New Year’s Eve activities and events in the Omaha metro Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 10:30 AM CST | By Elaina Riley Here’s a list of activities and events coming up in the Omaha metro on New Year's Eve. Nebraska Grand Island man in custody after shooting leaves three injured Updated : 6 hours ago | By Ian Mason and Sara Badura A Grand Island man is in custody after allegedly shooting three people late Tuesday night. MORE NEWS First Alert 6 Investigations Warren Buffett to step down as Berkshire Hathaway CEO after 6 decades Updated : Dec. 23, 2025 at 11:54 AM CST | By Brian Mastre Next week Warren Buffett steps down as CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, a role he’s held for six decades. He dropped the retirement bombshell this spring at the annual shareholders meeting. Nebraska Gov. Pillen claims victory on taxes as Sen. Conrad promises fight Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 6:14 PM CST | By Darsha Dodge Critics of Nebraska Governor Jim Pillen accuse his administration of spending down a surplus of state money on tax breaks for the wealthy, leaving Nebraska in a budget shortfall - something the legislature will have to reconcile when the session begins Jan. 7. Nebraska Burglars target Lincoln vape shop overnight, police say Updated : 8 hours ago | By 10/11 NOW Officers were called to Cloud 9 Smoke and Vape Co. just after 1 a.m. on Wednesday. Bluejays Green and Swartz combine for 55 as Creighton takes down Butler 89-85 Updated : 21 hours ago | By The Associated Press and Mason Kern Jasen Green and Austin Swartz combined for 55 points as Creighton beat Butler 89-85 on Tuesday. Nebraska Huskers ‘My family is complete’: Elijah Jeudy balances fatherhood, football Updated : 21 hours ago | By Mason Kern Jeudy said his family serves as his primary motivation, particularly his 2-year-old son, Kodah, and unborn daughter. Nebraska Huskers No. 13 Nebraska pulls away in 2nd half against New Hampshire to go unbeaten in nonconference play Updated : 21 hours ago | By The Associated Press The Huskers went undefeated in nonconference play for the first time since 1928-29. First Alert 6 Investigations Omaha stray cats prepare for winter cold Updated : 22 hours ago | By Andrew Pfeifer With brutally cold temperatures expected in the coming months, concerns are rising about Omaha’s stray cat population. Crime & Public Safety Union disagrees with Sarpy County corrections officer firing Updated : 22 hours ago | By First Alert 6 staff reports A union representing officers and sergeants of the Sarpy County Department of Corrections say they disagree with their boss’s decision to fire someone. News RiverFront sees record visitors despite Omaha construction challenges Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 6:27 PM CST | By Maria Cade Local businesses struggle with access issues as one downtown area draws 2.3 million people in 2025. First Alert 6 Investigations Troubled downtown nightclub for sale, ending long saga with city of Omaha Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 6:19 PM CST | By Philip Catalfamo After battling with the city for years, Krush Ultra Lounge in Old Market is officially up for sale. Signs are up around the troubled nightclub. News First Alert 6 Investigations WOWT 6 News Crime Stoppers First Alert 6 Weather Omaha Everyday Contact Us Election Results Get the First Alert 6 Weather app WOWT 3555 Farnam St. Omaha, NE 68131 402-346-6666 Public Inspection File sixonline@wowt.com - 402-346-6666 Terms of Service Privacy Policy FCC Applications EEO Statement Advertising Digital Marketing Closed Captioning/Audio Description Cookie Settings Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence. A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2026