Why WP Rocket?
Features
Pricing
Resources
Sign in
Buy WP Rocket
Speed Up
Your Website, Instantly

The easiest way to make your WordPress website faster and boost your Google PageSpeed score. Get more traffic, better engagement, and higher conversions effortlessly.

Get WP Rocket Now
An All-In-One Web Performance Plugin

Experts in WordPress recommend WP Rocket as the best caching plugin to instantly boost your website speed. On top, with Rocket Insights, you can track and optimize performance in one place.

Track and skyrocket your PageSpeed performance score instantly

Discover high performance for your website like never before, and in the simplest way. Thanks to WP Rocket, you can instantly see a great improvement in your website’s speed and Google PageSpeed Insights score, including Core Web Vitals.

With Rocket Insights built right inside WP Rocket, you can track your key pages’ performance inside the plugin, troubleshoot issues early, and optimize what slows your website down.

Read our customer success stories
Save time: let us do the heavy lifting

WP Rocket delivers results out of the box with 80% of web performance best practices applied right upon activation.

Your site will benefit from WP Rocket as soon as the plugin is installed and activated. Forget configuration headaches: the setup takes 3 minutes flat to give you a faster website in a few clicks.

No need to be a tech expert or touch the code, the default configuration will do its magic right away. With WP Rocket, let us do the work for you!

Get started straight away
Optimize your speed with expert-built technology and wide compatibility

At WP Rocket, we know what it takes to make a WordPress site blazing-fast. Since 2013, our team has turned its optimization expertise into the most effective and easy-to-use speed plugin.

WP Rocket comes with the most powerful features you would normally get from 3-5 plugins, making your site faster in a blink.

WP Rocket is fully compatible with the most popular themes, plugins, and hosting. It also includes Rocket Insights to let you check your website’s performance score, see the impact of our plugin on your website speed, and track improvements.

Browse through our features

WP Rocket is a great caching plugin that hits all the marks, and their team has been a delight to work with. Our customers love it because it speeds up their sites, simple as that! When a Divi customer asks us what the best caching plugin is, we are happy to recommend WP Rocket.

Nick Roach
CEO at Elegant Themes
Make Your
Website a Success

Incredible speed, flawless user experience, and top SERP ranking are not out of reach if you leave your website in our expert hands!

By improving your page loading time, WP Rocket keeps visitors engaged and helps your website rank higher on Google.

Worried about your website’s performance and whether your optimizations are paying off?

Don’t be! Our powerful speed optimization plugin, along with Rocket Insights, lets you track and optimize your website’s performance in one place.

With our constant updates, you’ll always stay up to date with the latest web performance best practices.

Speed up Your Website

Why
do you need WP Rocket?

Great First Impressions

Deliver a great user experience thanks to a super fast website that visitors will love browsing through.

Better SEO Ranking

With Google's Core Web Vitals initiative, site speed is a ranking factor. Time to boost your SERP ranking!

More
Conversions

Higher ranking means more traffic while better user experience improves conversion rate! Put both together to turn all your visitors into actual customers.

Everyone Needs a Fast Website

From personal blogs to big eCommerce stores, WP Rocket is the caching plugin at the heart of any fast WordPress website.

Don’t Just Take Our Word for It

5 Stars based on real users reviews

Trustpilot

Hands down the best cache plugin EVER!

Hands down the best cache plugin EVER! Not only it solves speed issues, it’s extremely easy to setup and configure. What could only get it to 5 star is that the customer support is extremely helpful!

Super Daddy

WP Rocket Rocks

I have to admit that WP rocket plugin really works in regards to improving your PSI and GTmetrix speed results. As a SEO guy, I put emphasis on ON-page and mobile SEO that can improve the load time and first content loads. […]

Avneesh
Our People Make All the Difference

Trust our Rocketeers and let them assist you