#1 Page Builder Plugin for WordPress - WPBakery Page Builder Features Front End Editor Artificial Intelligence WPBakery SEO Template Library For Any WordPress Theme Content Elements Skin Builder Responsive Pages Extend WPBakery Page Builder Support Advanced Grid Builder Pricing Resources FAQ Showcase Demo Video Academy Tutorials Blog Knowledge Base Support Compare Addons Templatera Easy Tables More Addons Become WPB Developer Buy Now ツ #1 Page Builder Plugin for WordPress Top Choice for 5,800,000+ Websites Worldwide WPBakery Page Builder plugin for WordPress – create any layout with intuitive front-end and back-end drag-and-drop editors. No coding required. Low code for advanced customization. Al assistant. Get WPBakery Page Builder Today - $69! All WPBakery licenses are lifetime. Pay once – use forever. Or try WPBakery Page Builder for free and see what you are missing… Front End and Back End Page Builder Build a responsive website and manage your content easily with an intuitive Frontend editor for WordPress. No programming knowledge required – create stunning and beautiful pages with award-winning drag and drop builder. Get More Info For Any WordPress Theme Every website design needs to be unique. With WPBakery Page Builder, you can work with any WordPress theme of your choice. Get More Info Content Elements, Templates, and Addons Right from the start, WPBakery Page Builder is here to help you with ready-to-use content elements. Literally, within minutes, you can build WordPress pages and page layouts with drag and drop interface without touching a single line of code. Get More Info Skin Builder: Roll Your Own Color Theme Use built-in skin builder to tweak WPBakery Page Builder design options and elements styling, to make a perfect match with your brand identity. Get More Info Template Library Access premium class templates via the online Template Library and build your pages in seconds. Download any template you like without any restrictions. Template Library gets constantly updated with new templates. Get More Info WPBakery AI: Your Ultimate Web Design Assistant Elevate your WordPress page and post creation using WPBakery AI. Craft top-notch content and code effortlessly. Just input your specifications, and let WPBakery AI handle the rest. Get More Info Extendable With WPBakery Page Builder API WPBakery Page Builder is user and developer friendly. Adding new content elements is a piece of cake. Join today and earn with WPBakery Page Builder. Get More Info Professional Online Support WPBakery Page Builder has a high-quality dedicated support team in place from Monday until Saturday to handle your requests and help to keep your productivity on track. Get More Info Advanced Grid Builder WPBakery Page Builder comes with an advanced grid builder bundled. Display posts, portfolios, and any other custom posts type or media in a grid or masonry grid. Tons of options and 40+ predefined styles. Get More Info Responsive Design, Mobile Ready Layouts With WPBakery Page Builder your content will be accessible on desktop and mobile devices. No extra steps or programming required. It just works. Get More Info … and even more amazing features Object Oriented Code Multilingual Ready Adaptable to Any Theme qTranslate, WPML Compatibility Yoast SEO Compatibility Image filters Toolset: Custom Types Ready WordPress User Access Support Custom Post Types Support Online Knowledge Base 80+ Predefined Layouts and Templates Full-Width Row Parallax effect Search Engine Optimization Toolkit Lifetime Updates Free of Charge Exclusive Addons Shortcode Mapper Woo Commerce Compatibility Element Presets RTL Support What is WPBakery Page Builder? WPBakery Page Builder is a page builder plugin for WordPress which allows you to create stunning website content with simple drag and drop. With WPBakery Page Builder you can create and manage your WordPress content in minutes. WPBakery Page Builder Features Online Support Pricing Artificial Intelligence Addons FAQ Video Academy Testimonials Newsletter Knowledge Base WPBakery vs Competitors Showcase Affiliates Agency Program Report Vulnerability Platforms For WordPress For PrestaShop Copyright © 2025 Rain-Task Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Proudly powered by WordPress and WPBakery Page Builder. WPBakery Page Builder made with ♥ in WPBakery. Follow us on facebook & twitter . Privacy Policy · Refund Policy . Buy It Now