WordPress Page Builder Plugin | Beaver Builder Skip to content Products Page Builder Beaver Builder Theme Beaver Themer Templates Assistant Pro Services Web Design WordPress Maintenance Web Development Demo Pricing Learn Blog Knowledge Base Videos Courses About Account Downloads & Orders Support Support Tickets Change Logs Affiliate Area Edit Account Add/Change Payment Method Logout Account Login Support Checkout Get It Now Build Your Website With Ease Discover The Powerful Website Builder That Makes Struggling To Build WordPress Sites A Thing Of The Past. Get Started Try a Live Demo We Get It! Building a WordPress site without the right tools is overwhelming Whether you're a beginner or WordPress Pro, there are so many different options and plugins to choose from, it can be hard to know who to trust. Just maybe... Entrepreneur No More Gray Hairs You have a business to run and there's not enough time in the day. Stop stressing out over managing your website. Build and update your website easily even if you're not a designer or know how to code. Agency No More Broken Sites You have projects to manage. Stop wasting time fixing broken sites
    after every software update. You can relax knowing your client's sites are built using a trusted page builder and backed by amazing support. Freelancer No More Cowboy Coding You are busy doing “all the things”. Don’t spend days trying to figure out how to code every last detail. Take your time back! Now you can drag and drop your way to launch projects faster and get paid sooner! WordPress Pro No More Duct Tape Solutions You know your way around WordPress. Don't spend months trying to integrate new features wondering whether or not they will work. Unlock full site editing and tools that work with the software you already use. Why Choose Beaver Builder? Endless Design Possibilities Tools For Everyone Beaver Builder is perfect for everyone from freelancers and developers to agencies, eCommerce owners, and WordPress users. Design Websites Fast Beaver Builder gives you complete control over the design of your website. You can add, remove, and rearrange elements as you like; choose from a wide range of styling options. Build Any Type of Site Beaver Builder is a powerful website builder that can be used to create any type of site, including blogs, eCommerce stores, membership sites, and landing pages. Use On Unlimited Websites You are free to use Beaver Builder on an unlimited number of websites! Use your license key across servers and hosts. Developer Friendly Beaver Builder's clean code is well-documented and easy to understand, making it a breeze for developers to customize it to meet your specific needs. Works with Themes and Plugins You can use Beaver Builder with most WordPress themes and plugins, providing you with endless possibilities. SEO Friendly Beaver Builder is optimized for search engines, allowing you to create websites that drive traffic and improve online presence. Mobile Responsive Beaver Builder's built-in responsive design ensures that your website looks great on all devices, from desktop computers to smartphones. Get Started Why Choose Beaver Builder? Endless Design Possibilities Tools For Everyone Beaver Builder is perfect for everyone from freelancers and developers to agencies, eCommerce owners, and WordPress users. Design Websites Fast Beaver Builder gives you complete control over the design of your website. You can add, remove, and rearrange elements as you like; choose from a wide range of styling options. Build Any Type of Site Beaver Builder is a powerful website builder that can be used to create any type of site, including blogs, eCommerce stores, membership sites, and landing pages. Use On Unlimited Websites You are free to use Beaver Builder on an unlimited number of websites! Use your license key across servers and hosts. Developer Friendly Beaver Builder's clean code is well-documented and easy to understand, making it a breeze for developers to customize it to meet your specific needs. Works with Themes and Plugins You can use Beaver Builder with most WordPress themes and plugins, providing you with endless possibilities. SEO Friendly Beaver Builder is optimized for search engines, allowing you to create websites that drive traffic and improve online presence. Mobile Responsive Beaver Builder's built-in responsive design ensures that your website looks great on all devices, from desktop computers to smartphones. Get Started Since 2014 Beaver Builder Makes It Easy Build Your Website In Minutes, Not Months 1 Choose a Beaver Builder Plan Choose a plan that's right for you and install Beaver Builder on your WordPress site. Start with a pre-designed template or if you're feeling creative, you can build from scratch. 2 Drag and Drop Visual Design Add your content and watch your designs come together LIVE on the front end of your site. Our website builder gives you complete control and endless possibilities. 3 Click Done and Publish Design your site faster and without the overwhelm. Extend functionality  with easy to set up third-party integrations. You get more time to focus on growing your business. Get Started Try a Live Demo Website Templates Get Started Quickly Stop staring at a blank screen! Create stunning websites with ease with a collection of premium templates. No need to start from scratch. Choose a template, customize it to fit your brand, then click publish. You can even save your designs to reuse on future pages or websites. Includes templates for contact pages, newsletter sign ups, about pages, pricing tables, and more. Mobile responsive and looks great with your theme. Create the website of your dreams effortlessly with free page
builder templates available at Assistant.pro. Explore Templates Website Templates Get Started Quickly Stop staring at a blank screen! Create stunning websites with ease with a collection of premium templates. No need to start from scratch. Choose a template, customize it to fit your brand, then click publish. You can even save your designs to reuse on future pages or websites. Includes templates for contact pages, newsletter sign ups, about pages, pricing tables, and more. Mobile responsive and looks great with your theme. Create the website of your dreams effortlessly with free page
builder templates available at Assistant.pro. Explore Templates Integrations & Add-Ons Take your site further The possibilities are endless. Discover new features, functionality, and design options that help you create any type of website, from an online shop to a membership site. Enhance your site’s functionality with advanced analytics, eCommerce solutions, marketing automation, and more. Expand your design possibilities with even more modules, templates, and styles for Beaver Builder. Captivate visitors with live chat, social feeds, forms, and more. Provide seamless navigation and engagement to boost website conversions and customer satisfaction. Add-Ons & Integrations Integrations & Add-Ons Take your site further The possibilities are endless. Discover new features, functionality, and design options that help you create any type of website, from an online shop to a membership site. Enhance your site’s functionality with advanced analytics, eCommerce solutions, marketing automation, and more. Expand your design possibilities with even more modules, templates, and styles for Beaver Builder. Captivate visitors with live chat, social feeds, forms, and more. Provide seamless navigation and engagement to boost website conversions and customer satisfaction. Add-Ons & Integrations Community We're here to help you A thriving community of friendly builders awaits. We can't wait to
join you on your journey! Access free online courses and video tutorials so that you can learn at your own pace. Get answers to common questions in the extensive knowledgebase. Need to chat with a human? Our top notch support team is
here for you. Get Started Community We're here to help you A thriving community of friendly builders awaits. We can't wait to
join you on your journey! Access free online courses and video tutorials so that you can learn at your own pace. Get answers to common questions in the extensive knowledgebase. Need to chat with a human? Our top notch support team is
here for you. Get Started Trusted on 1 Million+ Sites and by the Biggest Names on the Web "I power all of my WordPress sites with Beaver Builder. The editor is easy and powerful. The support and community are amazing! I have used all the other common editors and they are all bulky and unreliable. Beaver Builder is what I recommend to all clients!" - Jakob Ward Beaver Builder Is the Best Way to Create User-Friendly Sites When you build over 600 websites for clients and don't want to be inundated with tech queries, choosing a WordPress Page Builder you can rely on for stability is the key! Bonus: It's easy and intuitive for my clients to use. Win Win! Chantal, heychantal.com Beaver Builder Is the Best Way to Create User-Friendly Sites When you build over 600 websites for clients and don't want to be inundated with tech queries, choosing a WordPress Page Builder you can rely on for stability is the key! Bonus: It's easy and intuitive for my clients to use. Win Win! Chantal, heychantal.com Beaver Builder Made Building My New Website a Breeze I have a baby attached to me pretty much 24/7, so thankfully with Beaver Builder I could make my new website one-handed. Erin Flynn, designbreadhq.com Beaver Builder Turned Me Into A Website Design Machine! I started using Beaver Builder in 2016. Since then my income has gone up 60-70%. This is because Beaver Builder has allowed me to take on more clients and spend less time building websites. Cami Macnamara, webcami.com Frequently Asked Questions Will Beaver Builder work with any theme? Collapse Beaver Builder is compatible with almost every WordPress theme. If for any reason it doesn't work with your theme, we will work with you to ensure it does! What is the Beaver Builder Theme? Expand The Beaver Builder Theme is a framework theme that is designed to work seamlessly with the Beaver Builder page builder plugin. The theme controls the header, footer, and styling of your site, while the page builder plugin controls the content of your pages. Can I use Beaver Builder to build a hosted website builder platform? Expand Yes! You will need to purchase either the Agency or Ultimate plan if you want to create your own DIY hosted website publishing business. For large-scale or hosting integrations, please contact us! What is your refund policy? Expand Although we don’t think you’ll ever want a refund, we’ll gladly refund your purchase if it’s requested within 30 days of the initial purchase. Please see the terms and conditions for our complete policy. Can I try Beaver Builder before I buy it? Expand Yes, you can try Beaver Builder for free. We have a hosted demo site where you can play with all of Beaver Builder's features. There is also a lite version with limited features available for download on WordPress.org . Will my license renew automatically? Expand Yes, your Beaver Builder subscription will automatically renew after one year. You can easily disable the auto-renewal on your account page. However, an active license is required for product updates and support. Can I upgrade my membership after signing up? Expand Absolutely! You can upgrade your subscription at a prorated rate. To do this, visit the "My Account" page when logged into our site. Still not sure which plan is right for you? We're here to help! Contact us with your questions and find out how Beaver Builder can help you build better websites today. Beaver Builder on Facebook Beaver Builder on Twitter Beaver Builder on YouTube Solutions Business Owners Freelancers Agencies Success Stories Showcase Products Demo Pricing Page Builder Beaver Builder Theme Beaver Themer Addon Assistant Pro Features Templates Product Features Modules Add-Ons & Integrations Change Logs Resources Knowledge Base Courses Videos Blog Facebook Group Slack Channel Community Forum Discord WP Resources Recommended Builders Company About Support Affiliates Brand Assets Careers Contact Account Login Created in California, built by a global community. Copyright © 2025 FastLine Media LLC | Terms | Privacy