WPConsent - Cookie Consent Management Plugin for WordPress WPConsent Features All Features Automatic Script Blocking Customizable Cookie Banner Easy Cookie Configuration Compliance Scanner Fully Self Hosted Cookie Policy Generator View all → Integrations Google Analytics Facebook Pixel WooCommerce WordPress View all → What's New? Introducing WPConsent 1.1.2 – Advanced Display Rules for Cookie Consent Banner WPConsent is Now IAB TCF Verified! Enable TCF Standards with 1-Click WPConsent Has Officially Hit 100,000+ Installs & We Couldn’t Have Done It Without You! See all the updates → Pricing Help Center Getting Started User Guide Changelog Contact Us I have a technical question If you’re already a customer, the fastest way to get help is through our support ticketing system. I have a basic question Have a pre-sales question or general question about how our site / service works? Blog Login Get WPConsent WPConsent open close Features Pricing Help Center Blog Login Start using WPConsent today to improve website compliance! Get Started See All Features Cookie Consent Management Plugin for WordPress WordPress Privacy Compliance Made Easy Easily create customizable cookie banners, record user consent, and manage all your WordPress privacy compliance needs in one place. GDPR Compliance CCPA Compliance Privacy Act Compilance Custom Cookie Banners User Consent Logs Automatic Script Blocking Get WPConsent Now Finally, a WordPress Cookie Consent Plugin that’s both Easy and Powerful WPConsent is the best WordPress cookie consent plugin. Here are the features that make WPConsent the most comprehensive WordPress privacy compliance plugin in the market. Customizable Cookie Banner Choose from multiple cookie popup banner layouts. Easily customize the colors and content to match your brand. Granular Cookie Control Allow users to selectively allow or disallow specific cookies on your website for a better user experience. Records of User Consent Fully downloadable and searchable record of each user’s cookie consent for better privacy compliance. Automatic Script Blocking Automatically block third-party scripts from adding cookies prior to receiving the user's consent. Advanced Website Scanning Our WordPress cookie scanner automatically detects and categorize the cookies loading on your website. Fully Self-Hosted All cookie consent data is self-hosted on your website, making WPConsent the most privacy compliant solution. Smart Geolocation Detection Easily show or hide cookie notices for visitors based on their location to better optimize the user experience. Powerful Integrations Seamless integrations with all popular WordPress plugins like WooCommerce, WPForms, and more. Automatic Scanning Easily schedule automatic scans to make sure your website is always correctly configured as you make changes. Get WPConsent Now See all Features What our users say about us 4.8/5 on WordPress This is an extremely well thought out and designed plugin for important functionality most of us probably don’t want to have to deal with. Easy to set up and flexible to make the cookie notice match your site design. I especially like how the plugin can analyze your site and determine which cookies are present... Scott I installed WPConsent hoping for a simple solution, and it delivered. The setup process was incredibly smooth and straightforward. I was up and running in minutes. What I appreciate most is the design; it looks very sleek and adds a level of professionalism to the site... Richard I was using a different and popular Cookie consent type plugin, but changed to WPConsent and was happy to see that my page speed became faster. That alone, plus the simple and tidy look of the consent banner made me switch to WPConsent... Grant This plugin is so simple to set up without the usual trial and error. Instructions on how to set this plugin up are easy to follow and looks great on the front end of the website too. Martyn This isn’t the first consent form I’ve had on my sites, but this one definitely fits the bill better than the other. I like the fact that you can yes or know it and that’s it. I don’t know how many sites I have been put off of browsing just because there’s virtual war and peace to go through just to switch off the cookies. So thank you. Nick I went through a number of consent plugins trying to find one that would work without requiring to much resource. This was the one a settled on. I was able to configure the easily and consent banner into my site colours. Paul Top 7 Reasons Why Businesses Love ♥ WPConsent WPConsent is the all-in-one WordPress Privacy Compliance plugin for YOU. Here’s why smart business owners, marketers, and web developers love WPConsent, and you will too! Create Smart Cookie Consent Banners in Minutes, Not Hours Easily create custom cookie notice widget in WordPress to match your brand style & colors. WPConsent comes with multiple layouts including cookie banners, cookie popups, and more, so you can create a beautiful cookie consent notice with just a few clicks. Automatic Script Blocking for Better Privacy Compliance WPConsent automatically scans your website for cookies and blocks third-party scripts from loading prior to receiving the user's cookie consent. This helps your improve compliance with privacy laws like GDPR, CCPA, and others around the world. Comprehensive User Consent Record Logs and Management in One Place With WPConsent’s user consent log, you have access to fully downloadable and searchable records of each user’s cookie consent for better privacy compliance. All user’s cookie consent data is stored right in your WordPress database for maximum privacy and data controls. Smart Geolocation Detection for an Optimized User Experience You get full control over which site visitors will see the cookie notice with WPConsent's Geolocation feature. Enable showing the banner based on the visitor's region or select individual countries in an easy-to-use interface. This helps you improve consent rates by offering a personalized experience based on your website user's location. Advanced WordPress Privacy Features That Adapt to Your Needs WPConsent gives you all the advanced WordPress privacy features and customizations without the HIGH costs. This includes: full WordPress cookie scanner, proof of consent, customizable WordPress cookie banners, Automatic Website Compliance Scanning, Geolocation Rules, Automatic Cookie Configuration, and so much more. Fully Self-Hosted Like It Should Be for Privacy Conscious Businesses All WPConsent data is stored right on your own servers guaranteeing you maximum privacy and data security. Unlike SaaS cookie notice solutions, WPConsent is a self-hosted WordPress cookie consent plugin. We built it for privacy conscious business owners like ourselves who want to complete customer data protection. World-Class Customer Support From an Expert Team WPConsent is built by the same team as WPBeginner which has been recognized for industry-leading ratings from customers. We’re always standing by to lend a hand when you need it. Our support team is made up of WordPress experts with deep knowledge of the platform. Make Your WordPress Site Privacy Compliant Manage all your GDPR, CCPA, and all other Privacy law compliance needs in one place with the best WordPress cookie consent management plugin. Get WPConsent Now Frequently Asked Questions Do you have a question about WPConsent? See the list below for our most frequently asked questions. If your question is not listed here, then please contact us . Who should use WPConsent? WPConsent is perfect for business owners, bloggers, developers and basically everybody that operates a website that uses cookies. Being compliant with privacy laws is complicated and WPConsent makes that simple by providing automation for the most daunting tasks. Do I need coding skills to use WPConsent? Absolutely not. WPConsent can be set up in just a few minutes on any website by any user. What's required to use WPConsent? WPConsent is a WordPress Plugin. In order to use WPConsent, you must have a self-hosted WordPress site. That’s all. Will WPConsent slow down my website? Absolutely not. We built WPConsent with performance in mind. We used modern standards and best practices to ensure that everything is loaded efficiently. How do support and updates work for WPConsent? Users enter a single license key into the settings panel to enable the familiar one-click updates available with any other WordPress plugin. Support can be accessed through the Support tab on the My Account page of this site. Do you offer refunds? If you are not fully satisfied with WPConsent within 14 days, you can request a refund, and we will return 100% of your payment—no questions asked. Is my website fully compliant by using WPConsent? WPConsent expressly disclaims all representations and warranties that WPConsent will comply with applicable data privacy laws and regulations. It is your sole responsibility to comply with applicable data privacy laws and regulations. WPConsent does not provide legal advice and you should consult legal counsel for advice on this topic. Please see our Terms of Service . Need Help Improving Your WordPress Website? Take a look at the WPConsent Blog for tips & tricks on how to improve privacy compliance for your WordPress site. Introducing WPConsent 1.1.2 – Advanced Display Rules for Cookie Consent Banner Why Use a Self-Hosted GDPR Plugin for WordPress? (Complete Guide) How to Stop reCAPTCHA Before Consent in WordPress Without Coding Get the #1 Most Powerful WordPress Consent Management Plugin Today Easily create customizable cookie banners, record user consent, and manage all your WordPress
							privacy compliance needs in one place. Get WPConsent Now Company About Careers Press Affiliates Blog Contact Key Features Automatic Script Blocking Customizable Cookie Banner Easy Cookie Configuration Compliance Scanner Fully Self Hosted Cookie Policy Generator See more Integrations Google Analytics Facebook Pixel WooCommerce WordPress See more Helpful Links Support Documentation WordPress Hosting English Español Deutsch Connect with us Copyright © 2025 WPConsent. WPConsent® is a registered trademark
						of
						WPConsent LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy Sitemap WPConsent Coupon The WordPress® trademark is the intellectual property of the WordPress Foundation. Uses of the
					WordPress®, names in this website are for identification purposes only and do not imply an
					endorsement by WordPress Foundation. WPConsent is not endorsed or owned by, or affiliated with, the
					WordPress Foundation.