WPForms: Best WordPress Forms Plugin | Free Online Form Builder Features Toggle Menu All Features Online Form Builder Conditional Logic Conversational Forms Form Landing Pages Entry Management Form Abandonment View all By Use-Case Health & Wellness Education Business Operations Entertainment Nonprofit Marketing View all What's new Stop Copying and Pasting: Introducing the Notion Addon Read more Skip the Tedious Steps: The n8n Addon is Here Read more See all the updates Solutions Toggle Menu All Industry Business Operations Simple Contact Form Employee Timesheet Form Billing / Order Form Education Scholarship Application Form College Application Form Parental Consent Form Event Planning Wedding Invitation RSVP Form Conference Registration Form Online Event Registration Form Customer Service Customer Service Review Form Support Ticket Form Request a Quote Form Entertainment Gaming Tournament Registration Form Party Planner Form Radio Song Request Form Feedback Survey Form Poll Form Suggestion Form By Role Salesforce Admins Finance Marketing & Sales Human Resources IT Security & Compliance View all Featured Customer Story "We’ve been using WPForms for the last four years on all of our client sites and I can’t say enough good things… They’re responsive, their forms work in every site we put them in, and the development team that goes into it is always expanding their capacities… I encourage you to try WPForms today." Douglas Leslie Verified Customer See all reviews Pricing Integrations Toggle Menu All Integrations Marketing Payments Productivity eCommerce Events Social Media View all Featured Integrations Stripe Google Sheets Mailchimp Zapier PayPal Webhooks View all Testimonials Resources Toggle Menu Documentation Step-by-step guides on all things WPForms. Blog Our latest tips, tutorials, and insights. Developers In-depth developer resources and advanced guides. Form Templates Our gallery of customizable pre-built form templates. Facebook Group Community support and exclusive updates. Featured Blog Articles The Ultimate Black Friday Checklist for Small Businesses Read more Creating Irresistible Black Friday Offers with WPForms Read more Log In Get WPForms Drag & Drop WordPress Form Builder The World’s Best WordPress Forms Plugin. Join 6,000,000+ Professionals Who Build Smarter Forms and Surveys with WPForms AI Form Builder. Contact Forms Payment Forms Survey Forms Newsletter Forms Registration Forms 2,000+ Form Templates Get WPForms Now 13,345 Reviews 4.8 Finally, a WordPress Forms Plugin That’s Easy and Powerful WPForms is the best WordPress contact form plugin. Here are the features that make WPForms the most powerful and user-friendly WordPress form builder in the market. Drag & Drop Form Builder Easily create a beautiful online forms in just a few minutes with WPForms AI + our drag & drop WordPress form builder. 2,000+ Form Templates Start with our pre-built online form templates to save time and improve your workflow. Mobile-Friendly Forms WPForms is 100% responsive which means your WordPress forms will automatically look good on all devices. Smart Conditional Logic Personalize your forms based on the user’s input. Easily show or hide fields with our smart conditional logic. Form Notifications Easily notify customers or employees when forms are submitted through automated emails and more. Entry Management View all your leads, payments, and WordPress form data in one place to streamline your workflow. Payments Made Easy Securely accept credit card payments, donations, and online orders through your online forms. Marketing Integrations Automatically send your form data to your favorite email marketing tools and CRM integrations to save time. Automate Workflows Create dynamic workflows to accept user-generated content, create new user registration, data routing, and more. Electronic Signatures Easily collect electronic signatures in your form for payments, contracts, releases, and more on any device. Surveys & Polls Create better user surveys, NPS surveys, and polls with our user-friendly forms to boost form completion. Form Security Protect your WordPress forms with our powerful spam protection tools, smart form permissions, and access control. Get WPForms Now See All Features GDPR Compliant PCI Compliant CCPA Compliant “ It is flexible: I use it for contact forms, donation forms, grant application forms, events, and more. Simple yet powerful interface for collecting payments. I install WPForms on every website I have – I know it will be used. ” Nir A. Verified Customer “ I’ve used WPForms for years on several different websites and it’s worked really well. It’s not clunky and does exactly what I need. Thank you! ” M3l1 Verified Customer “ Drag and drop feature without having to write tedious code. Really simple to implement. It just works well. Integration in wordpress is very easy. ” Raelynn J. Verified Customer “ I have nothing but praise for WP Forms. They’ve made everything easier and effective. The customer service is outstanding. I’m incredibly grateful. ” Hinara Verified Customer “ Works as advertised and without issue. Great plugin! ” Tpaige Verified Customer “ The interface is straightforward, the creation process simple, and the range of options and templates is all one could wish for. Impossible to criticise. ” Harveyyates Verified Customer “ The plugin functions as expected and allows a decent amount of configuration for standard forms. It worked seamlessly with my WordPress/Elementor pages. ” jhoris Verified Customer “ I’m a WordPress newbie (although a long-time software developer), and found this forms plug-in to be extremely easy to use. It does everything I want. ” harborbay Verified Customer “ It is flexible: I use it for contact forms, donation forms, grant application forms, events, and more. Simple yet powerful interface for collecting payments. I install WPForms on every website I have – I know it will be used. ” Nir A. Verified Customer “ I’ve used WPForms for years on several different websites and it’s worked really well. It’s not clunky and does exactly what I need. Thank you! ” M3l1 Verified Customer “ Drag and drop feature without having to write tedious code. Really simple to implement. It just works well. Integration in wordpress is very easy. ” Raelynn J. Verified Customer View all One WordPress Form Builder, for Any Industry Create unlimited custom online forms for any industry with WPForms. Health & Wellness Education Marketing Event Planning Nonprofit Customer Service eCommerce Health & Wellness Transform your health and wellness services with our intuitive and customizable forms. Whether you need patient intake forms, appointment scheduling, or feedback surveys, WPForms has you covered. Enhance your client experience and streamline your operations with ease. Education Empower your educational institution with versatile and user-friendly forms. From enrollment applications and permission slips to course evaluations and feedback forms, WPForms simplifies the process. Enhance communication, streamline administration, and focus on delivering quality education. Marketing Elevate your marketing efforts with customizable and powerful forms. Capture leads, conduct market research, and gather valuable customer insights effortlessly. WPForms helps you create compelling campaigns and engage your audience like never before. Event Planning Streamline your event planning process with our versatile and easy-to-use forms. From RSVPs and registrations to feedback surveys and vendor applications, WPForms has everything you need to ensure your event runs smoothly. Focus on creating memorable experiences while we handle the details. Nonprofit Maximize your nonprofit’s impact with efficient and customizable forms. Whether you need donation forms, volunteer applications, or event registrations, WPForms makes it easy to connect with your community and supporters. Simplify your operations and focus on your mission. Customer Service Enhance your customer service experience with our customizable and efficient forms. Collect feedback, handle inquiries, and resolve issues swiftly with WPForms. Improve customer satisfaction and build lasting relationships by streamlining your support processes. eCommerce Boost your online store’s efficiency with customizable and powerful forms. From order forms and customer feedback to product inquiries and returns, WPForms simplifies the eCommerce experience. Enhance customer satisfaction and streamline your operations for sales and growth. Explore All Templates Top 7 Reasons Why Over 6 Million Users Love WPForms WPForms is the perfect WordPress form plugin for YOU. Here’s why 6,000,000+ smart business owners, designers, and developers love WPForms, and you will too! Build Custom Online Forms in Minutes, Not Hours Building forms in WordPress can be hard. WPForms makes it easy. WPForms AI + easy drag-and-drop WordPress form builder allows you to create contact forms, online surveys, donation forms, online order forms, and other custom WordPress forms in just a few minutes without any code. Simplify Your Data Collection Without Sacrificing Flexibility Say goodbye to paper forms and productivity loss. WPForms makes it easy for you to collect any data that you need to grow your business. From radio buttons to file uploads to multi-page forms, we have all the form fields that you need. With our smart conditional logic, notifications, and data routing, you have maximum flexibility. Easily Connect With Your Favorite Apps to Streamline Your Workflow WPForms helps you automate your workflow with over 8,000+ integrations with popular email marketing tools, CRM, and other business apps. Simply put, you can reliably send your data anywhere you want to boost workplace productivity with the best WordPress form plugin in the market. Secure Online Payment Forms Made Easy Start accepting one-time and recurring credit card payments without the hassles of a shopping cart. WPForms integrates with Stripe, PayPal, Square, and Authorize.net. Our PCI-compliant credit card fields reduce risk and help you collect payment data safely. Other payment features include: coupons, payment dashboard, and more. Powerful Conversion Tools to Help Boost Form Completion Stop losing leads and improve your top-line revenue with WPForms’ powerful form conversion tools. Our conversion toolkit includes form landing pages, user journey reports, partial form submissions, form abandonment technology, conversational forms, PPC lead forms, dynamic field population, and more. Advanced WordPress Form Features That Adapt to Your Needs WPForms gives you all the advanced WordPress form features and customizations without the HIGH costs. This includes: accepting user-generated content, WordPress user registration forms, surveys & polls, calculator forms, save & resume multi-page forms, offline forms, collecting digital signatures, custom form layouts, access control, and more. World-Class Customer Support From an Expert Team With 13,345+ 5-star reviews, our support team has been recognized for industry-leading ratings from our customers. We’re always standing by to lend a hand when you need it. Our support team is made up of WordPress experts with deep knowledge of the platform. WPForms Blog & Resources Delighted is Shutting Down: Here’s the Best Alternative Stop Copying and Pasting: Introducing the Notion Addon How to Connect WPForms to n8n: Automate Your WordPress Form Workflows Frequently Asked Questions and Resources Do you have a question about WPForms? See the list below for our most frequently asked questions. If your question is not listed here, then please contact us . Who should use WPForms? WPForms is the best WordPress forms plugin for business owners, bloggers, designers, developers, photographers, and basically everyone else. If you want to create a custom WordPress form, then you need to use WPForms. There’s a reason why over 6 million websites use WPForms as their online form builder of choice. Do I need coding skills to use WPForms? Absolutely not. You can create and manage forms without any coding knowledge. Our revolutionary AI form builder for WordPress combined with easy drag & drop form building tools make WPForms the most beginner-friendly contact form plugin in the market. What’s required to use WPForms? WPForms is a WordPress Forms Plugin. In order to use WPForms, you must have a self-hosted WordPress site. That’s all. Is WPForms translation ready? Yes, WPForms has full translation and localization support via the wpforms textdomain. All .mo and .po translation files should go into the languages folder in the base of the plugin. The same is true for every WPForms Addon as well. Our WordPress forms plugin is also fully translated in many popular languages including Spanish, French, Polish, German, Japanese, Italian, and more. Will WPForms slow down my website? Absolutely not. WPForms is carefully built with performance in mind. We have developed everything with best practices and modern standards to ensure things run smoothly and fast. WPForms is often rated as the fastest WordPress form plugin in the market. Start Building Smarter WordPress Forms Create and publish forms in minutes... What are you waiting for? Get WPForms Now Talk to an expert Company Careers Testimonials Contact Press Affiliates Blog FTC Disclosure Top Features Online Form Builder Conditional Logic Conversational Forms Form Landing Pages Entry Management Form Abandonment Form Notifications Form Templates File Uploads Calculation Forms Geolocation Forms Multi-Page Forms Newsletter Forms Payment Forms Post Submissions Signature Forms Spam Protection Surveys and Polls User Registration WPForms AI Integrations Drip Forms HubSpot Forms Mailchimp Forms Brevo Forms Salesforce Forms Authorize.Net PayPal Forms Square Forms Stripe Forms Helpful Links Support Documentation Plans & Pricing WordPress Hosting Start a Blog Make a Website WPBeginner WordPress Forms for Nonprofits Copyright © 2016-2025 WPForms, LLC. WPForms is a trademark of WPForms, LLC. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Sitemap WPForms Coupon The WordPress® trademark is the intellectual property of the WordPress Foundation. Uses of the WordPress®, names in this website are for identification purposes only and do not imply an endorsement by WordPress Foundation. WPForms is not endorsed or owned by, or affiliated with, the WordPress Foundation. English Deutsch Español Français 日本語 Italiano Português Português Brasileiro