Skip to content Home Support Menu Toggle Community Support Pro Support Documentation Addons Menu Toggle Addons Store Addons Demo Forum Migrate to wpForo Main Menu Home Support Menu Toggle Community Support Pro Support Documentation Addons Menu Toggle Addons Store Addons Demo Forum Migrate to wpForo wpForo #1 WordPress Forum Plugin wpForo v2 is a modern perspective on the forum world! This plugin changes your website discussion experience and provides with new forum layouts. It’s totally improved with brand new innovative features. Download Community What’s New in wpForo 2.0 Multi-Board System Allows to create multiple separate forum boards in the same WordPress website language Multi-Language Support Using the multi-board system, you can create multiple separate forums for each language of your website. Redesigned Forum Layouts Four redesigned forum layouts. Allows to create any type of forum: Q&A, classic, threaded and minimalistic... manage-category Dashboard Settings Re-grouped and re-designed settings page with live searching feature makes it easy to find any setting you need. New User Profile System More powerful member profile system with awesome design, so in most cases you won't need to use other profile builder plugins Points Based Reputation Now you can set different points for likes, dislikes, new topics and posts. The user reputation will be based on the number of points add-bookmark Topic Bookmarking Allows to mark topics and posts as favored and see them in the own profile tab. In this tab, you can also see liked and disliked posts. generate-report Topic Overview A small panel on the top of all topics displays different statistics and a quick tree of the whole topic with nested replies in one place And lots of other new features... Multiple Forum Layouts wpForo is the only forum software with multiple forum layouts. The Extended, Simplified, Threaded and Q&A forum layouts are ready to use. You can even choose different layouts for different categories in the same forum. Extended Forum Layout Simplified Forum Layout Q&A Forum Layout Threaded Forum Layout wpForo is a community builder plugin. It brings a powerful and beautify user profile system with  registration and login pages. Users can see and manage their own data in Profile, Account, Activity, Favored,  Subscriptions and other profile tabs. Members Profile System Profile Activity Tab Account Settings Favored, Likes, Dislikes Subscriptions and User Following All these and another 100 core features in the FREE wpForo Forum Plugin business-model Designed For All You can use wpForo for small and for  extremely large communities. We keep improving plugin performance. Mobile Friendly Adapted on all screen sizes. You get perfectly scaled layouts on desktop, tabs and smartphones. SEO Friendly Built-in SEO functions. SEO effective permalinks, titles, metadata, open graph tags, forum sitemap, and others... Great Performance Superfast and light forum with built-in cache. Based on own database tables and doesn't overload WordPress Modern Layouts and Styles Comes with four forum layouts (Classic, Q&A, Threaded) and six sets of color styles, including the Dark Style. Modern User Profile Powerful and beautiful profile system, with member statistic, settings, activity and subscriptions tabs. User Rating and Badges User rating and badge awarding system based on points earned with new topic, post, likes and dislikes. Members Directory Forum users are listed in Members Directory with easy search and filtering options. folders-hierachy Easy Forum Hierarchy Drag and Drop forum management system. Easy to set Parent-Child relationship and forum list order. Forum Access Roles Read Only, Standard Access, Moderation Access, Full Access etc… to manage forum accesses. toolbox-repairing Easy Moderation All necessary moderation tools for topic and post. Topic moving, splitting, merging, approving, closing and other tools... Private Topics Allows to set topics as private. The private topic is only visible for the topic owner and for forum moderators. Fully manageable! 100 settings for 100 features! Settings Page Settings Single Page Copyright © 2026  | Powered by gVectors Team wpForo is Registered with the IP Rights Office Copyright Registration Service Ref: 4477265538