Effective Security for WordPress Sites- WPGuardian Benefits Features Solutions Pricing Faq Benefits Features Solutions Pricing Faq LOGIN Try now Benefits Features Solutions Pricing Faq Login Try now Effective Security for WordPress Sites Your All Seeing Eye to proactively scan & identify threats TRY NOW Flexible updates & security management Non-intrusive virtual patching Protection for Multiple WordPress sites Complete infrastructure analysis Eliminate Support Requests Related to Hacked WordPress Sites Keep all your WordPress sites up-to-date and protected. Embrace proactive security to maintain control and visibility over the status of both sites and servers, all in one place. Why WP Guardian? Stay ahead of threats to WordPress sites with continuous vulnerability monitoring and effective mitigation strategies. Holistic Security Management for Sites Built with WordPress Take control of security for websites powered by WordPress. Vulnerability Scans & Reporting Scan connected servers, and identify & report vulnerabilities to keep your infrastructure secure. Comprehensive Protection Manual & auto-updates, virtual patches, and continuous vulnerability monitoring. Panel-Agnostic Solution Designed to secure various control panels, ensuring flexibility across different platforms. Smooth Updates with Built-in Checks Perform checks before, during, and after updates for a smooth and safe updating process. Request a trial Protect your infrastructure for WordPress sites. Try WP Guardian today. TRY NOW Vulnerability Protection Non-intrusive virtual patching Block malicious requests, and mitigate vulnerabilities without modifying website code or affecting site performance. Protect servers and sites built with WordPress software without installing any updates. Embrace the ultimate solution to actively block the exploitation of identified threats. How does WP Guardian work? 1 Connect Installs the agent that communicates with the platform via API. 2 Detect Detects sites built with WordPress software and scans them for vulnerabilities. 3 Protect Automates updates installation or applies non-intrusive virtual patches. 1 Connect Installs the agent that communicates with the platform via API. 2 Detect Detects sites built with WordPress software and scans them for vulnerabilities. 3 Protect Automates updates installation or applies non-intrusive virtual patches. 1 Connect Installs the agent that communicates with the platform via API. 2 Detect Starts detecting WordPress-based sites and scans them for vulnerabilities. 3 Protect Automates updates installation or applies non-intrusive virtual patches. How does WP Guardian work? 1 Connect Installs the agent that communicates with the platform via API. 2 Detect Starts detecting WordPress-based sites and scans them for vulnerabilities. 3 Protect Automates updates installation or applies non-intrusive virtual patches. Who is WP Guardian for? Empower your business with game-changing security for WordPress sites. For Hosters WP Guardian is built for Hosting Providers: connect your servers swiftly and benefit from proactive threat identification and flexible mitigation options for all sites built with WordPress software. FOR MANAGED HOSTING PROVIDERS Automate your repetitive tasks: tailor WordPress Core, Plugins, and Themes updates to suit your specific needs and schedules, server and site-wise. Mitigate vulnerabilities before they can be exploited or a security update becomes available with Virtual Patches powered by Patchstack. No website code changes or performance degradation involved. For Your Customers Find and close loopholes, and potential vulnerabilities of your customers’ sites without extra effort. Enable safe work inside a secure environment to grow online businesses, while you and WP Guardian do all the security ‘heavy lifting’. For Resellers Boost your portfolio with an efficient tool for centralized security management for sites built with WordPress. Unlock a new revenue stream by bundling WP Guardian with your dedicated and VPS server offerings. Pricing Select the amount of sites managed I need to manage 1 site Sites: Price: 1 $5 /mo Price per website: $5 5 $15 /mo Price per website: $3 10 $25 /mo Price per website: $2.5 30 $65 /mo Price per website: $2.17 50 $100 /mo Price per website: $2 BUY NOW More than 50 sites? CONTACT US FAQs How does WP Guardian work for hosting providers? WP Guardian serves as the all seeing eye: it scans the connected servers, proactively identifies and mitigates the threats for all of your WordPress sites, delivering peace of mind for you and your customers. Do you need a control panel to use WP Guardian? No panel? No problem! WP Guardian works with servers that are not protected by a control panel, offering a holistic view of your WordPress websites health. How can I perform a test? You can try out WP Guardian and its features by requesting a free-of-charge personal demo. Protect your websites built with WordPress and fill in the form now! Does WP Guardian affect the performance of my sites? Absolutely not! WP Guardian performs checks and patches with surgical precision without the need for bulky code slowing down your sites. Where can I find the WP Guardian documentation? The full product documentation is available here . Is there an API for WP Guardian? Yes! You can explore the WP Guardian API documentation , including a step-by-step guide and example API calls required for installing and licensing WP Guardian on a client’s VPS. WP Guardian is an independent product and is not affiliated with or endorsed by the WordPress Foundation. Effective Security for WordPress sites TRY NOW Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2025 WebPros International GmbH · Vordergasse 59  8200 Schaffhausen · Switzerland WP Guardian is an independent product and is not affiliated with or endorsed by the WordPress Foundation. Contact us First Name/Last Name * First Last Email * Company name * Country * Please Select United States of America United Kingdom Australia Canada France Germany Italy Spain -------------------------- Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Côte d'Ivoire Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine, State of Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Réunion Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Syria Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, the United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Türkiye US Minor Outlying Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Åland Islands How would you describe yourself? * - Please Select one option - Cloud/Hosting Provider Hyperscaler/Infrastructure provider Web Agency IT Admin Developer Enthusiast Job Title * In order to work on your request, WebPros International GmbH and its group affiliates need to store and process your personal data in accordance with the WebPros Privacy Policy . Consent WebPros International GmbH, being a member of the WebPros group of companies, may provide me with news and individual offers around WebPros products in accordance with its Privacy Policy . I may revoke this consent by clicking the link in any communication received. Sign up to request a trial First Name/Last Name * First Last Email * Your Password * Company name * Country * Please Select United States of America United Kingdom Australia Canada France Germany Italy Spain -------------------------- Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Côte d'Ivoire Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine, State of Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Réunion Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Syria Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, the United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Türkiye US Minor Outlying Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Åland Islands How would you describe yourself? * - Please Select one option - Cloud/Hosting Provider Hyperscaler/Infrastructure provider Web Agency IT Admin Developer Enthusiast Job Title * During the trial period, WebPros International GmbH and its group affiliates need to store and process your personal data in accordance with the WebPros Privacy Policy . Consent WebPros International GmbH, being a member of the WebPros group of companies, may provide me with news and individual offers around WebPros products in accordance with its Privacy Policy . I may revoke this consent by clicking the link in any communication received.