William Paterson University In this Section Academics Admissions Campus Life About Us Athletics Cultural Events INFORMATION FOR Prospective Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Family Donors Alumni Our Local Community WP CONNECT MAPS & CONTACT GIVE APPLY Academics Academic Programs Program Search University Core Curriculum Course Offerings by Semester Register for Classes Undergraduate Catalog Graduate Catalog Online Degree Programs Alternate Credentials Student Research, Scholarship, and Creative Expression Academic Resources Academic Support Services Advisement Center Library Information Technology Blackboard Academic Calendar Career Development Internships Center for International Education Study Abroad Faculty & Staff Directory Colleges & Academic Units Colleges & Departments College of Adult and Professional Studies College of Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Cotsakos College of Business College of Education College of Science and Health WPUNJ at Mercer Honors College Special Programs Office of the Provost Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Apply Now Visit Campus Funding Your Education Discover the WP Experience Request Information Course Catalog My Application Status International Students Accepted Students School Counselors Parents & Family Contact Admissions Graduate Admissions About Us Graduate Academic Programs Apply Now My Application Status Admitted Students International Students Prospective Students Upcoming Events FAQ International Students Freshman Transfer Graduate Learn About WP Visit the Campus Take a Virtual Tour Experience WP Campus Life Activities Pioneer Life Portal Athletics Arts on Campus Campus Activities Civic Engagement Clubs & Organizations Club Sports Recreational Services Student Government Association (SGA) Weekly Calendar Housing & Dining Dining Services Hospitality Services Housing - Residence Life Transportation Commuter Services Transportation Services WP Shuttle Bus Schedules [pdf] Resources Division of Student Development Student Handbook (policies and resources) University Bookstore Other Departments Website Comments Equity & Inclusion Division of Equity and Inclusion Office for Student Diversity and Inclusion Services Accessibility Resource Center (Disability Services) Career Development Child Development Center Dean of Students Events and Conference Services Student Accounts (Bursar) Student Enrollment Services Veteran/Military Services Health & Safety University Police Rave Guardian Mobile App Counseling, Health, & Wellness Center Safe Walk Escort Service About Us What's Happening University News Events Calendar Arts on Campus Social Media Directory Community Child Development Center Civic Engagement Consumer Information Employment Opportunities Hispanic-Serving Institution Our Community University Police University Sustainability About WP All Departments University Facts Our History Our Background Mission, Vision, and Core Values Honors and Awards University Annual Report Student Achievements University Virtual Tour Our Alumni Giving to WP University Policies Open Public Records Request Strategic Plan Equity & Inclusion Division of Equity and Inclusion Office for Student Diversity and Inclusion Administration Board of Trustees Office of the President Provost and Academic Affairs Administration, Capital Planning, and Physical Plant Operations Enrollment Management Equity and Inclusion Finance and Controller General Counsel Human Resources Information Technology Institutional Advancement Marketing and Public Relations Strategic Initiatives and University Relations Student Development Athletics Cultural Events WP connect Maps & Contact Give Apply INFORMATION FOR Prospective Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Family Donors Alumni Our Local Community University News William Paterson University Ranks Among the Top Four-Year Institutions Nationwide in 2025 Social Mobility Index William Paterson University has once again been recognized as one of the nation’s top institutions for advancing economic opportunity and student success, according to the newly released 2025 Social Mobility Index (SMI). The University ranked No. 55 out of 1,398 four-year institutions, placing it in the top 3.9 percent of colleges and universities nationwide – an uptick from its place in the top 4.48 percent last year. Created by CollegeNET, the Social Mobility Index measures how effectively colleges and universities help students improve their socioeconomic standing. The ranking emphasizes affordability and student outcomes by evaluating how well an institution serves economically disadvantaged students, accounting for factors such as household income, tuition levels, graduation rates, early-career salaries, and student loan burden. “A college degree is the ultimate engine of social mobility, so we are proud to again be recognized for our success as a ‘Powerhouse of Progress,’ helping more students obtain degrees that empower them to launch successful careers,” says President Richard J. Helldobler. “Our position near the top of the CollegeNET ranking reflects the talents and hard work of our students and the dedication of our faculty and staff, who are focused every day on providing them with a lifechanging educational experience.” William Paterson’s substantial climb over the past several years underscores its commitment to educational access and economic mobility. Since 2018, the University has risen nearly 60 places in the national rankings, improving from the top 9 percent into the very top tier of four-year institutions nationwide. This recognition reflects William Paterson’s long-standing strengths, which include: A student body in which nearly half are the first in their families to attend college Student Success Teams that provide coordinated, individualized support — uniting academic advising, career development, and financial guidance to help students stay on track and overcome obstacles The new Career Experience Program, which embeds real-world learning into every major and connects students with internships, practica, or clinical placements Competitive tuition and strong financial aid The University’s continued rise in the Social Mobility Index demonstrates how a public university can meaningfully change lives by reducing barriers and preparing students for lasting economic and professional success. Read More Top Headlines William Paterson University Annual Report 2025 Dr. Jill Guzman Named First Chief Wellness Officer at William Paterson University Women’s Basketball Starts Season with Perfect 10-0 Record William Paterson University and Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University in India Sign MOU for Student Exchange and Research Collaboration NJSBDC at William Paterson University Awarded Funding to Launch Student-Led AI Marketing Support for Local Small Businesses View More Powered by Support We believe that to excel, students need to feel seen. As one of the most diverse institutions in New Jersey, our environment is unequivocally inclusive, backed by intentional systems that encourage and empower all students, every step of the way. Virtual Tour Visit Campus What We Do As a powerhouse for new talent, William Paterson University offers unmatched support and next-level learning experiences. Together, we're reinventing what an excellent education looks like - here's how. Fueled by Collaboration Our classrooms are never confined to four walls. Students work closely with faculty, get firsthand research experience, and discover fields they never knew existed. And because no two learners are alike, we offer flexible degree options, alternate credentials, and liberal transfer credits. View Academic Programs Your browser does not support the video tag. This is a place where progress is made. WATCH THE VIDEO × Upcoming Events See All Events Your Success Is Our Priority + The transition to college can come with many questions, which is why all first-year Pioneers are paired with a Student Success Team . This tailored team of experts is composed of a professional advisor, financial aid counselor, career coach, and starting sophomore year, a faculty mentor in the student’s major. Discover What You Will. Power. + The first semester of college can be overwhelming, and Will. Power. 101, our first-year program , is designed to empower students throughout this life transition. In this semester-long course, students will explore what it means to be a powerhouse in academics, campus involvement and personal development, all while becoming more ingrained in the William Paterson community. Mentorship That Goes Beyond The Classroom + We have exceptional faculty at William Paterson, and in addition to being experts in their fields, our professors strongly emphasize and prioritize mentorship. Here, students refine and grow in their skills while working alongside and building meaningful relationships with faculty. Make Personal and Professional Impact We equip our students with the skills and resources they need to thrive, as both thoughtful members of society and career-ready graduates. See how you can excel at William Paterson. Ready to join our community? REQUEST INFORMATION Follow Us on Social Media See All Powered by Curator.io Request Info Visit Apply Quick Links Employment Opportunities Campus Map Contact Us Get Connected Event Calendar WP News Give to William Paterson Social Media Directory WP Connect 300 Pompton Road | Wayne, New Jersey 07470 (973) 720-2000 Copyright © 2024 | Privacy Policy