Write.as — A place for focused writing. About Pricing Read Studio Write.as Start a minimal blog. Keep your privacy. Snap.as Share beautifully simple photos and galleries. Submit.as Accept writing submissions, no signup required. Remark.as Start a conversation around your blog. The Musing Studio suite Start a blog Log in Type words, put them on the internet. Start writing Write an essay without signing up, or sign up now. View your posts Welcome back to the internet The internet is for connecting with people. Write.as helps you reach them no matter where they live online. Friends and family can read your words without creating yet another account online. They can read in their browser, via email or RSS, on their e-reader, and on federated platforms like Mastodon. Read more: Starting a newsletter → Enabling eBook downloads → Joining the fediverse → Read this blog → Focus on your words Write.as is a pared-down blogging platform — a distraction-free place for you to write, and a clean space for your audience to read. Instead of content management, we focus on writing. You'll see our editor screen first, every time you open the app. You can write in Markdown or switch to our friendly Rich Text editor. Your work is automatically saved to your browser as you write. Try it out → Made for writing Not complex websites, not e-commerce, not content man­age­ment. Just writing. Easy publishing Press "Pub­lish" to send your words to the web, social me­dia, and sub­scri­bers. Ad-free You'll never see ads while you're focused on your work, and neither will your readers. Stay independent Build a home for your writing, outside of walled gardens and locked-down platforms. Add your domain name to keep control of your web presence. Make it your own with a custom theme. Then, know you're never stuck here — you can always export your work, or self-host your site with WriteFreely , the open source software that powers Write.as. Free your thoughts Built entirely around privacy , we don't track you or gather excessive data, so you can write exactly what you feel. Create a professional blog next to one written under a pen name. Publicize your work, or keep it quiet. Write anonymously , or create as many identities as you like. On Write.as, you have full control over who knows what about you. Build a home for your writing Write.as helps you create a blog, journal, or news­letter that readers will love to read. Create a home for your words, then fill it with writing — by yourself or with others. Pro $6 per month, billed yearly For prolific writers. Cus­tomize, build a read­er­ship, and publish however you like. Up to three blogs on write.as or your own domain RSS feed ActivityPub integration Micropayments Unlimited posts Unlimited social cross-posts Password-protected blogs Private blogs Publish to Read Write.as Rich text editing Email subscriptions Photo hosting Pinned pages Full design customization API access Command-line publishing Email publishing Team support Start free 14-day trial Subscribe monthly, yearly, or every five years . Team $25 per month, billed yearly For serious publishers. Gather your team and manage content with our op­ti­mized work­flow. Everything in Pro One shared blog Asynchronous collaborative editing Team blog access Team photo hosting Five team members User roles Post signatures E-book export Priority support Start free 30-day trial Subscribe monthly or yearly. Learn more about us Write.as is part of Musing Studio , a suite of simple tools for creating and sharing on the open web. You can also gather writing submissions with Submit.as , share photos with Snap.as , and socialize with Remark.as . Read about our company and our principles , and subscribe to our blog . write.as about apps pricing help updates developers platform guidelines privacy studio write.as snap.as submit.as remark.as writefreely community read write.as community forum themes writing exchange our company musing studio about us blog our principles contact Founder-owned and operated since 2015. Made in NYC.