Home - Writer's Digest Script Events Competitions Archive Subscribe Shop Online Writing Workshops Nov/Dec 2025 Issue Online Membership Write Better Fiction Write Better Nonfiction Write Better Poetry Get Published Be Inspired WD Competitions Resources Writing Habits and Practices Social Media and Writer Anxiety: Managing the Comparison Trap Even without social media, most writers compare themselves to others. Deanna Martinez-Bey shares strategies for managing the comparison trap. Science Fiction/Fantasy Stacia Stark: On the Brutal World of Gladiators In this interview, author Stacia Stark discusses discovering different plot paths within the writing process of her new romantasy, We Who Will Die. By Robert Lee Brewer ⋅ DEC 31, 2025 Writing Techniques Developing a Funny Premise (On Humor) Humor columnist Karim Shamsi-Basha shares tips for for developing a funny premise and sustaining it in your writing. By Karim Shamsi-Basha ⋅ DEC 27, 2025 Wednesday Poetry Prompts Wednesday Poetry Prompts: 767 Every Wednesday, Robert Lee Brewer shares a prompt and example poem to get things started for poets. This week, write a worship poem. By Robert Lee Brewer ⋅ DEC 31, 2025 Submissions & Proposals Coping With Publishing Heartbreak: Brownie Bites and Bad Poetry Author R.L. Maizes discusses the various forms of publishing heartbreak and counts all the ways to cope with them. By R.L. Maizes ⋅ DEC 22, 2025 Writing Habits and Practices Participation Prize The unexpected rewards of writing contests. By Polly Campbell ⋅ DEC 30, 2025 Resources Writing Powerful Prologues Learn how to decide whether or not a prologue serves your story, plus more from Writer’s Digest! By The Editors of Writer's Digest ⋅ DEC 28, 2025 Writer's Digest SUBSCRIBE NEWSLETTER BECOME A MEMBER Recent Articles Character 5 Things Writers Should Know About Narcissism Author and psychotherapist Dr. Alina Kastner shares five things writers should know about narcissism and narcissistic characters. By Alina Kastner ⋅ DEC 30, 2025 Writing Prompts One Bad Year Every writer needs a little inspiration once in a while. For today’s prompt, write a story where your character is sent back in time one year. By Moriah Richard ⋅ DEC 30, 2025 Mystery/Thriller Jennie Godfrey: Write From the Heart In this interview, author Jennie Godfrey discusses the life-changing decision to dedicate time to writing that led to her debut novel, The List of Suspicious Things. By Robert Lee Brewer ⋅ DEC 30, 2025 Children's Jacquelyn Stolos: Be Yourself on the Page In this interview, author Jacquelyn Stolos discusses how being an imagination-driven child helped inspire her new middle-grade novel, Asterwood. By Robert Lee Brewer ⋅ DEC 29, 2025 Interviews The WD Interview: Riley Sager The New York Times bestselling novelist on why he gave up meticulous outlining, how he became an overnight success after 20 years, and the motivation behind his newest thriller. By Amy Jones ⋅ DEC 27, 2025 Be Inspired Writer’s Digest Magazine January/February 2026 Cover Reveal Revealing the Jan/Feb 2026 issue of Writer’s Digest Magazine, featuring an interview with Mia P. Manansala and writing advice for the new year. By Amy Jones ⋅ DEC 26, 2025 Writing Habits and Practices When Our Words Stop Sounding Human Author Allison Carmen discusses the harm of using AI in communications with others in all manner of writing, including email messages. By Allison Carmen ⋅ DEC 26, 2025 Mystery/Thriller A Conversation With Don Bruns on Writing by Ear (Killer Writers) Clay Stafford has a conversation with author Don Bruns on writing by ear, co-writing, re-writing, and more. By Clay Stafford ⋅ DEC 25, 2025 Memoir Writing About Your Childhood in Memoir Book coach Stephanie Mitchell discusses writing about your childhood in memoir and the importance of finding your memoir’s through line. By Stephanie Mitchell ⋅ DEC 24, 2025 Writing Habits and Practices Why I Miss Harlan Ellison… and the “Good Old Days” of Being a Writer Author and copywriter Robert W. Bly looks to Harlan Ellison to ask why anyone would pursue a career in writing if they didn’t love to write. By Robert W. Bly ⋅ DEC 24, 2025 Wednesday Poetry Prompts Wednesday Poetry Prompts: 766 Every Wednesday, Robert Lee Brewer shares a prompt and example poem to get things started for poets. This week, write a winter poem. By Robert Lee Brewer ⋅ DEC 24, 2025 Opinion Pieces The Benefit of Writing an Essay That Goes Viral for All the Wrong Reasons Bestselling author Christina Wyman shares her own experiences with writing essays that go viral for all the wrong reasons—and why that’s OK. By Christina Wyman ⋅ DEC 23, 2025 Writing Prompts God Jul Every writer needs a little inspiration once in a while. For today’s prompt, write a piece that takes place during Yule. By Moriah Richard ⋅ DEC 23, 2025 Young Adult Lydia Kang: Putting Energy Where It Counts More In this interview, author Lydia Kang elaborates on putting energry where it counts more, comparison acting as the thief of joy, and more. By Robert Lee Brewer ⋅ DEC 23, 2025 Resources Crafting Character First Mysteries (From Script) In this week’s round up brought to us by Script magazine, filmmaker Rian Johnson gives us an inside look on how he crafts engaging mysteries. By Script Magazine ⋅ DEC 22, 2025 Romance Shaylin Gandhi: If You Want It, Keep Going In this interview, author Shaylin Gandhi discusses the rapid writing experience of her new romance novel, Love Letters for Other People. By Robert Lee Brewer ⋅ DEC 22, 2025 The Writer's Life The Benedict Arnold Scale (Craft of Translation) Artist and author (and translator) Diego Jourdan Pereira breaks down his Benedict Arnold Scale of translation concerns. By Diego Jourdan Pereira ⋅ DEC 22, 2025 Resources Writing the Self-Help Book Push back self-doubt, find your voice, develop a focused idea, create structure and write work that helps readers, plus more from Writer’s Digest! By The Editors of Writer's Digest ⋅ DEC 21, 2025 The Writer's Life 25 Most Popular Writing Posts of 2025 We share a lot of writing-related posts throughout the year on the Writer’s Digest website. Find the 25 most popular writing posts of 2025. By Robert Lee Brewer ⋅ DEC 20, 2025 Writing Techniques Tips for Overcoming the Blank-Page Blues Author Andrew Welsh-Huggins shares a few tricks he’s developed over the years for overcoming the blank-page blues. By Andrew Welsh-Huggins ⋅ DEC 19, 2025 Be Inspired Last-Minute Gift Guide From the Editors of Writer’s Digest Whether you’re late or right on time, the editors of Writer’s Digest share their book gift guide for readers of all types. By The Editors of Writer's Digest ⋅ DEC 19, 2025 Shobha Rao: The Search for Home Is Universal In this interview, Shobha Rao discusses how the search for home is universal, how books are a writer’s best friend, and more. By Robert Lee Brewer ⋅ DEC 19, 2025 Writing Habits and Practices How (and Why) to Create Your Own Walking Writing Retreat Adventure travel tour operator and writer Ruth Marr shares how writers can create their own successful walking writing retreats. By Ruth Marr ⋅ DEC 18, 2025 Writing Habits and Practices Writing Really Is About Who You Know Freelance writer Debra Johanyak discusses how writing really is about who you know, though maybe not in the way many think. By Debra Johanyak ⋅ DEC 18, 2025 © 2025 Active Interest Media All rights reserved. About Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Active Interest Media ScriptMag.com Digital Editions 2nd Draft Critiques Webinars Tutorials WD University Writer's Digest Shop Novel Writing Conference Writer's Digest Annual Conference Competitions Give a Gift Subscription Media Kit Back Issues Current Issue Customer Service Renew a subscription Subscribe Advertise With Us Write For Us Meet Us Site Map AI Policy Code of Conduct More AIM Sites [+] Antique Trader Arts & Crafts Homes Bank Note Reporter Cabin Life Cuisine at Home Fine Gardening Fine Homebuilding Fine Woodworking Green Building Advisor Garden Gate Keep Craft Alive Log Home Living Military Trader/Vehicles Numismatic News/Vehicles Numismaster Old Cars Weekly Old House Journal Period Homes Popular Woodworking Script ShopNotes Sports Collectors Digest Threads Timber Home Living Traditional Building Woodsmith Woodshop News World Coin News Writer's Digest ;