South Bend News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News South Bend rings in New Year with drone show Many in South Bend celebrated New Year's Eve with a drone light show!The community gathered to ring in the new year with ice skating, music and lights at Howard Michigan's minimum wage hike to $13.73 starts January 1st, aims for $15 by 2027 Employees in Michigan could see more money in their wallets in 2026.Starting January 1st, the state's minimum wage will increase to $13.73 and will gradually in State leaders call for second entrance to Indiana Dunes State Park State leaders are calling for improved access to Indiana Dunes State Park.A signed letter was released, urging the creation of a second entrance to the dunes.St Snow tubing hills open for season in South Bend A popular winter activity is back open in South Bend!Snow tubing hills at St. Patrick's County Park and Ferrettie Baugo Creek County Park are now open to the pu Local Regional Nation & World 22 Investigates Campaign 2024 Beyond The Podium Operation Education Instagram Drone 22 Amazing America Unsung Heroes LIVESTREAM SCHEDULE Health Business Submit a News Tip News Links Addicted America FIrst at 4 Connect To Congress Entertainment News App Offbeat Armstrong Army Strong Inside Your World Soar Question of the Day Spotlight on America Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Did You Know? Crisis in the Classroom Campaign 2026 Weather Current Weather Mishawaka Cloudy 26 F 21 / 15 Today 21 / 15 Thursday 21 / 16 Friday 27 / 18 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Closings & Delays Morning Drive Forecast Storm Alert Weather Cameras Weather App Weather Maps & 7-Day Forecast Sports Sports Notre Dame opens ACC play with 47-40 win at Stanford Notre Dame opened ACC play with a 47-40 win Tuesday night at Stanford.After getting behind 10-4 in the opening minutes, Notre Dame set the tone with it's defens No. 1 Indiana returns to the Rose Bowl for first time since 1968 to take on Alabama Nick Saban coached his final game for Alabama just two years ago in the Rose Bowl when his Crimson Tide lost to Michigan. Alabama is returning to that storied t Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Hidalgo scores 30, Moore adds 23 to help No. 18 Notre Dame beat Pitt 94-59 Hannah Hidalgo made 13 of 23 from the field and finished with 30 points, her second consecutive 30-point game, and short-handed Notre Dame beat Pittsburgh 94-59 Notre Dame Sports Pigskin Preview Cubs Friday Night Football Fever BK High School Spotlight High School Sports Hoop It Up Michiana Matchup U.S. Senior Open TICKETS Highlight of the Night City Guide HomeTown Living HomeTown Living Tiffany tests over common fitness Q&As Tiffany tests Kim and Melanie on common fitness questions and goes over all her great advice over the year. Pet Refuge gives the gift of a fur-ever friend Pet Refuge is the place to find your furry best friend this holiday season. Wake up with these delicious breakfast sandwiches from Ms. Rhonda Ms. Rhonda joins to show off these incredibly easy and tasty breakfast sandwiches that are sure to fill bellies. Getting great holiday table finds before getting away for a much needed break There are great holiday treats found this season just in time to be the perfect addition in stockings and party desserts. Community Calendar Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight I Love to Read Green Thumb Eye on Health Mr. Food Recipes For Pet's Sake Shop & Win Holiday Shoppe Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 26 ° Thu 22 ° Fri 25 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow News Home Local Regional Nation & World 22 Investigates Campaign 2024 Beyond The Podium Operation Education Instagram Drone 22 Amazing America Unsung Heroes LIVESTREAM SCHEDULE Health Business Submit a News Tip News Links Addicted America FIrst at 4 Connect To Congress Entertainment News App Offbeat Armstrong Army Strong Inside Your World Soar Question of the Day Spotlight on America Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Did You Know? Crisis in the Classroom Campaign 2026 Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar Closings & Delays Morning Drive Forecast Storm Alert Weather Cameras Weather App Weather Maps & 7-Day Forecast Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Notre Dame Sports Pigskin Preview Cubs Friday Night Football Fever BK High School Spotlight High School Sports Hoop It Up Michiana Matchup U.S. Senior Open TICKETS Highlight of the Night City Guide HomeTown Living Down Arrow HomeTown Living Home Community Calendar Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight I Love to Read Green Thumb Eye on Health Mr. Food Recipes For Pet's Sake Shop & Win Holiday Shoppe Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Memorials Life Down Arrow Life Home Coaching With Kerry Obituaries Black History Honors Shop and Win Down Arrow Shop and Win Home Enter to Win Contest Winners Newsletter Sign Up About Us Down Arrow About Us Home People Contact Contests Schedule Download Our Apps Closed Captioning Order WSBT Videos Careers RSS Newsletter Sign Up Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report WSBT FCC Public File WSBT FCC Applications WSJV FCC Public File WSJV FCC Applicaitons Public File Assistance Contact Us Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Michigan's minimum wage hike to $13.73 starts January 1st, aims for $15 by 2027 Employees in Michigan could see more money in their wallets in 2026.Starting January 1st, the state's minimum wage will increase to $13.73 and will gradually in South Bend rings in New Year with drone show Many in South Bend celebrated New Year's Eve with a drone light show!The community gathered to ring in the new year with ice skating, music and lights at Howard State leaders call for second entrance to Indiana Dunes State Park State leaders are calling for improved access to Indiana Dunes State Park.A signed letter was released, urging the creation of a second entrance to the dunes.St Snow tubing hills open for season in South Bend A popular winter activity is back open in South Bend!Snow tubing hills at St. Patrick's County Park and Ferrettie Baugo Creek County Park are now open to the pu Early bird New Year celebration helps veterans avoid PTSD triggers With the New Year come loud celebrations with fireworks and more.For some people, including veterans, loud sounds and flashing lights could trigger PTSD.A local Elkhart County clerk facing charges resigns The Elkhart County Clerk facing criminal charges for allegedly overpaying employees has resigned.A grand jury indicted Chris Anderson and Chief Deputy Clerk Car Families celebrate New Year’s Eve before lunchtime! Families with young children celebrated the new year a little early, 12 hours to be exact.The goal was to bring all the excitement of New Year’s celebrations wi South Bend Police officer arrested after off-duty incident A South Bend police officer has been arrested after an off-duty incident on Wednesday.Police were called to the 1900 block of Trent Way at around 3:30 a.m. in Potawatomi Zoo's fennec fox kits receive names by local jewelers The Potawatomi Zoo has annouced the names its fennec fox kits that were born on September 26. Woman scolds influencer for asking if she's running a daycare out of her home in Seattle A reporter in Seattle, Washington, was scolded by a woman wearing a headscarf for asking if she was running a daycare out of her home. Local News Power lines down on U.S. 20 in Middlebury Traffic was slowed on the west side of Middlebury on Wednesday morning.That's because a truck somehow pulled down power lines across U.S 20.The stretch of road Millions brace for wage garnishment as student loan repayments resume in new year There's just one week left before millions of Americans will start learning whether the government will take a cut from their paycheck.Wage gareshing for anyone New Indiana law requires vehicle owners to report changes to vehicle's paint color Beginning this year... Indiana will require hoosiers to report changes to your vehicle's paint color.&ldquo;Senate Enrolled Act 331"... was signed earlier this year b Indiana Fever seeks local artist for mural at new $78 million sports center Calling all hoosier artists...Right now Indiana Fever... has a new facility... and they're looking for a muralist to paint a new mural for them.This is a partne Michigan law firm offers 10,000 ride vouchers for New Year's Eve For many of us welcoming the new year will mean celebrating... toasting it with an alcoholic beverage.And if you think you may need a ride...A Michigan law firm South Bend community celebrates Kwanzaa at St. Joseph County Public Library When you think of Kwanzaa, think of the number seven -- seven days, seven principles, and seven symbols that reflect the holiday.The South Bend community united Fundraiser delivers new truck to replace unsafe vehicle, inspire community The story of a South Bend man you'll need to see to believe.What looks like a truck far beyond repair, went from viral sensation to a testament to the generosit See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending South Bend Police officer arrested after off-duty incident A South Bend police officer has been arrested after an off-duty incident on Wednesday.Police were called to the 1900 block of Trent Way at around 3:30 a.m. in Crash closes eastbound lanes of bypass between Ironwood Drive, U.S. 31 A crash has blocked eastbound traffic on US 20 between Ironwood Drive and US 31.South Bend Police were called to the scene of the crash before 11 a.m. Tuesday. New Indiana law requires vehicle owners to report changes to vehicle's paint color Beginning this year... Indiana will require hoosiers to report changes to your vehicle's paint color.&ldquo;Senate Enrolled Act 331"... was signed earlier this year b Elkhart County clerk facing charges resigns The Elkhart County Clerk facing criminal charges for allegedly overpaying employees has resigned.A grand jury indicted Chris Anderson and Chief Deputy Clerk Car Power lines down on U.S. 20 in Middlebury Traffic was slowed on the west side of Middlebury on Wednesday morning.That's because a truck somehow pulled down power lines across U.S 20.The stretch of road Nation & World Timeline: Breaking down key events in Minnesota's fraud scandal Authorities say fraudsters have claimed billions of federal dollars in Minnesota, taking money meant to care for children and other vulnerable citizens. 3 more 'narco-terrorists' killed in boat strike, possibly leaving survivors: US military The U.S. military on Wednesday announced it launched attacks on three more boats that were allegedly smuggling drugs. Trump administration cuts funding to childcare services in MN amid fraud claims The Trump administration is ending 2025 in a similar way to how it started the year, making major cuts to funding. Will legitimate Minnesota childcare centers be hurt by fraud-fighting funding freeze? Health and Human Services Deputy Secretary Jim O'Neill announced his agency has frozen all childcare payments to Minnesota to root out fraud in the state. 'Nothing short of brutal': West Virginia man pleads guilty in death of 3-month-old baby A West Virginia man is facing prison time for the shocking death of a 3-month-old child, according to authorities. Dad who threw 8-month-old at wall because he was losing at NBA video game learns sentence A father accused of throwing his 8-month-old son against a wall because he was losing at an NBA video game was sentenced to 12 years in prison. New laws coming Jan. 1: Higher minimum wage, gambling taxes and social media time limit Across the country, the new year means new laws. Starting Thursday. See More Right arrow Sports Notre Dame opens ACC play with 47-40 win at Stanford Notre Dame opened ACC play with a 47-40 win Tuesday night at Stanford.After getting behind 10-4 in the opening minutes, Notre Dame set the tone with it's defens No. 1 Indiana returns to the Rose Bowl for first time since 1968 to take on Alabama Nick Saban coached his final game for Alabama just two years ago in the Rose Bowl when his Crimson Tide lost to Michigan. Alabama is returning to that storied t Hidalgo scores 30, Moore adds 23 to help No. 18 Notre Dame beat Pitt 94-59 Hannah Hidalgo made 13 of 23 from the field and finished with 30 points, her second consecutive 30-point game, and short-handed Notre Dame beat Pittsburgh 94-59 See More Right arrow Entertainment Jennifer Lopez responds after commenters say she’s 'always naked' Jennifer Lopez clapped back at haters saying she doesn't "dress her age" while kicking off her Las Vegas residency. The six best New Year’s episodes of TV to ring in 2026! It's time to ring in the new year with some classic sitcom episodes that celebrate the changing of the calendar. Chevy Chase called "rudest ever" by director after shocking interview encounter Marina Zenovich, the director behind "I’m Chevy Chase, and You’re Not" speaks out on her personal negative experience with one of Hollywood's great enigmas. The most annoying songs of 2025 have been revealed! The most annoying songs of the year have been named via research from StudyFinds.org.The ticket search engine SeatPick revealed data from a study of viral songs See More Right arrow Money There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits What is Regulation Z or the Truth in Lending Act (TILA)? If you’re looking to borrow money, you’re probably benefiting from this law. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED South Bend Drivers: How Finding witnesses can strengthen car accident claims South Bend Drivers: How Finding witnesses can strengthen car accident claims SPONSORED High School Spotlight: Goshen baseball team The Goshen baseball team is in the midst of an improbable run through the Indiana 4A state playoffs.They upset the #1 team in the state last weekend.Now, the Re SPONSORED Illinois birth injury lawsuit deadlines: What parents need to know Illinois birth injury lawsuit deadlines: What parents need to know SPONSORED Local business, Topping Dental, opens new location in Elkhart Topping Dental Group has opened a new location in Elkhart. The following release was issued by Topping Dental:Making Smiles that Last a LifetimeOur goal is to provide each and every patient with the very best dental care in the most supportive manner possible. Our office has a small town, neighborly atmosphere that will immediately put you at ease. SPONSORED New easy-to-use COVID-19 pills come with a catch Newly infected COVID-19 patients have two new treatment options that can be taken at home. But that convenience comes with a catch: The pills have to be taken as soon as possible once symptoms appear. The challenge is getting tested, getting a prescription and starting the pills in a short window. U. S. regulators authorized Pfizer's pill, Paxlovid, and Merck's molnupiravir last week. SPONSORED Keep the heart of our community going: How to support local businesses Over the last month, our lives have changed, and we are all trying to find our new normal as we navigate through the coronavirus pandemic. Together we can and will get through this time by supporting each other, especially the heart of our community &ndash; your local businesses. Local businesses are owned by your neighbors, they employ your neighbors, and they create the unique fabric of each community. They know their customers, develop relationships with their regulars, and find ways to give back. SPONSORED What should you do if you slip at a business? Kids and adults alike slip, trip, and fall - sometimes it's because you just lose your balance, but sometimes it's because of the carelessness of others. That's why, if you slipped or fell at a business, it's worth investigating why. If, for example, a business owner failed to mop a wet floor or to clear ice from an entryway, you may be able to recover your medical and other costs. SPONSORED How defective combat earplugs can cause long-term problems Have you lost your hearing or developed tinnitus&mdash;a ringing in your ears&mdash;after serving in the military? If you served between 2003 and 2015, were issued two-sided black and yellow earplugs, and have developed hearing loss or tinnitus, you may be eligible for financial compensation in a large lawsuit. Here are the details: Military service members were issued 3M's Combat Arms Earplugs from 2003 to 2015. SPONSORED The potential dangers of Roundup Weed Killer, and how to limit your exposure Landscapers, gardeners, and groundskeepers beware: Roundup, a popular weed killer, has been linked to cancer. On May 14, 2019, a jury awarded $2 billion to a couple that claimed this weed killer caused cancer&mdash;it was the third major decision against Monsanto, the makers of Roundup. In 2018, a terminally ill California man was granted $289 million against the company after a jury ruled that Roundup was the cause of his non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. SPONSORED Baby powder linked to cancer: What you need to know. You may add a touch of baby powder on your toddler's skin to soothe a rash, dab some on your face to set your makeup, or dust a bit over your wardrobe or shoes to keep them smelling fresh. Whatever the use for baby powder, it's important you know the risks. Talc is a naturally occurring mineral that's used in many personal care products, such as baby powder. SPONSORED Ovarian cancer caused by talcum powder Johnson & Johnson has been ordered to pay $4. 69 billion to 22 women with ovarian cancer who successfully sued the company in 2018. Doug Small of Foley & Small in South Bend talks about the link between asbestos in talcum powder to cancer in women. SPONSORED Are you aware of these dangerous complications from hernia mesh implants? When an organ, intestine, or fatty tissue is displaced and protrudes through a hole or weak spot in the nearby muscle or connecting tissue, it&rsquo;s called a hernia. According to the FDA, more than 1,000,000 hernia repairs are performed each year in the U. S. There are a few ways to treat a hernia, and your doctor will determine the best option for you. Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page Drone 22 Staying safe at the St. Joseph County 4-H Fair The Saint Joseph County Fair starts tomorrow and is expected to draw more than 150,000 people from across the region. It&rsquo;s the biggest event we&rsquo;ve had in the county since the pandemic began. Even though restrictions are lifted, health officials are still making sure that people are able to stay safe from the coronavirus during the fair. Having the majority of the fair outside is already a big win for COVID safety. Farmers express concern over flooding in fields Record-setting weekend rain has created flooding across our area. Video from Drone 22 shows farm fields in Marshall County. Unfortunately, in some areas, those fields look more like a lake or river. For many local farmers, part of their crops might be lost. Usually, rain is good news for farmers. But this very well could have been too much for some. &ldquo;You&rsquo;re not going to control Mother Nature," said farmer Tom Schlarb. Construction begins on Mishawaka Ironworks Cafe and Event Center A new attraction to downtown Mishawaka is becoming a reality. Construction started today on the Mishawaka Ironworks Cafe and Event Center. This day has been a long time coming. This is an idea that has been in the works for years, starting with the demolition of Uniroyal and now, today, the groundbreaking on this redevelopment. WSBT 22's Leo Goldman attended the groundbreaking. Watch his report in the video above. DRONE 22: A look at State Road 23 construction A Traffic Alert for drivers in South Bend. You will want to leave yourself some extra time if you are driving on State Road 23. Work continues on a busy stretch through downtown South Bend. It's one lane through the intersection of State Road 23 and Main Street. As you see in this video from Drone 22, the Cooper Bridge is closed to traffic as part of the project. The project is expected to wrap up in early August. Drone 22: Summer drought conditions Right now, it's hot and dry! Summer lovers are happy, but drought conditions are really starting to impact many of us-- particularly farmers. In this is video from Drone22, crops are just starting to come up. But fields are dried out and getting worse. Drone 22: Kids enjoy local parks as school ends, summer weather begins It's a nice day to get out and enjoy the sunshine. Drone 22 found some kids playing at Twin Branch Park in Mishawaka. Many schools are now out of the summer, giving kids the chance to get out and play. DRONE 22: St. Joe Library Construction Drone 22: Hildebrand Farms in Berrien Spring The cold temperatures April 21 and April 22, 2021, had Michiana fruit farmers concerned whether their crops would last. Video captured by Drone22 over Hildebrand Fruit Farms in Berrien Springs shows how much is at stake for them, but in order to see the damage, you have to go down to the surface. "I didn't sleep well either night because I was up and looking around and doing stuff," said Mike Hildebrand. Drone 22: A look at the new St. Joseph Solar Farm in Granger We're getting our first look at the newly completed St. Joseph Solar Farm in Granger. This is how it looks from overhead from our Drone 22. Construction on the 20-megawatt farm started last summer and wrapped up in March. It contains more than 57,000 solar panels, which is equivalent to 30 football fields. The panels will follow the sun during the day to maximize their output. Several departments respond to fire in LaPorte County A massive fire completely engulfed a home in LaPorte County on Sunday. It happened in the 2100 block of North Forrester Road in Coolspring Township. Fire crews were called just before 3:30 in the afternoon. The homeowners were there at the time and were able to escape without injury. It took 20 firefighters from 5 departments to get the blaze under control. Officials say it appears the fire started in the garage area. The house is considered a total loss. Tri-Way Drive-In Theatre opens for the season Grab the popcorn! Friday, April 2 is opening night for the Tri-Way Drive-In Theatre in Plymouth! Check out the above video of the drive-in, captured by our Drone 22. All four screens will be playing double features as soon as the sun goes down. Some of the movies playing this weekend include the new Godzilla Versus King Kong, and the Tom and Jerry live action movie. Masks are required when you are not in your vehicle. Drone 22 Raw Video: Compton Family Ice Area and Notre Dame Athletic Facilities Thousands to be vaccinated at mass vaccine clinic at ND Friday and Saturday Nearly 6,000 Hoosiers are expected to receive free COVID-19 vaccines Friday and Saturday at a mass vaccination clinic outside of the University of Notre Dame&rsquo;s Compton Family Ice Arena. In partnership with the Indiana Department of Health and the St. Joseph County Health Department, the Notre Dame clinic is one of three mass vaccination sites being offered to eligible residents throughout the state. Evidence of massive meteorite impact still exists in Cass County, Michigan We've got news that is 450-million years old: A massive meteorite blasted a hole into Cass County, Michigan. It happened before humans walked the planet, before dinosaurs roamed and even before land plants grew. But evidence of the massive impact still exists today. &ldquo;I know if we got hit in Denver, it would burn all the clothes off you in Chicago,&rdquo; says Dr. Randall Milstein as he talks about what would happen if a meteorite the size of the Calvin Crater hit. Drone 22 Video: Food Bank of Northern Indiana feeds those in need A line of cars in South Bend Thursday waiting to receive food from the Food Bank of Northern Indiana. This bird&rsquo;s-eye view of the operation was captured by our drone 22. The food bank hands out food each week, free of charge. It's on a first come, first serve basis, with one box of food being given per household. You can find the list of distribution sites for next week on the Food Bank of Northern Indiana's website. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page Regional Michigan gas sales tax ending, but flat tax on fuel increasing January 1 For years, Michigan drivers paid two taxes when filling up their cars, but starting January 1, that is changing. First dog in Van Buren County Pets for Patriots program adopted by local veteran The first dog of the Pets for Patriots Program in Van Buren County has been adopted. Traverse City gears up for 17th annual CherryT Ball Drop celebration Traverse City is preparing for the return of the CherryT Ball Drop, a beloved New Year's Eve tradition now in its 17th year.The event will take place at the co See More Right arrow Soar SOAR: Rochester 06/26/2020 &mdash; Every day, unmanned aerial system (UAS) pilots from across Sinclair&rsquo;s family of news stations take flight to provide viewers with aerial video of their communities and bring story-telling to another level. SOAR is a weekly showcase that brings this footage together, taking you on a visual tour of America from the skies. SOAR: Trip to the Zoo 06/12/2020 &mdash; Every day, unmanned aerial system (UAS) pilots from across Sinclair&rsquo;s family of news stations take flight to provide viewers with aerial video of their communities and bring story-telling to another level. SOAR is a weekly showcase that brings this footage together, taking you on a visual tour of America from the skies. Drones: Social Distancing Part 2 05/15/2020 &mdash; Every day, unmanned aerial system (UAS) pilots from across Sinclair&rsquo;s family of news stations take flight to provide viewers with aerial video of their communities and bring story-telling to another level. SOAR is a weekly showcase that brings this footage together, taking you on a visual tour of America from the skies. Drone: Social Distancing 04/10/2019 &mdash; Every day, unmanned aerial system (UAS) pilots from across Sinclair&rsquo;s family of news stations take flight to provide viewers with aerial video of their communities and bring story-telling to another level. SOAR is a weekly showcase that brings this footage together, taking you on a visual tour of America from the skies. See More Right arrow Business Big retailers didn't pull ByHeart baby formula fast enough after botulism recall, FDA says Four of the nation's top retail stores failed to promptly pull contaminated infant formula tied to a dangerous botulism outbreak from their shelves, federal hea Ford scraps fully-electric F-150 Lightning as mounting losses, falling demand hits EV plan Ford Motor Co. is pivoting away from its once-ambitious electric vehicle plans amid financial losses and waning consumer demand for the vehicles in lieu of inve Roomba maker files for bankruptcy protection; will be taken private under restructuring Roomba maker iRobot has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, but says that it doesn't expect any disruptions to devices as the more than 30-year-old comp See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report WSBT FCC Public File WSBT FCC Applications WSJV FCC Public File WSJV FCC Applicaitons Public File Assistance Contact Us Contests News Sports Entertainment Weather Life Shop and Win Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2026 Sinclair, Inc.