Lynchburg News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News Celebrating 30 years, Park View Mission looks to future and reflects on community impact Park View Community Mission celebrates 30 years of serving the greater Lynchburg community. Avoid accidents: Call Bee Line for safe rides home during New Year's Eve celebrations New Year's Eve is a night of celebration - and for those who like to party hard, here's a tip to help you avoid a bad situation on the road home. Lynchburg kids welcome 2026 early with Amazement Square's New Year's at Noon Lynchburg children made sure to celebrate the new year in style, and still get to bed on time. Lynchburg's Easter Island shop closes, ending an era for local community A generations-old shop in Lynchburg is closing after 38 years. Local ABC13 Investigates Crisis in the Classroom Nation & World Connect To Congress News Links Offbeat Videos Livestream Amazing America Election Results Inside Your World Back to School Beyond The Podium Spotlight on America Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Addicted America Heroes in the Heart of Virginia Question of the Day Election Weather Current Weather Lynchburg Mostly Clear 38 F 46 / 35 Today 46 / 35 Thursday 46 / 28 Friday 54 / 33 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Maps SkyCam Closings Closings Admin Hurricane Center Weather Extra Sports Sports VMI announces next head coach for Football The next head football coach for VMI has been announced. Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Hokies to wear shoes designed by pediatric patients during January games They say you don't really know someone until you’ve walked in their shoes. Rocco steps down as head football coach at VMI After three seasons at the helm of the program, Danny Rocco announced his resignation as football coach of the VMI Keydets on Tuesday. He expressed his apprecia Football Friday Other Sports College Sports High School Sports Full Court Press Minor League Baseball TICKETS City Guide Living in the Heart of Virginia Living in the Heart of Virginia Step Into The New Year With A Fresh Look from Plexaderm Wanting that refreshed look going into the new year? Plexaderm can get the job done! Kaci found out how you can get your hands on a $14.95 trial pack with free Shineforth with Resources and Support in Your Fostering Journey Shineforth formerly known as UMFS is keeping the great work going in helping foster parents in their journey! Kaci learned about what they have to offer and how Safe, Science-Backed Weight Loss: The Latest Medications & Medical Expertise For many people, weight loss can feel overwhelming but with the right medical support, real results are possible. Award-Winning Healing: Westminster’s One-on-One Outpatient Therapy Looking for personalized care on your road to recovery? Westminster’s Outpatient Therapy offers award-winning, one-on-one treatment, including specialized care Staying Aware - Black History Entertainment For Pet's Sake Partner Spotlight Sinclair Cares Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 38 ° Thu 46 ° Fri 43 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local ABC13 Investigates Crisis in the Classroom Nation & World Connect To Congress News Links Offbeat Videos Livestream Amazing America Election Results Inside Your World Back to School Beyond The Podium Spotlight on America Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Addicted America Heroes in the Heart of Virginia Question of the Day Election Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar Maps SkyCam Closings Closings Admin Hurricane Center Weather Extra Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Football Friday Other Sports College Sports High School Sports Full Court Press Minor League Baseball TICKETS City Guide Living in the Heart of Virginia Down Arrow Living in the Heart of Virginia Home Staying Aware - Black History Entertainment For Pet's Sake Partner Spotlight Sinclair Cares Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Newsletter Sign Up Chime In Station Down Arrow Station Home Contact People Careers EEO Terms Copyright Privacy Schedule Weather App & Alerts News App & Alerts Send news tips to ABC 13 -WSET Newsletter Sign Up Who's Hiring Contests St. Jude Dream Home Community Counts 70th Anniversary Sinclair Cares Classroom Heroes People & Places Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Suspect dies after Lynchburg police officer tases him during reported assault response A man who was the suspect in a reported assault on Christmas Eve is dead after a police officer tased him during the incident response, LPD says. Officials determine Martinsville Animal Shelter fire that killed 3 dogs was accidental Officials have investigated a fire at the Martinsville Animal Shelter that killed three dogs, determining it was accidental. Bedford Schools payroll glitch: employees may see unexpected deposits or withdrawals Bedford County Public Schools employees may notice unusual activity in their bank accounts on New Year’s Eve. 18-year-old charged with reckless driving after crashing through Food Lion doors The Amherst County Sheriff's Office said a car drove through the sliding doors and into the store of the Food Lion on Seminole Drive in Madison Heights. Avoid accidents: Call Bee Line for safe rides home during New Year's Eve celebrations New Year's Eve is a night of celebration - and for those who like to party hard, here's a tip to help you avoid a bad situation on the road home. Lynchburg kids welcome 2026 early with Amazement Square's New Year's at Noon Lynchburg children made sure to celebrate the new year in style, and still get to bed on time. Lynchburg's Easter Island shop closes, ending an era for local community A generations-old shop in Lynchburg is closing after 38 years. Woman scolds influencer for asking if she's running a daycare out of her home in Seattle A reporter in Seattle, Washington, was scolded by a woman wearing a headscarf for asking if she was running a daycare out of her home. Bomb threat at Wythe County hospital traced to Los Angeles caller, investigation underway A bomb threat made to a hospital in Wythe County on Tuesday was tracked to a caller in Los Angeles, California, according to police. These five states ban SNAP purchases of soda and candy as part of health initiative 5 states will roll out food restriction waivers for sugary drinks and candy on January 1. Local News Celebrating 30 years, Park View Mission looks to future and reflects on community impact Park View Community Mission celebrates 30 years of serving the greater Lynchburg community. Montgomery County Sheriff's Office congratulates chief deputy on his retirement The Montgomery County Sheriff's Office is congratulating a chief deputy on his retirement. Power restored after more than 400 customers in Campbell County lost power: AEP The Appalachian Power outage map is showing that the outage is clear and restored. Firefighters respond to house fire in Lynchburg Firefighters were busy Tuesday evening battling a house fire in Lynchburg. Virginia State Police updates vehicle inspection stickers for 2026 A new vehicle safety inspection sticker will be put in place for 2026, according to the Virginia State Police. VDH to release Scott County pediatric cancer investigation report on January 8 The Virginia Department of Health’s Virginia Cancer Registry (VCR) will release its Scott County pediatric cancer investigation report on January 8, 2026. 4 teens face charges in string of Arlington burglaries Four teens face charges after a string of break-ins at businesses near the Pentagon City mall, according to Arlington County police.The three boys and one girl, See More Right arrow Watch Live Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending Multiple people injured in five-car crash on Wards Road, firefighters say Multiple people were injured Tuesday in a five-car crash in Campbell County, according to firefighters. Suspect dies after Lynchburg police officer tases him during reported assault response A man who was the suspect in a reported assault on Christmas Eve is dead after a police officer tased him during the incident response, LPD says. Beloved Lynchburg business, Easter Island, closes its doors A beloved shop in Lynchburg has officially closed its doors. 18-year-old charged with reckless driving after crashing through Food Lion doors The Amherst County Sheriff's Office said a car drove through the sliding doors and into the store of the Food Lion on Seminole Drive in Madison Heights. Inmate found unresponsive in Pittsylvania County jail cell, later pronounced dead An inmate was found unresponsive in their cell on Monday and was later pronounced dead by medical personnel, according to Pittsylvania County officials. Nation & World Timeline: Breaking down key events in Minnesota's fraud scandal Authorities say fraudsters have claimed billions of federal dollars in Minnesota, taking money meant to care for children and other vulnerable citizens. 3 more 'narco-terrorists' killed in boat strike, possibly leaving survivors: US military The U.S. military on Wednesday announced it launched attacks on three more boats that were allegedly smuggling drugs. Trump administration cuts funding to childcare services in MN amid fraud claims The Trump administration is ending 2025 in a similar way to how it started the year, making major cuts to funding. Will legitimate Minnesota childcare centers be hurt by fraud-fighting funding freeze? Health and Human Services Deputy Secretary Jim O'Neill announced his agency has frozen all childcare payments to Minnesota to root out fraud in the state. 'Nothing short of brutal': West Virginia man pleads guilty in death of 3-month-old baby A West Virginia man is facing prison time for the shocking death of a 3-month-old child, according to authorities. Dad who threw 8-month-old at wall because he was losing at NBA video game learns sentence A father accused of throwing his 8-month-old son against a wall because he was losing at an NBA video game was sentenced to 12 years in prison. New laws coming Jan. 1: Higher minimum wage, gambling taxes and social media time limit Across the country, the new year means new laws. Starting Thursday. See More Right arrow Sports VMI announces next head coach for Football The next head football coach for VMI has been announced. Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Hokies to wear shoes designed by pediatric patients during January games They say you don't really know someone until you’ve walked in their shoes. See More Right arrow Entertainment Jennifer Lopez responds after commenters say she’s 'always naked' Jennifer Lopez clapped back at haters saying she doesn't "dress her age" while kicking off her Las Vegas residency. The six best New Year’s episodes of TV to ring in 2026! It's time to ring in the new year with some classic sitcom episodes that celebrate the changing of the calendar. Chevy Chase called "rudest ever" by director after shocking interview encounter Marina Zenovich, the director behind "I’m Chevy Chase, and You’re Not" speaks out on her personal negative experience with one of Hollywood's great enigmas. The most annoying songs of 2025 have been revealed! The most annoying songs of the year have been named via research from StudyFinds.org.The ticket search engine SeatPick revealed data from a study of viral songs See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Who pays for towing and storage after a Virginia car accident? "Find out who should pay towing and storage fees after a Virginia car accident, how insurance coverage works, and when to contact a car accident attorney. SPONSORED Strength in numbers: The power of shared grief support after suicide loss Losing a loved one to suicide is a life-altering experience that often brings a wave of emotions unlike any other form of grief. SPONSORED Holiday Greeting from All Phase Roofing and Construction Merry Christmas from All Phase Roofing and Contruction. SPONSORED Simplify gutter care and maintenance for your home As a homeowner, it’s easy to overlook your gutters&mdash;until there’s a problem. The spring season is the perfect time to prioritize gutter cleaning! SPONSORED Celebrate spring with some fresh, DIY landscaping projects! With the weather warming up, spring is the perfect time to refresh your outdoor space! Whether you're finally planting that garden you've been thinking about, w SPONSORED Experience the splendor of Christmas Experience the splendor of Christmas SPONSORED Celebrate Spooky Season at Lynchburg's best family-friendly Halloween event! Thomas Road Baptist Church presents Kids Karnival, a spooktacular Halloween event for you and your children! Enjoy a fun-filled outdoor evening of inflatables, SPONSORED Ways to Save with Xfinity Mobile Ways to Save with Xfinity Mobile SPONSORED The importance of auto insurance: How much should you carry on your policy? Auto insurance is not just an essential financial safety net; it's also a legal requirement in most states. Virginia currently allows drivers pay $500 to regist SPONSORED The 2023 Virginia Christmas Spectacular, featuring the legendary Living Christmas Tree Come experience the splendor of Christmas as Thomas Road Baptist Church presents the 2023 Virginia Christmas Spectacular, featuring the legendary Living Christm SPONSORED Understanding gap insurance: Protection beyond the basics Auto insurance is a necessity for every driver, offering financial protection in case of accidents, theft, or other incidents involving your vehicle. Most state SPONSORED The crucial role of liability insurance and uninsured motorist insurance Automobile insurance is an essential part of responsible vehicle ownership. Among the various coverage types available, liability insurance stands out as one of Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page At the Capitol ABC13 EXCLUSIVE: Rep. Bob Good explains what happened during House Speaker vote The vote for Speaker of the House had a number of dramatic turns over the past week. The drama continued late into Friday night and early Saturday morning after Republican attorneys general sue USDA over LGBTQ school guidance Representatives put careers on line in pursuit of justice for Jan. 6 Reps. Elaine Luria and Adam Kinzinger, who will lead questioning in the closing summer hearing of the Jan. Hundreds of Virginia inmates blocked from planned release Gov. Youngkin appoints 'conservative majority' on Virginia Board of Education Gov. Youngkin appoints &lsquo;conservative majority&rsquo; on Virginia Board of Education. Gov. Youngkin seeking bill that would tighten abortion laws in Virginia The Supreme Court of the United States Friday officially overturned the landmark abortion case Roe v. Wade and will allow states to ban abortion. Virginia Gov. Is Virginia Gov. Glenn Youngkin gearing up to run for president in 2024? Virginia Gov. Glenn Youngkin is fueling speculation that he might have political ambitions beyond his current job. US Supreme Court rules that Americans are legally allowed to carry guns in public A landmark decision by the United States Supreme Court declaring New York's concealed carry law unconstitutional Thursday. Republicans hope to carry Virginia success into US House races RICHMOND, Va. (AP) &mdash; A GOP sweep of Virginia&rsquo;s 2021 statewide elections &mdash; and particularly Gov. Glenn Youngkin&rsquo;s win &mdash; appears to have energized the Republican field in two of the country&rsquo;s most competitive U. S. House races. Tuesday&rsquo;s crowded Republican congressional primaries in Virginia&rsquo;s 2nd and 7th districts will settle who takes on centrist Democrats Elaine Luria and Abigail Spanberger in November&rsquo;s general elections, which in turn could help determine which party controls the U. S. House. Youngkin slams state Democrats after Va. Senate nixes 90-day gas tax suspension proposal The Virginia Senate Friday struck downGov. Glenn Youngkin's proposed change to suspend the approximately 26 cents per gallon tax on gasoline from July 1 through Sept. 30. Earlier in the day, the House has passes the amendment. The Senate vote was 21-18. "Democrats failed to put politics aside for the good of Virginians &mdash; for a third time," Youngkin tweeted. Youngkin has been calling for a gas tax holiday since he was on the campaign trail. Youngkin pushes gas tax holiday, education and safety measures in budget proposal Gov. Glenn Youngkin has new demands to get a state budget deal done. Wednesday night, Gov. Youngkin's team sent out another round of changes to the state budget. It includes a total of 38 budget amendments. The governor says he's focused on three things: Expanding opportunities for education. Keeping communities safe. Making Virginia the best state for business. To save Virginians money at the pump, Gov. Youngkin includes a three-month gas tax suspension from July 1 through September 30. Judge expedites lawsuit seeking new Virginia House elections RICHMOND, Va. (AP) &mdash; A federal judge on Monday agreed to an accelerated schedule for a new lawsuit that seeks to force members of Virginia's Republican-controlled House of Delegates to face unscheduled elections this fall. House elections in 2021 were supposed to be the first held under constitutionally required redistricting based on the 2020 census. But because census results were delayed by the COVID-19 pandemic, the state held elections under old legislative boundaries. Commanders stadium bill tabled by Va. lawmakers following coach's controversial remarks RICHMOND, Va. (AP) &mdash; The General Assembly is tabling for the year legislation intended to lure the Washington Commanders to Virginia, a top state lawmaker said Thursday. Democratic Senate Majority Leader Dick Saslaw said in a brief interview that there were too many issues to be resolved and controversies surrounding the NFL team for the legislation to proceed. It could be reintroduced next year, he said. The team did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Commanders coach 'sorry' for comparing insurrection to George Floyd protests ASHBURN, Va. (AP) &mdash; An assistant coach for the NFL's Washington Commanders issued an apology for his word choice after doubling down on a comparison he made on social media between the violent attack on the U. S. Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021, and the protests in the wake of the police killing of George Floyd. Jack Del Rio, a former linebacker who now runs Washington's defense, downplayed the deadly insurrection and questioned why the summer of 2020 protests were not receiving the same scrutiny. Judges toss suit seeking Virginia House elections this year RICHMOND, Va. (AP) &mdash; A three-judge panel dismissed a federal lawsuit Monday that sought to force all 100 members of Virginia&rsquo;s Republican-controlled House of Delegates to face an unscheduled election this year. U. S. District Judge David Novak, joined by two other judges, ruled that Paul Goldman, an attorney and longtime Democratic Party activist, lacked standing to pursue the lawsuit he filed last June. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page Living in the Heart of Virginia Step Into The New Year With A Fresh Look from Plexaderm Wanting that refreshed look going into the new year? Plexaderm can get the job done! Kaci found out how you can get your hands on a $14.95 trial pack with free Shineforth with Resources and Support in Your Fostering Journey Shineforth formerly known as UMFS is keeping the great work going in helping foster parents in their journey! Kaci learned about what they have to offer and how Safe, Science-Backed Weight Loss: The Latest Medications & Medical Expertise For many people, weight loss can feel overwhelming but with the right medical support, real results are possible. See More Right arrow Heroes in the Heart of Virginia 11-year-old reenactor with a passion for history connects with WWII veterans Ethan Bucklew has wanted to fight for his country ever since he was six years old. Until that can happen, here's how he passes his time. 'My hero': D-Day Memorial founding member, Lucille Boggess' family remembers her legacy A founding member of the National D-Day Memorial has passed away, but her commitment to her community will not soon be forgotten. Danville community gathers for annual parade to celebrate veterans People from all across the River City lined Main Street in Danville for the annual Veterans' Day parade on Saturday. They fought in Normandy on D-Day as soldiers. 81 years later, they're neighbors. As Veterans Day nears, we're reminded that history doesn't just live in museums or textbooks. It's also in the stories of those who were there. See More Right arrow Weather Extra Cool and sunny end to the year with warmer weather on the way by the weekend As we end 2025 and ring in 2026, the colder air will stick around, too. Arctic chill Tuesday morning with windy weather keeping wind chills below freezing all day Tuesday's highs are back to reality in the 30s, and it'll be windy, so the wind chill will make it feel like freezing all day long. Wild and windy weather starts the week with sharp drop-off in temperatures this afternoon The Monday morning commute back to work may be a touch on the wet side, but we should end the rain chances by the second half of Monday, and dry out. See More Right arrow High School Sports Three area student athletes sign letters of intent Three area student-athletes signed letters of intent on Wednesday. What makes The Perfect Plate on Thanksgiving? We asked the experts Regional Finals will be kicking off in now just under 24 hours, on Friday evening.Teams were out placing the final touches on the game plan Thanksgiving morni Matchups are now set for VHSL regional finals The list of local teams still in the hunt to reach Championship Saturday is getting smaller and smaller.This week, ABC13 Football Friday will be covering VHSL R Two Rockbridge County student athletes sign to college Wednesday, two Rockbridge County students took the next steps in their athletic journey.Lola Mulitalo signed with Kennesaw State for girls lacrosseMeanwhile, K See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2026 Sinclair, Inc.