Home | Wilson Sonsini menu Experience People Insights About Us Careers Practice Areas Industries Corporate Intellectual Property Litigation Patents and Innovations Regulatory Technology Transactions Capital Markets Corporate Governance Corporate Life Sciences Derivatives Emerging Companies and Venture Capital Employee Benefits and Compensation Energy and Climate Solutions Executive Advisory Program Finance and Structured Finance Fund Formation Greater China Israel Latin America Mergers & Acquisitions Private Equity Public Company Representation Real Estate Restructuring Shareholder Engagement and Activism Tax U.S. Expansion Wealthtech Special Purpose Acquisition Companies (SPACs) Environmental, Social, and Governance AI and Data Center Infrastructure Energy Regulation and Competition Project Development and M&A Project Finance and Tax Credit Transactions Sustainability and Decarbonization Transportation Electrification U.S. Expansion Library and Resources Post-Grant Review Trademark and Advertising Antitrust Litigation Arbitration Board and Internal Investigations Class Action Litigation Commercial Litigation Consumer Litigation Corporate Governance Litigation Employment Litigation Executive Branch Updates Government Investigations Internet Strategy and Litigation Patent Litigation Securities Litigation State Attorneys General Supreme Court and Appellate Practice Trade Secret Litigation Trademark and Copyright Litigation Trial White Collar Crime Advertising, Promotions, and Marketing Antitrust and Competition Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S. (CFIUS) Communications Data, Privacy, and Cybersecurity Export Control and Sanctions FCPA and Anti-Corruption FDA Regulatory, Healthcare, and Consumer Products Federal Trade Commission Fintech and Financial Services Government Contracts National Security and Trade Payments State Attorneys General Strategic Risk and Crisis Management Tariffs, Customs, and Import Compliance Antitrust and Intellectual Property Antitrust Civil Enforcement Antitrust Compliance and Business Strategy Antitrust Criminal Enforcement Antitrust Litigation Antitrust Merger Clearance European Competition Law Third-Party Merger and Non-Merger Antitrust Representation Anti-Money Laundering Foreign Ownership, Control, or Influence (FOCI) Team Telecom Animal Health Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Aviation Biotech Blockchain and Cryptocurrency Clean Energy Climate and Clean Technologies Communications and Networking Consumer Products and Services Data Storage and Cloud Diagnostics, Life Science Tools, and Deep Tech Digital Health Digital Media and Entertainment Electronic Gaming FoodTech and AgTech Fintech and Financial Services Global Generics Internet Life Sciences Medical Devices Mobile Devices Mobility NewSpace Quantum Computing Semiconductors Software Offices Country Desks Events Pro Bono Community Our Diversity Sustainability Our Values Board of Directors Management Team Austin Boston Boulder Brussels Century City Hong Kong London Los Angeles New York Palo Alto Salt Lake City San Diego San Francisco Seattle Shanghai Washington, D.C. Wilmington, DE Law Students Judicial Clerks Experienced Attorneys Patent Agents Business Professionals Alternative Legal Careers Contact Recruiting Life Sciences Leadership. Wilson Sonsini has worked with leading life sciences innovators across every industry sector—from biotechnology and diagnostics to medical devices and therapeutics. The unique history of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati closely traces the birth and evolution of Silicon Valley. For more than 60 years, Wilson Sonsini has represented technology pioneers associated with virtually every milestone innovation, as well as life sciences trailblazers shaping the future of healthcare. Today, the firm is synonymous with ushering promising, innovative companies through their business life cycle. Read More About Us Quick Links Visit our Careers Microsite Find the right attorney Sign in to Neuron Wilson Sonsini secured a jury trial win for Google in a case alleging misuse of advertising technology. Click for additional details. Careers We look for the best and brightest of tomorrow and develop careers from the ground up. Attorney Recruiting Professional Staff Contacts News and Featured Insights Alerts Foreign Private Issuer Insiders to Be Subject to Section 16(a) Reporting Alerts Continued Scrutiny of Genus Claims: The Written Description and Enablement Requirements for Broad and Previously Undisclosed Subgenera Alerts ASTP/ONC Issues an RFI Seeking Input on How HHS Can Accelerate Adoption and Use of AI in Clinical Care Leading Matters Client Highlights Wilson Sonsini Advises BriefCatch on $6 Million Series A On December 29, 2025, BriefCatch, a legal-writing platform used by law firms and courts, announced it has raised $6 million in Series A financing, representing a significant up round. The round was led by Full In, a software-focused growth equity firm. Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati advised BriefCatch on the transaction. The Series A investment will support the continued development of BriefCatch's legal-writing platform and help advance the company's long-term vision of a more comprehensive, integrated set of AI-assisted writing tools for legal professionals. The Wilson Sonsini team that advised BriefCatch on the transaction included Daniel Keating , Salil Gandhi , Brett Schulman , and Patrick Mullery . For more information, please see BriefCatch’s news release . Learn More Client Highlights Wilson Sonsini Advises Cursor on Acquisition of Graphite On December 19, 2025, Cursor, the leading AI development platform, announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Graphite, a start-up that uses AI to review code. The financial terms of the deal were not disclosed. Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati advised Cursor on the transaction. The transaction brings together best-in-class tools for creating, reviewing, and merging code in the AI age. Graphite will continue to operate independently, with the same team and product. According to Cursor, in the coming months the two companies will explore connecting their products, for instance with tighter integrations between local development and pull requests and smarter code review that learns from both systems. The Wilson Sonsini team that advised Cursor on the transaction included: M&A Rich Mullen Ryan Cooper Hallee Moore Valerie Lopez Drew Downing Learn More Client Highlights Firm Advises Culture Biosciences on Series C Financing Round On December 16, 2025, Culture Biosciences, a leader in cloud-based biomanufacturing, announced the successful close of its Series C fundraising round led by existing investors including Northpond Ventures, Synthesis Capital, S32, and Cultivian Sandbox, reflecting strong conviction among current shareholders in Culture’s trajectory and long-term strategy. Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati advised Culture on the transaction. The Series C financing will accelerate the commercial expansion of Culture’s next-generation hardware product, the Stratyx 250, as well as fuel continued development of the company’s AI-powered Console software ecosystem. The Stratyx 250 system is engineered to provide scalable, automated, and digitally connected bioprocess capacity designed for modern biologics, cell therapy, and advanced bioprocess development needs. In parallel, Culture will expand the AI-enabled capabilities of its Console software platform, including advanced data integration, predictive modeling, and automated analysis tools intended to streamline development cycles and enhance process decision-making for customers. The Wilson Sonsini team that advised Culture on the financing included Andrew Hoffman , Terence Desouza , Utsav Lall , Kate Kirkpatrick , Michael Murrietta, and Casey Hepburn. Learn More Client Highlights Wilson Sonsini Advises Nutanix on $300 Million Accelerated Share Repurchase Program On December 17, 2025, Nutanix, Inc., a leader in hybrid multicloud computing, announced that it had entered into an accelerated share repurchase (ASR) agreement with Bank of America. Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati advised Nutanix on the transaction. Learn More Client Highlights Wilson Sonsini Advises Udemy on Combination with Coursera On December 17, 2025, Udemy, Inc., an AI-powered skills acceleration platform that combines on-demand, multi-language content with real-time innovation, and Coursera, Inc., an AI-powered online learning platform, announced that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement under which Coursera will combine with Udemy in an all-stock transaction. Based on the closing prices of Coursera and Udemy common stock on December 16, 2025, the implied equity value of the combined company is approximately $2.5 billion. The transaction is expected to close by the second half of 2026, subject to the receipt of required regulatory approvals, approval by Coursera and Udemy shareholders, and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. Learn More Client Highlights Wilson Sonsini Advises Aeovian Pharmaceuticals on Patent Matters Related to $55 Million Series B Financing On December 16, 2025, Aeovian Pharmaceuticals, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing highly selective small molecule therapeutics that restore cellular metabolic quality control, announced it has closed an oversubscribed $55 million Series B financing that will fund completion of a Phase 2 proof-of-concept study for its lead development candidate, AV078, in tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC)-related refractory epilepsy. Proceeds from the financing will support the advancement of AV078 into a Phase 2 proof-of-concept study in participants with TSC-refractory epilepsy. Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati advised Aeovian Pharmaceuticals on patent matters related to the transaction. Learn More See More Leading Matters The Entrepreneurs Report : Q3 2025 We’ve compiled a range of data on venture, convertible note, and SAFE financing transactions in which the firm was involved during the third quarter, with the objective of identifying relevant trends in activity and valuation levels for the U.S. venture capital industry in general. Read More people insights about us careers Binder Alumni Mailing List Signup Client FTP Portal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Accessibility Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Instagram Youtube Copyright © 2025 Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati. All Rights Reserved.