WSMV Skip to content Watch Live News First Alert Weather Submit Photos & Video Today in Nashville TN In Ten TN Valley Sports Network We the People Home News Local News US & World News 75 Years of WSMV Watch WSMV4 First Alert 4 Weather How to Stream WSMV First Alert Weather First Alert Weather Plus First Alert Live Radar First Alert Interactive Radar Weather Cams First Alert Weather Maps How to Program a Weather Radio WSMV4 Investigates Predator: System Failure Sobering Problem Thin Blurred Line Monster Coming Out Troubled Waters They Would Not Be Silenced Murders on Main Street Contact WSMV4 Investigates Submit Photos & Video We the People TN In Ten Closings/Delays Memorials WSMV Programs Black History Month Crime Map Today in Nashville Music City Specialists Traffic Traffic Map Gas Prices Braves on Gray Sports 30 Days 30 Vols Touchdown Friday Night Scoreboard TN Valley Sports Network Live Poll WSMV4 News Team Station Information Community Calendar Advertise With WSMV Over-The-Air Reception Tips TV Schedule Snowbird Alexa Setup Closed Captioning Contact Us Careers Newsletters NEXTGEN TV Contests Surprise Squad Circle Country NextGen TV Watch In HDR Zeam - News Streams Gray DC Bureau InvestigateTV Watching Your Wallet PowerNation Digital Marketing Gray AI Policy Train derailment releases toxic gas, forces shelter-in-place order in Kentucky Dismiss Breaking News Alerts Bar TRENDING Homeland Security says a fraud investigation is underway in Minneapolis Father of NASCAR driver Denny Hamlin killed in house fire, mother seriously injured Train derailment releases toxic gas, forces shelter-in-place order in Kentucky Residents were told to ‘shelter in place’ and to turn off their HVAC systems despite freezing morning temperatures. US & World News SNAP bans on soda, candy and other foods take effect in five states Jan. 1 News Nashville prepares for New Year’s Eve Big Bash with 250,000 expected News Kentucky road to remain closed through end of week following train derailment TOP HEADLINES US & World News Starbucks closed about 400 locations in 2025 Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 10:43 AM CST | By CNN Newsource staff You might start noticing fewer Starbucks shops around. News Missouri man with no water or electricity scrambled to save dozens of stray animals. Now, people have donated thousands to help him. Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 2:08 PM CST | By Li Cohen Hundreds of people are rallying for an elderly Missouri man who helped save dozens of stray animals. First Alert Weather First Alert Forecast: Return of warmer weather Updated : 3 hours ago | By Stefano DiPietro We are tracking some rain to end the week. News Assisted living facility placed under lockdown in Dickson Updated : 19 hours ago | By Caleb Wethington The lockdown is out of precaution for the entire campus, a spokesperson confirmed. News CSX train derailment forces evacuations in Todd County, KY Updated : 14 hours ago | By Amber Jayanth Chuck Sadler with the Trenton Voluntary Fire Department said it will take a while before they know what caused the derailment, but he said he's thankful no one was hurt. News Cookeville hospital restricting visitors due to rise in flu, COVID-19 cases Updated : 11 minutes ago | By Tony Garcia As of Wednesday, no visitors under the age of 16 are allowed at Cookeville Regional Medical Center. 7-Day Forecast LATEST VIDEO News Video: Suspects wanted for abandoning dog day after Christmas in Wilson County News This day in history: Tennessee's coldest day News Domestic violence registry goes live Jan. 1 News Taylor Swift donates to Children's hospital MORE NEWS News Bell Road shooting victim remembered as ‘very happy guy’ by family Updated : 15 hours ago | By Dryden Quigley The family of a man killed in a weekend shooting on Bell Road said they are devastated by the loss of someone they described as a kind and compassionate person. News ‘She could still be here’: Mother of slain sheriff’s deputy celebrates new TN domestic violence offender registry Updated : 10 hours ago | By Braden Ross Under Savanna’s Law, someone convicted of at least two domestic violence related charges, like murder, assault and stalking, get put on the publicly available and searchable list. It’s the first of it’s kind in the nation. News Todd County train derailment: Residents told to shut off heat amid arctic blast Updated : 23 hours ago | By Stefano DiPietro The derailment caused a hazardous materials situation, prompting officials to issue a shelter-in-place order and ask people to turn off HVAC systems just as cold weather grips the Midstate. News What is molten sulfur? The chemical involved in Kentucky train derailment Updated : 21 hours ago | By Danielle Ledbetter Todd County Emergency Management reported that molten sulfur was spilled from one of the train cars that derailed. News Mt. Juliet police return missing service dog to owner Updated : 11 hours ago | By Danica Sauter MJPD posted a social media post about Zen on Tuesday afternoon. Later, officers responded to the Nashville and Hermitage area after a person called and said they found Zen. Kentucky Kentucky child dies from flu; first pediatric death this season Updated : 17 hours ago | By WKYT News Staff A Kentucky child has died from influenza, marking the first pediatric flu death this season, state health officials announced Tuesday. News Crews rescue dog stranded in Middle TN river behind Costco Updated : 16 hours ago | By Caleb Wethington The team responded to a report of a stranded dog in the West Fork Stones River off Warrior Drive behind Costco. News Violent crimes against children: 82 arrests made, 67 victims recovered in TN in 2025, FBI reports Updated : 16 hours ago | By Caleb Wethington The Federal Bureau of Investigation has released statistics on violent crimes against children in Tennessee for 2025. News Taylor Swift donates to children’s hospital in Nashville Updated : 14 hours ago | By Brendan Tierney and Caleb Wethington “We are so grateful to Taylor Swift for her generous gifts to Monroe Carell.” News Driver accused in drunken injury crash in Nashville arrested in Williamson County Updated : 18 hours ago | By Caleb Wethington The driver was arrested for DUI and the Metro Nashville Police Department secured six warrants, including two felonies, for the suspect. News Lawmaker pushing to rename TN post office after World War II Medal of Honor recipient Updated : 19 hours ago | By Caleb Wethington The congressman is pushing for the Columbia Post Office to be renamed in honor of WWII hero John Harlan Willis. News Video: Suspects wanted for abandoning dog day after Christmas in Wilson County Updated : 20 hours ago | By Caleb Wethington The video shows the dog chasing the vehicles that dumped him. MORE NEWS Vanderbilt What to know for Vanderbilt’s bowl game against Iowa Updated : 20 hours ago | By Caleb Wethington On Wednesday, quarterback Diego Pavia and company will face off against the Hawkeyes at 11 a.m. in Tampa on ESPN. News Spoof calls: Tennesseans targeted by scammers demanding money for injured pets Updated : 21 hours ago | By Caleb Wethington The Bedford County Animal Control reports residents are being called by scammers using spoofing technology. Tennessee Heartbreak again in the Music City as late Illini FG beats Tennessee, 30-28 Updated : 11 hours ago | By Rick Russo Tennessee and Illinois squaring off in annual Nashville Bowl Game News Downtown Nashville Christmas Day fire delays opening of new gourmet cookie store owned by MasterChef winner Updated : 22 hours ago | By Caleb Wethington The store was expected to open in early January, but is now deemed a total loss. News Man dies after being shot in Clarksville, search for suspect underway Updated : 22 hours ago | By Caleb Wethington Police believe this is an isolated incident, but can’t release more information due to the complexity of the case. News Aggressive flu strain spreads across U.S., with experts predicting more cases after holiday travel Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 8:07 PM CST | By Brendan Tierney The aggressive H3N2 subclade K variant is not fully covered by this year's vaccine. News 19-year-old facing several charges after reported explosion on federal property Updated : Dec. 28, 2025 at 5:20 PM CST | By Olivia Tock An explosion near the Cumberland River Saturday night led to an arrest, authorities say. News Grandmother killed, 4-year-old hospitalized after ATV crash in TN Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 5:57 PM CST | By Caleb Wethington At the scene of the crash, a 4-year-old child and his grandmother were riding the ATV and had struck an outbuilding, the sheriff said. News Nashville woman arrested during shoplifting attempt at Mt. Juliet store Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 8:07 AM CST | By Tony Garcia Officers found the woman’s car parked in a handicap spot with the engine running. News Blount County deputy killed in on-duty crash, BCSO says Updated : Dec. 28, 2025 at 8:27 PM CST | By Nick McNeese Blount County Deputy Justin Mowery was killed in the line of duty in a car crash on Sunday night, BCSO said in a news release. News First Alert Weather Sports Contact Us News Tips: tips@wsmv.com Comments: comments@wsmv.com WSMV 5700 Knob Road Nashville, TN 37209 (615) 353-4444 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Public Inspection File EEO Statement FCC Applications Public File: publicfile@wsmv.com - 615-353-2260 Children's Programming Closed Captioning/Audio Description Advertising Digital Marketing Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence. A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025