West Texas A&M University | WTAMU SKIP TO PAGE CONTENT Menu Apply Visit Quick Links Buff Connect Info For Future Students Transfer Students Current Students First-Generation Students Parents and Family Visitors Military and Veteran Services Faculty and Staff Alumni and Friends Giving About University Calendar Campus Information Map BuffTransit Facilities President WT125 Bookstore Admissions Apply Visit Financial Aid Scholarships Orientation Advising Registrar Business Office Academics Colleges and Departments Graduate School Degree Programs Online Degree Programs Academic Affairs Academic Calendar Advising Attebury Honors Catalog Cornette Library Extended Studies Harrington Academic Hall Nationally Competitive Scholarships Rogers LEAD WT Study Abroad Transfer Course Equivalencies Student Life Student Event Calendar Orientation Student Orgs Student Engagement Residence Halls Dining Counseling Services Student Accessibility Wellness Buff CARES Veterans Services Buff Alert Athletics GoBuffsGo.com Tickets Schedule Research Giving Apply Request Info Visit Us Empowering Educators Across the Panhandle WT is proud to offer the WT Educators Excellence Initiative, providing a 50-percent tuition and mandatory fee reduction for eligible educators in the Region 16 Education Service Center area. Learn More 55 Online Degrees 66 Undergraduate Programs 44 Graduate Programs 14:1 Student to Teacher Ratio WT is ranked nationally by U.S. News and World Report . Our online programs are also nationally ranked. Festival of Lights Recap The Festival of Lights marks the official lighting of the WT campus, transforming the grounds into a glowing holiday spectacle. Nearly 200,000 bulbs illuminate buildings, trees, and walkways as the community gathers to celebrate the start of the season. Apply Thinking about starting or continuing college? West Texas A&M University has the support and resources you need. Apply today and join the Buff community. Apply Graduation Congratulations to our December graduates! Download the commencement program and view the livestreams from the fall 2025 ceremonies. Learn More Sybil B. Harrington College of Fine Arts and Humanities The College of Fine Arts and Humanities fosters creativity, critical thinking, and cultural awareness, empowering students to excel in the arts, communication, and humanities. Learn More Scholarships WT scholarship applications are open. Don’t miss the February 1 priority deadline! Apply Now WT Online Get a flexible and affordable degree that fits your schedule. Get Started Winter Break Residence halls close for winter break on December 12, and reopen on January 16. Learn More News Loading News... More WT News See the Plan President Walter V. Wendler Reflections From WT Accessibility Accreditation Consumer Information Contact WT Counseling & Mental Health Services (HB2895) Emergency Information Energy Management Report (PDF) Equal Opportunity & Nondiscrimination Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act Form Policy GDPR House Bill 2504 Legislative Appropriation Request Link Policy and Privacy Statement Online Institutional Resumes Open Records/ Public Information Act Risk, Fraud and Misconduct Hotline SB18 Report State of Texas Statewide Search Texas CREWS Texas Homeland Security Texas Veterans Portal University Directory University Organizational Chart (PDF) Title IX © West Texas A&M University | All Rights Reserved Canyon, TX 79016 | 806-651-0000 Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Instagram