World Travel & Tourism Council (WTTC) Logo Search Get Involved Menu About Us Our Focus & Initiatives Events & Webinars Membership Blog News Back About Us Who We Are Careers Brand Resources Newsletter Contact Us Back Our Focus & Initiatives Our Data Reports & Insights Governments Driving Sustainability in Hospitality Other Initiatives Back Our Data Economic Impact Research (EIR) Environmental & Social Research (ESR) Knowledge Partners Data and Research Enquiries Back Reports & Insights Sustainability Social Impact Technology & Innovation Travel Facilitation & Better Borders Regional & Sectoral Analysis Resilience & Crisis Preparedness Back Other Initiatives Nature Positive Travel & Tourism To Recovery & Beyond Destination Spotlight Back Events & Webinars Global Summits Webinars External WTTC Industry Events Hosting the Global Summit Event Enquiries Back Membership WTTC Members Membership Enquiries Associates Community Sponsors and Partners Research Hub Together in Travel Search Search Search Close Home - World Travel & Tourism Council Our Members WTTC is the only global body representing the Travel & Tourism private sector and its numerous industries. The Council’s Members are the Chairmen or Chief Executives of leading global Travel & Tourism companies, from all geographies and industries. See Our Members Webinar: Regenerating Destinations Through Nature Positive Tourism Discover how to identify priority action areas and align operations to address biodiversity challenges in this 90-minute webinar. Watch Now WTTC Global Summit Rome, Italy Watch on-demand sessions from WTTC's 25th Global Summit. Watch the Sessions Online Travel & Tourism Economic Impact 2025: Global Trends Get our 2025 trends report to learn about emerging trends, as well as read our analysis on the recovery and growth of the Travel & Tourism sector. Get the Report The Future of Work in Travel & Tourism: The key trends shaping workforce strategies Read our comprehensive report revealing the current and future trends for the Travel & Tourism workforce, and the challenges and opportunities for Travel & Tourism employers. Get the Report The World Travel & Tourism Council (WTTC) represents the global Travel & Tourism private sector For over 35 years, WTTC has conducted research on the economic impact of Travel & Tourism in 184 countries, as well as issues such as overcrowding, taxation, policy-making, and many others, so as to raise awareness of the importance of the Travel & Tourism sector as one of the world’s largest and most important economic sectors. As a non-profit membership-based organisation, our members and partners are the core of our organisation and include over 200 CEOs, Chairpersons, and Presidents of the world’s leading Travel & Tourism companies from all geographies and industries. Learn more about WTTC Latest news from WTTC and the Travel & Tourism industry. WTTC regularly publishes news and press releases on a range of Travel & Tourism topics. You can catch up with some of the most recent below: See All News Loading... 21 Nov 2025 WTTC Announces Bain & Company as New Industry Partner View more 20 Nov 2025 Global Aviation and Travel & Tourism Leaders Call for Strengthened International Cooperation at COP30 View more 10 Nov 2025 WTTC Congratulates Shaikha Al Nowais on Official Appointment as UN Tourism Secretary-General View more Our Members Interested in joining? Explore the WTTC membership benefits and enquire today. WTTC is the only global body representing the Travel & Tourism private sector and its numerous industries. The Council’s Members are the Chairmen or Chief Executives of leading global Travel & Tourism companies, from all geographies and industries, including hotels, airlines, airports, tour operators, cruise, car rental, travel agents and rail, enabling them to speak with one voice to governments and international bodies. Learn About Membership Research & Insights WTTC Research Hub WTTC regularly releases new reports on Travel & Tourism. Visit the WTTC Research Hub to find all our reports and factsheets. Visit the Research Hub EVENTS & WEBINARS Learn from industry leaders, as well as network with government and industry peers. View More Our Latest Initiative Together in Travel Together in Travel is specifically aimed at small and medium enterprises (SMEs) which make up around 80% of the global travel community. This free-to-subscribe platform aims to provide tools and content to both accelerate their business growth and ensure their voices are heard globally. Visit Together in Travel Latest on Our Blog Discover WTTC's thought-provoking blogs, covering topics from sustainability and economic impact to travel trends and industry innovation. View All Blogs Loading... 30 Sep 2025 Seas of Opportunity: Harnessing the ocean to tackle tourism’s greatest challenges View more 27 Sep 2025 A perfect day in Madrid View more 19 Aug 2025 Why Nature is Everyone's Business View more Global Summits WTTC Global Summit in Rome, Italy. In 2025, we hosted the 25th WTTC Global Summit in Rome, Italy. This was an invite-only event, but everyone is welcome to watch the sessions online. Learn More Discover More from WTTC Sustainability Social Impact Initiatives Data, Reports and Insights Sustainable and Inclusive Growth Travel & Tourism growth is outpacing that of the global economy, and while WTTC data shows that the sector’s environmental footprint is being decoupled from its economic growth, we must accelerate this trend to meet the UN Sustainable Development Goals, Paris Climate Agreement and Convention on Biological Diversity. It is essential, that together, we ensure that tourism growth is sustainable & inclusive, contributing positively to the communities, natural ecosystems, and cultural heritage upon which our sector depends. Learn More Social Impact of Travel & Tourism Travel & Tourism should and can contribute positively to the communities upon which it depends while protecting cultural and natural heritage. In this context, WTTC convenes stakeholders from the public and private sectors, as well as local communities to devise strategies to enable inclusive and sustainable growth. Learn More Our Focus and Initiatives Our mission is to ensure the long-term sustainable and inclusive growth of Travel & Tourism. WTTC focuses on various topics to enable and advocate public and private collaboration to address current and emerging challenges and opportunities in the sector. Learn More Data, Reports & Insights WTTC publishes unique data on the economic, environmental and social impact of Travel & Tourism. As well as this we create reports on a variety of Travel & Tourism topics, including technology, sectoral analysis, social impact and sustainability. Our Data Reports and Insights Logo About About Us Careers Brand Resources Newsletter Contact Us Our Focus Our Focus & Initiatives Our Data Sustainability Social Impact Governments Events & Webinars Events & Webinars Global Summits Webinars Event Enquiries Membership Membership WTTC Members Associates Community Sponsors and Partners Membership Enquiries News & Blogs News Media Hub Press Enquiries Tel: +44 (0) 207 481 8007 Email: [email protected] Strategic Partners: © World Travel & Tourism Council Our mission is to maximise the inclusive and sustainable growth potential of the Travel & Tourism sector through global partnerships. Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Copyright Statement