WTTW | Chicago’s PBS station streaming News, Kids, Drama, and Documentaries Skip to main content Search WTTW: Neighborhoods Food Kids Donate Search WTTW: Toggle main menu visibility Search WTTW: Live TV Schedule Watch Programs News Events About Support WTTW Passport Newsletters Donate Food Neighborhoods Kids Schedule Watch Live TV 10 That Changed America Art & Design in Chicago Beyond Chicago from the Air with
								Geoffrey Baer Black Voices Check, Please! Chicago by 'L' with Geoffrey Baer Chicago from the Air with Geoffrey
								Baer Chicago Mysteries Chicago Stories Chicago Tonight Chicago Tonight: Voices Firsthand: Coronavirus Firsthand: Gun Violence Firsthand: Homeless Firsthand: Life After Prison Firsthand: Living in Poverty Firsthand: Segregation The Great Chicago Quiz Show Latino Voices The Most Beautiful Places in
								Chicago Prehistoric Road Trip Urban Nature All Shows Programs News Events About Support Live TV Passport Newsletters Donate Live TV Passport Newsletters Homepage Crime & Law Chicago Set to End 2025 With Fewest Homicides in Years After 30% Drop With only a handful of days left before the calendar turns to 2026, Chicago is… Read More Crime & Law Steep Drop in Homicides Continued for Full Year After ShotSpotter Was Removed: Analysis Supporters of the gunshot detection system said it helped officers save lives… Read More tonight American Masters: Starring Dick Van Dyke Celebrate the life and career of legendary actor Dick Van Dyke on his 100th birthday. Known for films like Bye Bye Birdie, Mary Poppins, Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, TV show Diagnosis Murder and his classic CBS sitcom, Van Dyke has delighted audiences on screen and stage for eight decades. Featuring never-before-seen footage, photos and home movies that detail Van Dyke's extraordinary showbiz legacy. Tuesday at 7:00 pm | Watch Preview preview From Vienna: The New Year’s Celebration 2026 The famed Vienna Philharmonic rings in the new year with its annual concert from Vienna’s Musikverein conducted by Yannick Nézet-Séguin and hosted by Hugh Bonneville. food Our Most Popular Recipes of 2025 From nostalgic classics to new twists, our most popular recipes of 2025 serve up a little comfort and plenty of curiosity. food Make the Porky Rice-and-Peas Hoppin' John for New Year's Day Try Cook's Country's adaptation of Gullah Geechee cook Emily Meggett's original version. For parents New Year’s Eve, Family Style New Year’s Eve celebrations are often adult-only events, but kids get excited about the big night as well. Arts & Entertainment Chicago Ready for High-Profile New Year’s Eve Celebration: Mayor, Top Cop Grammy Award-winning artist and Chicago native Chance the Rapper  will be the show’s Chicago co-host. The event is free and open to the public. Food A Cafe and Brunch Spot Opens in East Garfield Park Next to the Expansive Park Semaphore Cafe aims to be a community gathering space in East Garfield Park. "I've never felt more welcome anywhere in the city," says the owner, a new resident. Chicago Stories The Tragedy of the Iroquois Theater Fire The day before New Year’s Eve in 1903, a tragedy befell the city of Chicago: 602 people perished in the deadliest single-building fire in United States history. Arts & Entertainment Intuit Art Museum Showcases Self-Taught Artists, Work About Migration in Catalyst: Im/migration The Intuit Art Museum champions the work of self-taught artists, those who create art outside of the mainstream art world. For parents 11 Simple Self-Care Habits for Kids Self-care isn’t selfish — it’s a basic need of being human! By teaching your child simple acts of self-care and including nurturing routines into your family life, you can show that taking care of ourselves, and each other, is important. Creating healthy habits of rest at a young age empowers kids to continue to be resilient in all life brings. What a gift to give your kids! membership Become a Member! Each day, WTTW brings you content that challenges your intellect and captivates your imagination, and that nurtures the minds and spirits of children and families. Join our family today! Thanks to our sponsors. Learn about sponsorship opportunities. WTTW News Video Story Archive Arts & Entertainment Business Crime & Law Politics Education Contact Us About Us Internships Send Us a Tip Advertise Sponsors Schedule WTTW WTTW Prime WTTW Create WTTW/PBS Kids Program Guide Watch All Video Kids Video Live Stream Programs Programs A-Z Playlist Events Event Calendar About Our Mission Our History Our Sponsors Chicago Production Center Local Productions National Syndication Pressroom Management & Board Advisory Board Financial Information Employment Volunteer Directions Contact Us Support Support WTTW Join/Renew - Pledge Offers & Contests Member Perks Membership Family Membership Corporate/Foundation Gifts Major/Planned Gifts Vehicle Donation Volunteer Membership FAQs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Public File Registered 501(c)(3), EIN: 36-2246703 © 2025 WWCI