WTware - thin client operating system Toggle navigation Home Read Download Buy Videos Contacts Forum WTware — thin client operating system Network boot Easy to configure Works with Server 2022 Runs on your hardware Install and forget Download v6.2.62, September 01, 2025 To work with Terminal Server, common practice is to install Windows on users' 
	computers and run Remote Desktop Connection. We recommend to remove users' hard disks and boot WTware by network instead 
	of Windows installation. The result in both cases — Windows Terminal Server desktop on users' screen. WTware is optimized for network boot No need to install operating system on hard drive. No need in hard drive at all.
	Just connect new computer to network, select to boot by network in BIOS — 
	and thin client is ready to use. In remote branches WTware may boot from USB flash or CD‑ROM. Easy to configure WTware includes services for network boot.  In the simplest case 
	(single server, single subnet, no DHCP) it's enough to install WTware on server.
	Setup will perform all needed server configuration and thin clients will be able to boot.
	For further workplaces tuning use graphic configurator, it knows everything. In large complex networks WTware needs two configured DHCP server parameters to boot. Works with Windows Server 2022 WTware works with all common RDP servers we know. We  
	tested Windows Server Terminal Services from 2000 to 2022, Hyper-V 
	VDI, Windows Remote Desktop Services xrdp on Linux, Mac Terminal Server. Four simultaneous sessions WTware can connect to four Terminal Servers at the same time.
	Flexible system of menus and options allows to adapt workplaces 
	to different scenarios of personal computers use. Works everywhere WTware works on any computer with x86-compatible processor. 
	Works on new Intel NUC nettops, on HP thin clients, on comon office PCs. 
	And on those old Celerons, that you sent to rest last year, it also works. You can connect printer, bar‑code scanner to thin client, logon to Windows by smart‑card. 
	Please, look at the full list of supported hardware . Raspberry Pi Credit-card sized motherboard with memory and Broadcom ARM-processor costs $35 at English manufacturer site .
	WTware works with Raspberry Pi 4 , Raspberry Pi 3 B+ , Raspberry Pi 3 (with Wi-Fi onboard) and Raspberry Pi 2 devices. It can be powered from embedded monitor USB-hub. 
	WTware boots from SD-card or by network. It's performance is sufficient for performing office tasks. Official WTware for Raspberry Pi site. Easy to replace workplace Thin client contains no hard drive. There's nothing to break. When thin client is watered 
        instead of user's favourite cactus, just replace hardware. All the settings are stored on server, programs are on server, user's data is on server. Invented by collective intelligence First WTware release is dated by 2003 year. It worked on computers with i486  processor and 8MB of RAM, run from one floppy. 
	There are thousands of topics with product discussions on our forum. 
	WTware is the result of system administrators wishes. Install and forget WTware mission is to make users' computers administration not more complicated than using electric kettle. 
	Bring a box, connect a wire, press a button. All works. If in two years terminal brakes, replace the box, 
	connect the wire, press the button. Works again. Administrator has to administer servers and network. 
	But he can and should get rid of operating system and software administration on workplaces. Version 6.2.62, September 01, 2025 WTware for x86 and Raspberry setup: setup.wtware.exe WTware Remote Control tool setup: setup.wtrc.exe What's new: Win-R, Win-E, Alt-Tab etc. redirected into WTRC win_l=remote redirects Win-L to server RDP Webcam redirection to Windows Server 2019 and newer Up to 4 VNC connections h264 by default on 2019 Server and newer Two displays and Chrome on Raspberry Pi 5 Win-L locks terminal Changelog Licensing: WTware licensing terms Documentation: How to boot WTware for x86 and Raspberry offline setup, full distribution: offline.setup.wtware.6.2.62.en.zip WTware Remote Control offline setup: offline.setup.wtrc.6.2.62.en.zip Files for other TFTP-servers: wtware.tftp.root.files.6.2.62.en.zip SD image for Raspberry Pi: wtware.6.2.62.en.raspberry.img.zip In Raspberry Pi Imager CHOOSE OS -> Use custom -> Choose downloaded zip file. Documentation Terminal boot Terminal first start WTware configuration file parameters Menu, virtual screens, two displays WTware graphic configurator WTware terminal logs DHCP configuration Raspberry network boot Videocard configuration Sound configuration Connecting printer Printer configuration Touchscreen calibration Google Chrome without terminal server Two monitors on one terminal Included files, list.wtc file Terminals groups, default configuration WTware licensing terms Update WTware version Boot from USB flash‑disk Boot from CD‑ROM Boot from IDE hard disk WiFi OpenVPN VLC media player Turn off NLA in Windows Server 2012 DHCP configuration on Windows Server 2012 Microsoft DHCP, Microsoft TFTP HTTP boot Edit local configuration by HTTPS Terminal audit USB-token or smart card reader redirection in WTware WTware terminal hardware requirements Buy WTware licenses What to buy WTware license gives the right to use WTware software and removes banner "Evaluation copy" from the screen. 
		For more details read WTware licensing terms . License is valid for the current build and at least for all WTware releases during a year
                after payment (when license generation algorithm changes,
                new licenses we grant for free). No annual payments needed. License is bound to terminal network card and in case of static licenses is valid for this terminal's lifetime. Every case of network card outage is 
		considered individually, send us e-mail as soon as your terminal stopped working. License cost 1 - 9 licenses 10 - 19 licenses 20 - 49 licenses 50 - 99 licenses from 100 licenses 40 EUR per license 30 EUR per license 25 EUR per license 20 EUR per license 15 EUR per license 45 USD per license 35 USD per license 30 USD per license 25 USD per license 20 USD per license How to buy You pay for the necessary number of licenses. Press the button above and follow the instructions. Make sure you specified working e-mail during registration in PayProGlobal. When we receive payment in no longer than three days we'll send you 
			login and password to WTware license generator .
			This service will help you to generate licenses for terminals when needed without delays. You need to know terminal network card MAC-address to generate licenses. To determine it download WTware , boot terminal and you'll see MAC-address 
	                in popup menu that appears in right bottom corner. Generated licenses you are to add to WTware license file using interface in graphical configurator or to terminal configuration file. 
	    		Then terminal would work as full version without limitations (i.e. without the banner 
		        "Evaluation copy", it's the only limitation). Videos Tutorials Contacts Ekaterina Kovaleva Licensing service license@wtware.com wtware@gmail.com Andrey Kovalev WTware technical support Before contacting techsupport make sure you saved terminal log Forum: forum.wtware.com support@wtware.com © 2003–2025 wtware.com | To top