Weight-Loss Program: Lose Weight. Gain Health | WeightWatchers Lose Weight GLP-1 Medications Expert Support Community About Us Get Started Kickstart your weight-loss journey now—with 6 months free! Offer Terms Powered by science. Proven by people. Your one stop shop: expert guidance, Coaches who care, smart nutrition, and access to weight-loss medication—for results that can last. Get started Start today for as low as $12/mo. Lesley G -35 lbs Cheria M -80 lbs Lori B -114 lbs Palmer W -10 lbs Madi B -33 lbs Rachel D -9 lbs Franca -9.3 lbs Maria T -55 lbs Lesley G -35 lbs Cheria M -80 lbs Lori B -114 lbs Palmer W -10 lbs Madi B -33 lbs Rachel D -9 lbs Franca -9.3 lbs Maria T -55 lbs Powered by science. Proven by people. Your one stop shop: expert guidance, Coaches who care, smart nutrition, and access to weight-loss medication—for results that can last. Get started Start today for as low as $12/mo. Better results, with or without medication. Weight Watchers brings science, guidance, and support together to help you reach your goals. Get started with Core Build habits for weight loss with the #1 doctor-recommended Points® Program*—plus tools that make it easy. Join now Learn More Access Med+ GLP-1s and other weight-loss medications.  Includes complimentary access to our GLP-1 Success Program, including dosage tracking, side-effect support, and expert coaching. See If You Qualify Learn More *Based on a 2023 survey by Cerner Enviza of 500 doctors. Fast, reliable access to FDA-approved GLP-1 medications Members prescribed a GLP-1 medication through our Med+ program lose an average of 7.4 lbs within their first four weeks of starting treatment.* * Based on an internal analysis of 92,160 Med+ members who received a treatment plan, were prescribed a GLP-1 medication, and completed a weigh-in 4 weeks after start date. A better GLP-1 journey starts here Members prescribed a GLP-1 medication through our Med+ program lose an average of 7.4 lbs within their first four weeks of starting treatment.* GLP-1 Success Program Med+ members on GLP-1s who engaged in the GLP-1 Success Program lost 61% more body weight than those who didn’t, at one month.* GLP-1 Success Program Med+ members on GLP-1s who engaged in the GLP-1 Success Program lost 61% more body weight than those who didn’t, at one month.* Expert clinician support Meet with board-certified clinicians in convenient, virtual, online appointments on your schedule. Expert clinician support Meet with board-certified clinicians in convenient, virtual, online appointments on your schedule. Insurance support We'll make the calls to find out what you're covered for, so you save the most. Insurance support We'll make the calls to find out what you're covered for, so you save the most. Coaching & Community Guidance from expert Coaches and a community that gets it — so you're never alone on your GLP-1 journey. Coaching & Community Guidance from expert Coaches and a community that gets it — so you're never alone on your GLP-1 journey. *Based on an internal data analysis of 92,160 members who received a treatment plan, were prescribed an injectable GLP-1 medication through WW Clinic, and recorded their starting weight and completed a weigh-in 4 weeks after starting their treatment plan. **Based on survey responses of 166 participants in a 6-month clinical trial who had overweight or obesity, and were taking semaglutide/tirzepatide for weight loss within the WW Clinic Program and participating in the GLP-1 companion nutrition program. All medical services are provided through our affiliated medical group, WeightWatchers Clinic. Trusted Coaches, Clinicians, and Dietitians—always here for you, virtually. Get Started Ashley T -27 lbs Cheria M -80 lbs Cedric B -104 lbs Clark V -341.7 lbs Cody S -21 lbs Devon A -76 lbs Emily -67 lbs Jess S -15 lbs Ashley T -27 lbs Cheria M -80 lbs Cedric B -104 lbs Clark V -341.7 lbs Cody S -21 lbs Devon A -76 lbs Emily -67 lbs Jess S -15 lbs We've empowered tens of millions of members to lose weight. Now it's your turn. Your journey is personal—but with us, you'll never walk it alone. Let's do this together. Join now Ashley T -27 lbs Cheria M -80 lbs Cedric B -104 lbs Clark V -341.7 lbs Cody S -21 lbs Devon A -76 lbs Emily -67 lbs Jess S -15 lbs Ashley T -27 lbs Cheria M -80 lbs Cedric B -104 lbs Clark V -341.7 lbs Cody S -21 lbs Devon A -76 lbs Emily -67 lbs Jess S -15 lbs We've empowered tens of millions of members to lose weight. Now it's your turn. Your journey is personal—but with us, you'll never walk it alone. Let's do this together. Join now When your plan is rooted in science and built for you, it works "GLP-1 medications are powerful tools, but they work best when paired with a behavioral change program that advances sustainable weight health. That's why Weight Watchers is committed to delivering innovative, evidence-based programs that support whole-person weight health." -Dr. Kim Boyd Weight Watchers Chief Medical Officer Frequently asked questions Read All FAQS How is your program different from others? We help you lose weight and build healthy habits, one small step at a time. Fad weight-loss diets can be restrictive, and rarely work long term. We have more than 140 publications that show WeightWatchers’ efficacy to help members lose weight and keep it off. See how WeightWatchers stacks up against the competition . I've tried Weight Watchers before. What's new? Our program is now easier to follow, easier to stick with, and more effective than ever before. Here’s how we’re making your journey better: Meet with a Registered Dietitian for easier, tailored meal planning Use your camera to track meals and their Points® value 350+ ZeroPoint, no-track foods Automatic macro tracking of any food you eat Generate Points® value totals for any recipe on the internet Access to more affordable weight-loss meds What foods will I eat on the program? What you eat is up to you—and we’ll show you how to enjoy your favorite foods in a way that gets you to your goals. With WeightWatchers, there are no “good” or “bad” foods—just nutritious and less nutritious ones. Who are Weight Watchers experts? Our team includes nutrition and behavioral scientists, registered dieticians, clinical researchers, and more. Together they help you overcome common weight-loss hurdles—like stress-eating or late-night snacking—while our exclusive Points system makes nutrition easier —so easy that healthier eating will feel like second nature. After you sign up, you’ll answer a few questions to get a plan customized for you, and build healthy habits with proven behavior change techniques. Will I have access to Coaches? Always! Weight Watchers coaches are experts specially trained in our nutrition and behavior change science. You can chat with them right in the app. They also lead our in-person and virtual Workshops, teaching weight-loss techniques and providing live coaching to you and other members in the Workshop with you. Members accessing weight-loss medication through Weight Watchers also get a dedicated Care Team consisting of clinicians, fitness coaches, and registered dietitians. Does Weight Watchers offer in-person guidance? Our Workshops (or Meetings, back in the day) are coach-led group sessions held in studio location a or online. You don’t need to go, but the extra support can ramp up your results: WeightWatchers Workshops members lose two times more weight than those who DIY.^ Workshops offer unlimited accountability from coaches and members who really get the weight-loss journey. In-person and virtual Workshops are also now available to WeightWatchers members on our medication plan. Get expert-led nutrition guidance and connect with others on similar journeys for even more success. ^Based on a 6-month multicenter trial. Apolzan JW, et al. A Scalable, Virtual Weight Management Program Tailored for Adults (n=136) with Type 2 Diabetes: Effects on Glycemic Control. Presented at American Diabetes Association’s 82nd Scientific Sessions. 2022. Read All FAQS Download the App that fits you Our Programs Core Program Core+ Menopause GLP-1 Success Support for Diabetes Find a workshop Pricing & Offers Compare plans & pricing Our Company Our story Careers Blogs & Recipes Help FAQs Activate monthly pass How to use the WW app Contact us Resources Affiliate program Media center Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy - Notice of Privacy Practices - Do Not Sell My Personal Info - Ad Choices - Terms and Conditions 🇺🇸 United States The WeightWatchers® Logo, WeightWatchers®, Points, and ZeroPoint are trademarks of WW International, Inc. © 2025 WW International, Inc. All rights reserved. Get Started Get started Get started Join now Learn More See If You Qualify Learn More Get Started Join now Join now Read All FAQS Read All FAQS