World Wide Fund for Nature | WWF Skip to main content search Main navigation Close Learn Animals Landscapes Climate change Food systems Our podcast series Fascinating facts Schools & teachers Quizzes Our reports The Living Planet Report 2024 Rewilding Wholescapes Go Wild - games for kids Articles Act Living Planet Act petition A Prescription For Nature Feel good forest trails 25 ways to help nature in 2025 Download the My Footprint app Calculate your footprint Fundraise for us Eat more sustainably What your business can do Inspiring the next generation Campaign for nature Support Adopt an animal Donate Become a member Visit our shop Play our 'Weekly Lottery' Donate to our Protect Tigers appeal Join the 'WWF Guardians' Philanthropy Leave a gift in your will Give in memory Pay in your fundraising Challenge events Explore our 'Go Wild' junior membership About About WWF-UK Who we work with WWF Scotland WWF Cymru How we are governed Success stories Jobs Contact us FAQs Kids Search Close Sign up to get the latest WWF news delivered straight to your inbox Close menu Fundraising Header Gifts Adopt Donate Join Bringing our world back to life By adopting an animal, you can help us continue vital conservation work protecting precious wildlife and the places they call home. Adopt an animal naturepl.com / Charlie Hamilton-James / WWF Take action for our world How you helped in 2025 2025 hasn’t been easy for our natural world. But there have been moments of hope. Thanks to your support, we've been able to fund projects around the world that are tackling the climate and nature crisis. There is still much work to be done, but together we can bring our world back to life. How you helped 10 ways to help nature in 2026 When we take action together, we can build a future where people and wildlife thrive. From connecting with nature to speaking up for the planet, you can make a difference. Ways to help nature Protecting Tigers With your support we've helped increase tiger numbers in Asia. But they are still under threat. Help us continue to protect tigers for years to come. Donate now About WWF Founded in Switzerland, April 1961 Active in the UK and nearly 100 countries Over 1.4 million UK supporters We’re WWF, the leading global environmental charity, and we’re bringing our world back to life. With nature in freefall, we’re urgently tackling the underlying causes that are driving the decline, and we’re finding solutions so future generations have a world with thriving habitats and wildlife. It’s a huge challenge, but if we all act together, there is hope. Our strategy focuses on achieving four key outcomes. Find out more about WWF-UK Stop deforestation Ending deforestation is critical for nature and the climate. We’re helping to slow deforestation and demonstrating solutions that can contribute to halting it by 2030. We’re doing this by working alongside our colleagues in the Amazon, Borneo, Papua New Guinea and Western Congo to bring about laws that end deforestation. And we’re collaborating with local organisations in these countries to protect forests and manage them sustainably. As food production is the single biggest cause of deforestation, we’re working with governments, businesses and financial institutions to make sustainable agriculture more rewarding than practices that damage the environment. And we’re supporting programmes in the Amazon region to showcase ways that agriculture can work without forest loss. Deliver a sustainable future in the UK We’re ensuring nature, climate and people are at the heart of decision-making. We’re pushing the UK’s largest businesses to deliver robust plans that support nature and the climate, and pressing for regulation that forces them to act. We’re also working with retailers, investors and food businesses to change our food system and holding them to account for their impact on nature and climate. And we’re campaigning for a Living Planet Act – which will mean the UK government has to take joined-up action to stabilise the climate, protect and restore nature, and help farmers provide healthy, affordable food. Bring nature back from the brink We’re working to protect priority habitats and species, through conservation work that’s increasingly led by and benefiting Indigenous peoples and local communities. We’re doing this by improving the health of ecosystems and connecting important habitats across landscapes and river basins, with a focus on the Himalayas, central India and east Africa. We’re also protecting the polar oceans, where sea ice is rapidly disappearing, to give wildlife that depend on snow and ice the best chance of survival. And we’re addressing drivers of nature loss to protect and increase populations of priority species, including elephants, jaguars, marine turtles, mountain gorillas, river dolphins and tigers. Inspire public action for nature We won’t succeed unless we have public support for change. We’re campaigning to inspire people to take action for nature and climate. And we’re mobilising that public support to compel governments and businesses to act. We’re doing this by collaborating with corporate and cultural partners to reach new audiences and engage them in a mass movement for change. We’re also developing a supporting programme for schools and young people to inspire the next generation to act. Success Stories Milestone for snow leopards in Nepal Advocating for the high seas On thin ice, but hope for penguins Panda conservation - A lasting legacy Our latest podcast episode Join actor, presenter, and WWF ambassador, Cel Spellman as he discovers how every one of us can make a difference in the fight to save our planet. In each episode, Cel meets a familiar face from the worlds of sport or entertainment, and teams up with a top wildlife expert to dig deeper into the threats we’re facing. What’s the real impact of climate change, single use plastic, food choice or fast fashion on our planet? And most importantly of all: what can we do to help? Find more episodes We recommend Fascinating facts Climate change Eat sustainably Our projects Our events Ways to help our world The My Footprint App © WWF WWF's club for kids Check out go wild! Shop For Your World Christmas Shop now Pangaia Shop now Best sellers Shop now What's happening in your world Update type (field_update_type_term) - Any - Articles Hide from Homepage News Blogs Reports Success stories - Any - Articles News Blogs Reports Success stories Learn these top 10 facts about bees Our tips on how to bee friendly 5 ways to help our wellbeing with nature Datgloi pŵer gwymon yn Sir Benfro Pagination 1 Current page Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 … Next page Last page Last Bringing our world back to life Join the race to save our world Sign up to be kept informed about our conservation work and how you can help such as fundraising, campaigning and events. You can unsubscribe at any time. Sign up About WWF UK Headquarters Press contacts Contact us FAQs Jobs DE&I Strategy (pdf) WWF-UK Strategy 2024-2027 (pdf) Legal Terms & Conditions About Cookies Privacy and Data Protection Annual Report and Financial Statements Gender Pay Gap report (pdf) Modern Slavery Statement (pdf) Safeguarding policy (pdf) Follow us WWF-UK is a registered charity in England and Wales 1081247 and in Scotland SC039593 and a company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales 4016725. Website monitored by UptimeRobot