World Wide Technology | WWT | Make a New World Happen Skip to content WWT Logo WWT Logo Text (Dark) WWT Logo Text (Light) What we do Learn from us Who we are Our partners The ATC ⌘K ⌘K Log in What we do Our capabilities AI & Data Automation Cloud Consulting & Engineering Data Center Digital Implementation Services IT Spend Optimization Lab Hosting Mobility Networking Security Strategic Resourcing Supply Chain & Integration Industries Energy Financial Services Global Service Provider Healthcare Life Sciences Manufacturing Public Sector Retail Utilities Learn from us Hands on AI Proving Ground Cyber Range Labs & Learning Insights Articles Blog Case Studies Podcasts Research WWT Presents Come together Communities Events Who we are Our organization About Us Our Leadership Locations Sustainability Newsroom Join the team All Careers Careers in America Asia Pacific Careers EMEA Careers Internship Program Our partners Strategic partners Cisco Dell Technologies Hewlett Packard Enterprise NetApp F5 Intel NVIDIA Microsoft Palo Alto Networks AWS What we do What we do Our capabilities AI & Data Automation Cloud Consulting & Engineering Data Center Digital Implementation Services IT Spend Optimization Lab Hosting Mobility Networking Security Strategic Resourcing Supply Chain & Integration Industries Energy Financial Services Global Service Provider Healthcare Life Sciences Manufacturing Public Sector Retail Utilities Learn from us Learn from us Hands on AI Proving Ground Cyber Range Labs & Learning Insights Articles Blog Case Studies Podcasts Research WWT Presents Come together Communities Events Who we are Who we are Our organization About Us Our Leadership Locations Sustainability Newsroom Join the team All Careers Careers in America Asia Pacific Careers EMEA Careers Internship Program Our partners Our partners Strategic partners Cisco Dell Technologies Hewlett Packard Enterprise NetApp F5 Intel NVIDIA Microsoft Palo Alto Networks AWS The ATC We play a vital role in changing the world for the better. Together, let's make a new world happen! Find out how What matters to you? Digital Workspace Cloud Mobility Security Digital Automation Explore more Just for you: Digital Workspace Cloud Mobility Security Digital Automation Explore more Upcoming Events Webinar: Cisco License Central Training Jan 7, 2026 Cisco - AI Defense Event Jan 8, 2026 Hands-On Lab Workshop: SR-MPLS with ISIS for Network Engineers Jan 8, 2026 Featured Insights Skip this card Skip Research Note: HPE NVIDIA Launch AI Factory Lab in France to Boost European AI Autonomy HyperFRAME Research: HPE and NVIDIA are expanding their global AI factory initiatives by opening a sovereign AI Factory Lab in France and a separate Private AI Lab in London. News • Dec 11, 2025 Skip this card Skip The New Threat Vector: Narrative Attacks on Global Organizations and Their Executives A joint WWT and Blackbird.AI webinar explained why perception-focused narrative attacks now sit alongside ransomware and data breaches and how narrative intelligence helps leaders see and manage this new risk surface. News • Dec 11, 2025 Skip this card Skip Top 10 Leading NetApp Partners to Watch 2025-26 NetApp enters 2026 with a partner ecosystem built around one consistent idea of unifying data management across on-premises, public cloud and hybrid environments News • Dec 11, 2025 Featured News Skip this card Skip Forbes' 40th Annual List Of America's Top Private Companies World Wide Technology holds the 18th position on the publication's list. News • Dec 17, 2025 Skip this card Skip St. Louis Men's Group Against Cancer Raises $925,000 The nonprofit's annual Men's Dinner fundraiser supports local cancer charities; since its inception in 1969, STLMGAC has raised more than $6 million for organizations serving the community. News • Dec 12, 2025 Skip this card Skip NAF Welcomes Distinguished Leaders to Board of Directors, Strengthening Mission to Prepare Future-Ready Graduates New Members Include Executives from Guardian Life and World Wide Technology News • Dec 4, 2025 Skip this card Skip America's Dream Employers 2025 More than 266,000 data points were considered, and each employer was given a score. The 500 companies with the highest scores made Forbes' list. News • Nov 18, 2025 See all News Trending at World Wide Technology 1 Experience • Dec 11, 2025 • 8am World Wide Technology Ai day NYC 2 Experience • Dec 1, 2025 • 9:30pm World Wide Technology Reception at AWS re:Invent 3 Experience • Dec 2, 2025 • 6pm Cisco Sales Engagement (CSX) 4 Article • Jul 2, 2023 Cisco ACI Multi-Site vs. Multi-Pod The Latest Skip this card Skip AI Is Moving Fast—Can Legal Keep Up? As AI adoption accelerates inside global enterprises, chief legal officers and compliance teams are emerging as essential architects of governance, trust and responsible innovation — not as roadblocks, but as strategic enablers. Video • 30:51 Dec 30, 2025 Skip this card Skip Security Chiefs Sound Alarm Over 'Naked AI' F5's Shawn Wormke and WWT's Chris Konrad say the rapid operationalization of AI is creating a widening gap between innovation and protection—leaving most organizations unprepared for real-world threats, governance failures and the coming quantum era. Video • 37:28 Dec 23, 2025 Skip this card Skip Partner POV | What Is an Interconnection Hub? It's Where Digital Ecosystems Connect Distribute data and compute securely and connect to global ecosystems with low-latency, software-defined connectivity Partner Contribution • Dec 22, 2025 Skip this card Skip Partner POV | Inside the Riverbed Platform Expansion: Smarter AIOps and Broader Observability In an era of complex IT environments, Riverbed revolutionizes AIOps with a groundbreaking platform expansion. By integrating causal, predictive, generative, and agentic AI, it offers proactive insights, smarter telemetry, and enhanced visibility. This innovation promises reduced downtime, streamlined operations, and a smarter future for IT management. Partner Contribution • Dec 22, 2025 Skip this card Skip Partner POV | AI Factories Are Redefining Data Centers and Enabling the Next Era of AI NVIDIA and its ecosystem partners are building AI factories at scale for the AI reasoning era — and every enterprise will need one. Partner Contribution • Dec 19, 2025 Skip this card Skip What Are Pure Storage Portworx and Kubernetes? Pure Storage's Portworx platform provides the availability, performance and security required for Kubernetes. Discover Portworx storage benefits with WWT. Article • Dec 19, 2025 Skip this card Skip Pure Storage's Portworx Enterprise Lab for Persistent Container Storage Welcome to Pure Storage's Portworx Enterprise lab for persistent container storage. Portworx Enterprise is a complete storage and data management solution for your Kubernetes environments. Containers will benefit from container-granular storage, disaster recovery, data security, multi-cloud migrations and more. Advanced Configuration Lab 282 launches Skip this card Skip Inside the AI Factory: HPE's Blueprint for Production-Grade AI HPE's Craig Dillman and WWT's Earl Dodd explain why AI Factories rooted in decades of supercomputing expertise are becoming essential infrastructure for enterprises seeking to operationalize AI at scale, ensure sovereignty and brace for next year's data bottleneck. Video • 47:27 Dec 18, 2025 See more Suggested Communities Skip this card Skip Army GEMSS Digital Modernization Community The Army GEMSS EA is your one-stop-shop for Cisco network security, software, design and support services, and training. World Wide Technology is a Cisco Systems Gold Partner, combining our shared expertise to provide the U.S. Army with the latest Cisco products and innovations to serve the American Soldier. Public Community Skip this card Skip Associate Academy This Community Page illustrates and highlights key aspects of the various early in career programs the Global Workforce Enablement supports and serves as a centralized location of relevant topics for stakeholders. Public Community Skip this card Skip Navy Digital Modernization Community The Global Enterprise Modernization Software and Services (GEMSS) – Navy Enterprise Agreement (EA) is a five-year Navy program designed to maximize the Department of the Navy (DON)  investment in the use of existing hardware while supporting the smooth transition of ongoing software maintenance for upgrades and patches to software subscriptions for the Department of Defense infrastructures already in-place at installations worldwide. Public Community Skip this card Skip University Relations This community page showcases the University Relations team's initiatives to build strong pipelines of early and emerging talent. Public Community See more Trending in Security Skip this card Skip SentinelOne CTF: Siren Song SentinelOne delivers a unified, AI-powered platform for endpoint protection, detection, and response. The Singularity Operations Center gives security teams real-time visibility, autonomous remediation, and deep threat context—all from a single console.

In this Capture the Flag (CTF) challenge, you'll step into the role of a cyber defender and use SentinelOne's Singularity platform to investigate and respond to a ransomware attack. This interactive experience offers a hands-on opportunity to apply core blue team skills while exploring SentinelOne's capabilities in a dynamic, threat-rich environment.

Primary tools utilized within the game:
🔹 SentinelOne Singularity Operations Center (EDR/XDR & incident response)

We invite you to complete the SentinelOne XDR Learning Path and Initiation, our demo CTF, to be best prepared! You can find both of these under the related content at the bottom of this page. After 12/17, they can be launched from the "Resources" tab on this page. Cyber Range Jan 15, 2026 • 9am Skip this card Skip Secure All Together: 5 Principles for Building a Culture of Cybersecurity Cyber adversaries are becoming more skilled — and more ruthless. Protecting your organization requires a team approach within organizations, with the broad partner ecosystem and across all industries. Article • Apr 30, 2025 Skip this card Skip A New AI Operating System with Cisco's Jeetu Patel and WWT's Jim Kavanaugh In this episode of the AI Proving Ground Podcast, WWT Co-founder and CEO Jim Kavanaugh and Cisco President Jeetu Patel break down the real constraints shaping the AI era and explore why platforms will define the next decade of enterprise innovation. They'll also talk about how secure, scalable architectures enable organizations to innovate confidently and compete at AI speed. Video • 45:52 Dec 1, 2025 Skip this card Skip Executive Leadership in the Age of AI: Lessons from WWT Co-Founder and CEO Jim Kavanaugh AI is reshaping business faster than any technology in history. But while employees are already using AI daily, enterprises are struggling to capture value at scale. In this episode of the AI Proving Ground Podcast, WWT Co-Founder and CEO Jim Kavanaugh explains why executive leadership is the critical factor in moving beyond pilots, how companies should build the right foundations for AI and why waiting on the sidelines may be the biggest risk of all. Video • 52:19 Sep 30, 2025 See more Trending in Cloud Skip this card Skip Consumer Lender Standardizes on Cloud Backup Product comparison accelerates selection of cloud storage solution. Case Study Skip this card Skip The Cloud Advantage for AI Discover how leveraging the cloud can help organizations accelerate AI adoption. Article • Apr 22, 2025 Skip this card Skip A New AI Operating System with Cisco's Jeetu Patel and WWT's Jim Kavanaugh In this episode of the AI Proving Ground Podcast, WWT Co-founder and CEO Jim Kavanaugh and Cisco President Jeetu Patel break down the real constraints shaping the AI era and explore why platforms will define the next decade of enterprise innovation. They'll also talk about how secure, scalable architectures enable organizations to innovate confidently and compete at AI speed. Video • 45:52 Dec 1, 2025 Skip this card Skip Inside the AI Factory: Why Cisco Believes Security Will Define Our AI Future Cisco's Nicolas Sagnes and World Wide Technology's Bob Watson outline why the next generation of AI infrastructure must be engineered as a secure, observable, full-stack system — and why enterprises relying on pilots risk falling behind. Video • 45:08 Dec 15, 2025 See more Trending in Digital Transformation Skip this card Skip How Cisco ACI Anywhere Can Help With Business Continuity Organizations are currently scrambling to enable a remote workforce. WWT recognizes the challenges this situation may be putting on our customers' IT resources and employees and are working with our customers to provide solutions for rapidly deploying IT resources. This article will examine how Cisco's ACI Anywhere solution can help organizations quickly ramp-up workloads in multicloud environments. Article • Aug 6, 2023 Skip this card Skip Scaling AI Across the Workforce to Empower Every Employee In 2024, organizations laid the groundwork for AI transformation, and now in 2025, it's time to cement your AI strategy. Join WWT experts David Rosenblatt and Mike Davis as they share insights from our 2025 Digital Workspace Priorities research report. You'll hear their unique perspectives on treating AI like a new employee and guidance on transitioning from proof-of-concept to organization-wide AI implementation so you can empower every employee. Video • 40:03 Jan 14, 2025 Skip this card Skip How to Clone Objects in C# .NET Core There are numerous ways to clone an object in C# .NET Core. This article explores some of the approaches you can use to make a deep copy of an object and the pros and cons of each method. Article • May 25, 2023 Skip this card Skip How Forward-Thinking Leaders Integrate Culture and Tech to Amplify Organizational Success How can my organization become a great place to work? This is a common question we hear from clients of WWT. While there isn't a one-size-fits-all approach to culture, the most successful organizations integrate company culture with advanced technology to leverage data-driven insights and drive measurable business outcomes. Join WWT's experts Joe Berger, VP of Digital Experiences, and Krista Bush, VP of Global Employee Experience, as they discuss a framework for creating a sustainable and resilient company culture — a framework that has placed WWT on the Great Place to Work® list for 13 years running. Video • 44:35 Feb 4, 2025 See more Trending in Infrastructure Modernization Skip this card Skip Hands-On Lab Workshop: Container Basics for Infrastructure Engineers Join our virtual lab workshop to explore the fundamentals of container technology tailored for infrastructure professionals. This hands-on session introduces container architecture, their role in modern IT infrastructure, and the responsibilities of infrastructure engineers in designing scalable, container-ready environments. You'll gain practical experience installing Docker, building and managing containerized applications, and understanding how containers fit into today's infrastructure landscape. Engage with experts and get your questions answered during live Q&A. Perfect for aspiring infrastructure engineers and IT pros. Webinar Dec 11, 2025 • 11am Skip this card Skip 6 Steps to Understanding Cisco ACI When understood, these six concepts will help anyone new to ACI to understand a more detailed technical discussion. Article • Jul 28, 2025 Skip this card Skip How Cisco ACI Anywhere Can Help With Business Continuity Organizations are currently scrambling to enable a remote workforce. WWT recognizes the challenges this situation may be putting on our customers' IT resources and employees and are working with our customers to provide solutions for rapidly deploying IT resources. This article will examine how Cisco's ACI Anywhere solution can help organizations quickly ramp-up workloads in multicloud environments. Article • Aug 6, 2023 Skip this card Skip The Vision and Reality of ACI Anywhere A look at where Cisco ACI Anywhere got its start, where it is today and where WWT sees it going in the future through the lens of four business use cases. Article • Jun 28, 2023 See more Top Labs Skip this card Skip Cyber Range - Initiation Initiation is a Capture the Flag (CTF) lab meant to introduce you to the WWT Cyber Range platform and serve as a tutorial for future events. You will be introduced to the features and functionality as well as provided tips for success during future WWT Cyber Range CTFs. This lab will also allow you to test your access using the same platform we use for our live CTF events so you can make sure you will be ready on game day. Advanced Configuration Lab 2588 launches Skip this card Skip Cisco AI Defense Capture the Flag (CTF) Experience Cisco AI Defense in an interactive Capture the Flag (CTF), designed to showcase how Cisco is securing the future of GenAI. Advanced Configuration Lab 476 launches Skip this card Skip Palo Alto NGFW Foundations Version 11 Lab The Palo Alto NGFW Foundations Lab is a capability of the Advanced Technology Center (ATC) designed to provide an environment to gain hands-on experience with the fundamental features of Palo Alto's solution. The environment that supports the lab is completely virtual, removing any hardware dependencies associated with physical infrastructure. Foundations Lab 1394 launches Skip this card Skip Cisco ACI Fundamentals Lab Part 1 This lab is the Cisco ACI Fundamentals Lab Part 1, and after completion, the student can launch Cisco ACI Fundamentals Lab Part 2 to complete the entire lab. The lab uses the ACI virtual simulator based on ACI Version 6.1(3f), emulating an APIC, 2 leafs, and a spine. Part 2 uses a shared physical ACI fabric to complete the policy and verify data plane connectivity.

 The ACI Virtual Simulator was needed to demo the building of the ACI fabric from scratch, bootstrapping the APIC, adding the spine and leafs, fabric discovery, and completing VMM integration. Since the Cisco ACI Fundamentals Lab, Part 2 is a shared on-demand environment, to decouple the APIC build process from the APIC policy creation. Due to limitations, the virtual ACI fabric is a control plane-only simulator, and no data plane testing (Ping, SSH) can get done for validation. Cisco ACI Fundamentals Lab Part 2 uses a Tenant inside of a physical ACI, and data plane functionality can get tested ( Ping, SSH) Foundations Lab 3116 launches Skip this card Skip Fortinet NGFW Foundations Lab The Fortinet Next Generation Firewall (NGFW) Foundations Lab is a capability of the Advanced Technology Center (ATC) designed to provide an environment to gain hands-on experience with the fundamental features of the Fortinet NGFW solution. The environment that supports the lab is completely virtual, removing any hardware dependencies associated with physical infrastructure. Foundations Lab 1777 launches Skip this card Skip Cisco ACI Multisite Nexus Dashboard Orchestrator. Cisco's Nexus Dashboard Orchestrator (NDO) allows an ACI policy to be managed with a single pane of glass to for the whole environment. The key to NDO, the administrator is able to create consistent security and connectivity policies across multiple physical, and virtual sites.

This lab will go through all the steps necessary to bring up an ACI Multi-Site environment from two existing ACI fabrics. Foundations Lab 512 launches Skip this card Skip WWT Agentic Network Assistant Explore the WWT Agentic Network Assistant, a browser-based AI tool that converts natural language into Cisco CLI commands, executes them across multiple devices, and delivers structured analysis. Using a local LLM, it streamlines troubleshooting, summarizes device health, and compares configs, demonstrating the future of intuitive, AI driven network operations. Foundations Lab 531 launches Skip this card Skip Crafting Your First AI Agent Embark on a journey to create AI agents with "Crafting Your First AI Agent." This hands-on lab introduces LangChain, LangGraph, and CrewAI frameworks, empowering you to build, run, and understand AI agents. Discover the intricacies of AI workflows and multi-agent systems, transforming curiosity into practical expertise. Foundations Lab 577 launches See more Partner Spotlight Skip this card Skip Follow Red Hat Red Hat provides open source software products for cloud, virtualization and storage solutions. Partner Skip this card Skip Infrastructure Automation with Ansible The infrastructure automation learning series is an educational program designed to equip individuals with the skills and knowledge needed to automate and manage complex IT infrastructures efficiently. Participants learn how to streamline and standardize infrastructure deployment, configuration, and management processes. The series delves into best practices for creating scalable, reliable, and secure infrastructure, enabling learners to implement automation solutions effectively within various IT environments. By the end of the program, individuals gain a comprehensive understanding of automation tools and strategies that enhance productivity, reduce manual intervention, and optimize infrastructure operations. Learning Series Skip this card Skip Partner POV | Reducing bias in AI models through open source AI's global promise is hindered by cultural biases, as models predominantly reflect Western data. Open source AI offers a path to cultural diversity, enabling communities to fine-tune models with local data. This approach fosters AI sovereignty, ensuring technology aligns with diverse cultural values and needs, promoting a more equitable AI future. Partner Contribution • Nov 4, 2025 Skip this card Skip Implementing MCP Servers with Ansible Automation Platform Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers can be integrated with Ansible Automation Platform (AAP) to enhance AI-driven network operations. By enabling natural language interaction with real-time network data, MCP augments large language models (LLMs) with contextual awareness, reducing technical debt and improving operational efficiency. A practical firewall use case illustrates the transformative potential of MCP in enterprise automation. WWT Research • Oct 28, 2025 Upcoming Events Webinar: Cisco License Central Training Jan 7, 2026 Cisco - AI Defense Event Jan 8, 2026 Hands-On Lab Workshop: SR-MPLS with ISIS for Network Engineers Jan 8, 2026 Explore more Load more Loading About Careers Locations Help Center Sustainability Blog News Press Kit Contact Us © 2025 World Wide Technology. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Acceptable Use Policy Information Security Supplier Management Quality Accessibility Cookies