LIMITED TIME OFFER - UP TO 20% OFF

Don't miss out before it's gone.

Buy Now
Home
Features
Partners
Contact
 English
PicPick
All-in-one design tool for everyone

A full-featured screen capture and recording tool, Intuitive image editor, color picker, color palette, pixel-ruler, protractor, crosshair, whiteboard and more.

DownloadBuy Now

 Available on all Windows

Try Dark Mode
Features
	Capture anything
Take screenshots of an entire screen, an active window, the scrolling windows and any specific region of your desktop, etc.
	Edit your images
Annotate and highlight your images: text, arrows, shapes and more with the built-in image editor that includes the latest Ribbon style menu.
	Enhance with effects
Easily add effects to your images: drop shadows, frames, watermarks, mosaic, motion blur, brightness control and more.
	Share everywhere
Save, share, or send your images via Web, email, ftp, Dropbox, Google Drive, OneDrive, Box, Evernote, Facebook, Twitter and more.
	Graphic Accessories
Variety of graphic design accessories including color picker, color palette, pixel ruler, protractor, crosshair, magnifier, whiteboard.
	Customizable setting
With highly advanced settings, you can customize hotkeys, file naming, image quality, and many other options that fits your needs.
VIEW DETAILS
Media Reviews
CNET Download.com 
This program makes us think of a Swiss Army Knife, or perhaps a well-stocked, well-organized desk drawer. There are all kinds of helpful tools here, and we think PicPick would be useful to Web designers, graphic designers, and even the average computer user who occasionally needs to work with graphics.
Softpedia 
Specially designed for the home user and aiming at giving as much flexibility as possible during the work. It even includes some features never to be found in Photoshop. PicPick, besides being a very easy to use image editor also sports graphic capture options and a set of hotkeys and options some similar editors would envy.
Free for personal use, try it today.
DownloadBuy Now
PicPick
Home
Features
Download
Buy Now
About Us
Contact
Partners
End User License Agreement | Privacy Policy
Refund Policy

Copyright© NGWIN All rights reserved.