Some Eclipse Foundation pages use cookies to better serve you when you return to the site. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie or turn off cookies. If you do so, however, some areas of some sites may not function properly. To read Eclipse Foundation Privacy Policy click here.
Deny
Allow
Skip to content
New thought leadership report: Inside the shift to SDVs 

 Download now
Join us
What we do
Resources
About us
Download
Global community, European foundation

The Eclipse Foundation empowers our global community with a mature, scalable, and business-friendly environment that drives open source collaboration and innovation.

Join us
400+
PROJECTS
15K+
CONTRIBUTORS
300+
MEMBERS
20+
COLLABORATIONS

community > 

Connecting the world through open collaboration

CREATING GLOBAL IMPACT

We are a community of communities, bringing together developers, organisations, and innovators from around the globe to share knowledge, collaborate openly, and turn ideas into lasting real-world impact.

Explore how you can connect, contribute, and grow with us.
Collaboration models
Community events
Resources and services
Open source projects and industry collaborations

Eclipse Foundation has provided a trusted home for open source collaboration for over 20 years. Our proven vendor-neutral governance helps projects grow, thrive, and deliver real-world impact, and we help peers drive shared innovation through strategic industry collaborations.

 Explore projects
 Explore industry collaborations

BECOME A MEMBER OR A SPONSOR

Together, we turn ideas into impact

Join a global community that’s shaping the future of open source technology. By being part of the Eclipse Foundation ecosystem, you’ll connect with innovators across industries, gain visibility in a trusted global network, and help create technologies that make a lasting impact.

There are three ways to get involved:
Join as a member

Take an active role in guiding projects, influencing strategy, and helping shape the open technologies that power entire industries.

Explore membership
Become a sponsor

Strengthen the community, support collaboration, and showcase your leadership in advancing open innovation.

Invest in open innovation
Contribute as an individual

Take an active role in guiding projects, influencing strategy, and helping shape the open technologies that power entire industries.

Learn how to contribute
Community newsletter

December 2025 Community Newsletter

 Read more
about Community newsletter
Featured project

Eclipse 4diac

 Read more
about Featured project
Featured committer

Tim Kliefoth

 Read more
about Featured committer
Loading...
Announcements

18 December 2025

What’s in store for open source in 2026?

15 December 2025

Bosch holds "SDV Study Session" to explain its efforts to standardize software through open source and the latest information

4 December 2025

2025 Open Source Congress Report

View all announcements
Community news

23 December 2025

Oniro 2025: building the bridge, brick by brick

23 December 2025

The ORC Community’s 4 Biggest Achievements of 2025

22 December 2025

December 2025 Community Newsletter

View all community news
Discover AI innovation at the Eclipse Foundation

Learn how we’re building a full-stack, open source AI ecosystem, and subscribe to our AI mailing list for updates!

Learn more
Subscribe
Eclipse Foundation
About
Projects
Collaborations
Membership
Sponsor
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Compliance
Code of Conduct
Legal Resources
Manage Cookies
More
Report a Vulnerability
Service Status
Contact Us
Support

SEE WHAT WE'RE UP TO

STAY UP TO DATE

Subscribe to our newsletter

Copyright © Eclipse Foundation AISBL. All rights reserved.

Privacy policyTerms of useComplianceLegal