Timeshares and Vacation Ownership — Wyndham Destinations Book Your Vacation Exchange with RCI Careers Contact Us Our Company Our Brands Club Wyndham WorldMark by Wyndham Margaritaville Vacation Club Shell Vacation Clubs Why Vacation Clubs Wyndham Cares News × Our Company Our Brands Club Wyndham WorldMark by Wyndham Margaritaville Vacation Club Shell Vacation Clubs Why Vacation Clubs Wyndham Cares News Careers Contact Us Our world is your destination Our Company Wyndham Destinations provides a contemporary take on the timeshare model through our industry-leading brands including Club Wyndham, Worldmark by Wyndham, Shell Vacations Club, and Margaritaville Vacation Club by Wyndham. We offer travelers the chance to own their vacation, year after year, and explore places they've never visited before or return to their favorite destinations. Our Brands Club Wyndham The must-see destinations and the must-do experiences to live your bucket list. Learn More Shell Vacations Club Condo-style vacations throughout the Western Seaboard, Canada, & Mexico. Learn More Worldmark By Wyndham From point A to point B, you deserve more time to share during your vacations. Learn More Margaritaville Vacation Club Find paradise anywhere with the laid-back lifestyle and escapism of Margaritaville. Learn More Why Vacation Clubs Timeshare vacations open the door to new adventures that create a lifetime of memories. With flexibility, a range of ownership options, and a host of destinations, owning with a vacation club can expand your travel possibilities. Learn More Why Vacation Clubs Timeshare vacations open the door to new adventures that create a lifetime of memories. With flexibility, a range of ownership options, and a host of destinations, owning with a vacation club can expand your travel possibilities. Learn More Vacation Ready Ready for vacation? Our resorts are Vacation Ready TM . Vacation Ready is an enhanced set of cleaning methods and standards to minimize risk and maximize safety. Learn More Vacation Ready Ready for vacation? Our resorts are Vacation Ready TM . Vacation Ready is an enhanced set of cleaning methods and standards to minimize risk and maximize safety. Learn More Wyndham Cares We understand that travel preferences and finances change over your lifetime. When they do, you can turn to Wyndham Cares for help. Learn More Wyndham Cares We understand that travel preferences and finances change over your lifetime. When they do, you can turn to Wyndham Cares for help. Learn More Latest News November 1, 2023 Extra Holidays Invites Travelers to Unwrap Savings of up to 30% off Condo Vacation Resorts this Holiday Season Travel-lovers can score savings at 58 resorts across brands Club Wyndham, Margaritaville Vacation Club, and WorldMark Read More August 1, 2023 Wyndham Rewards Checks-In at Sedgefield  for 84th Annual Wyndham Championship Wyndham Rewards®, the world’s most generous hotel rewards program spanning more than 50,000 hotels, vacation club resorts and vacation rentals, returns to Sedgefield Country Club this week as proud title sponsor of the 84th annual Wyndham Championship. Read More June 13, 2023 Golf Nation to Premiere ‘Three Courses’ Presented by Club Wyndham Shoppable video entertainment network Golf Nation will premiere its “Three Courses” series on July 13 on www.golfnation.com and its Android app, focused on enjoyable on- and off-course activities across America. Read More June 08, 2023 Georgia Aquarium and Margaritaville Vacation Club Bring Island Vibes  to Dolphin Coast Gallery with New Partnership Atlanta’s newest resort in Centennial Park, Margaritaville Vacation Club® – Atlanta, extended its commitment to the city today, announcing its presenting partnership of Georgia Aquarium’s Dolphin Coast presentation and gallery. Read More May 1, 2023 Extra Holidays Turns the Page on Hectic Spring Break Season with “Bookcation” Promotion Perfect for Relaxed Family Travel Extra Holidays, a booking site offering condo vacations at hotel prices, invites families to close the book on school year stress and take a “Bookcation” this summer. Read More April 24, 2023 Wyndham Destinations Celebrates New Club Wyndham Atlanta Resort with Three Award Wins at 2023 ARDA Timeshare Together Conference Wyndham Destinations, the world’s largest vacation ownership company, was recognized for the newest resort in its portfolio, Club Wyndham Atlanta, taking home three resort-specific awards at the 2023 American Resort Development Association (ARDA) Timeshare Together Conference. Read More April 3, 2023 WorldMark by Wyndham Digs into Urban Permaculture Movement with ‘Planting Seeds’ Pilot in Portland Vacation ownership club partners with master regenerative farmer to champion urban growing movement via interactive workshops that support mitigating climate change and food Read More March 29, 2023 Club Wyndham South Pacific Teams Up with Britz To Fuel Member Road Trip Experiences Members of leading vacation ownership club, Club Wyndham South Pacific, now can use their timeshare to take a road trip adventure through a partnership with motorhome company Britz. Read More March 14, 2023 LEGACY MOTOR CLUB™ Expands Club Wyndham® Partnership to include Primary Races on Jimmie Johnson’s No. 84 Chevrolet at COTA and Charlotte Motor Speedway LEGACY MOTOR CLUB today announced Club Wyndham will sponsor seven-time NASCAR Cup Series champion and club co-owner Jimmie Johnson for two races this season - Circuit of the Americas (COTA) on March 26 and the Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway on May 28. Read More February 14, 2023 Honolulu Star Advertiser Names Wyndham Destinations No. 1 on Hawai’i Top Workplaces 2023 List Wyndham Destinations, the world’s largest vacation ownership company and part of the Travel + Leisure Co. portfolio, has been awarded the No. 1 spot for the second year in a row on Honolulu Star Advertiser’s Hawai’i Top Workplaces 2023 list. Read More January 30, 2023 Club Wyndham Donates Land in Pagosa Springs  to Habitat for Humanity Club Wyndham, the nation’s largest vacation club and flagship vacation ownership brand in the Wyndham Destinations portfolio as part of Travel + Leisure Co. Read More December 13, 2022 Travelers Can Score A Free Private Chef Experience During Their 2023 Vacations At Club Wyndham Club Wyndham®, the nation’s largest vacation club, introduced a partnership with Take a Chef, allowing guests staying at select Club Wyndham resorts across the U.S. to easily book a private chef experience – without ever having to leave their resort suites. Read More November 01, 2022 Wyndham Destinations Gifts Travelers With Savings Of Up To 25% Off At Domestic And International Vacation Resorts This Holiday Season Wyndham Destinations, the world’s largest vacation ownership company, is ringing in the holiday season with savings of up to 25% off 60 resorts in popular domestic and international travel destinations through its Extra Holidays vacation rentals portal. Read More August 03, 2022 Wyndham Rewards Giving Away Over 100 Million Points  as 83rd Annual Wyndham Championship Returns to Sedgefield Wyndham Rewards®, the world’s most generous rewards program spanning more than 50,000 hotels, vacation club resorts and vacation rentals, returns to Sedgefield Country Club this week as proud title sponsor of the 83rd annual Wyndham Championship, bringing with it the chance for fans at the course and at home to win their share of over 100 million Wyndham Rewards points. Read More July 20, 2022 Wyndham Destinations Introduces New Dual-Branded Resort To Downtown Atlanta Wyndham Destinations, the world’s largest vacation ownership company, introduces a contemporary take on the timeshare model with the opening of the first vacation club resort property in Atlanta. Read More May 23, 2022 Wyndham Destinations Opens New Resort In Popular Adventure Destination Moab, Utah Families and adventure-seekers looking to visit one of the most sought-after outdoor recreation destinations in the West can kick off their hiking boots at Wyndham Destinations’ newest resort, The Moab Resort, a WorldMark by Wyndham vacation club affiliate. Read More May 16, 2022 Wyndham Destinations Honored with Ten Awards at  ARDA Timeshare Industry Conference Wyndham Destinations, the world’s largest vacation ownership business, was honored with 10 awards at the 2022 American Resort Development Association (ARDA) Timeshare Together Conference in the areas of Sales & Marketing and Management & Administration. Read More April 21, 2022 Wyndham Destinations Plans To Double Its Solar Capacity By End Of 2023 Wyndham Destinations, the world’s largest vacation ownership business as part of Travel + Leisure Co. (NYSE:TNL), today announced the completion of its latest solar installations and its commitment to further investments in alternative energy. Read More April 5, 2022 Club Wyndham Treats Moms With Vacation Discounts Fit For The Whole Family – Or Not This Mother’s Day, Club Wyndham, the nation’s largest vacation ownership club, , invites hardworking moms to kick back and relax during a getaway with the family – or enjoy a quiet getaway on her own. Read More March 30, 2022 WorldMark by Wyndham Launches Hiking Concierge Program For Adventure Travelers As travelers begin to plan their summer getaways, vacation  club WorldMark by Wyndham® is pulling out all the stops to introduce the ultimate hiking experience for adventure seekers. Read More February 3, 2022 Honolulu Star-Advertiser Names Wyndham Destinations A Winner Of The State Of Hawai'i Top Workplaces 2022 Award Wyndham Destinations, a Travel + Leisure Co. business, has been awarded a Top Workplaces 2022 honor by Hawai’i Top Workplaces. Read More January 18, 2022 Club Wyndham Gives Travelers the Ultimate Girls' Getaway for 'Galentine's Day' This Galentine’s Day, Club Wyndham, the nation’s largest vacation ownership club, is offering the ultimate package to bring girlfriends back together, complete with all the must-haves for an iconic girls’ weekend getaway. Read More View More View less Our Company Our Brands Club Wyndham WorldMark by Wyndham Margaritaville Vacation Club Shell Vacations Club Why Vacation Clubs Wyndham Cares News Contact Us Careers ©Wyndham Destinations 2025. All Rights Reserved. Travel + Leisure Co. Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Settings Proudly Supports Timeshare.com Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information - Consumers Our Clubs Club Wyndham Worldmark by Wyndham Shell Vacations Club Presidential Reserve Margaritaville Vacation Club by Wyndham Contact Us Careers ©Wyndham Destinations 2025. All Rights Reserved. Travel + Leisure Co. Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Settings Proudly Supports Timeshare.com Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information - Consumers The Internet Explorer web browser is no longer supported by Club Wyndham. Please upgrade your browser. ×