Luxury Hotels Las Vegas | Wynn & Encore Resorts Skip to main content Click to view our Accessibility Policy or contact us with accessibility related questions Check In 12/31/2025 - Check Out 1/3/2026 Rooms 1 Guests Per Room 2 Promo Code Check Availability 12/31/2025 - 1/3/2026 Check Availability Rooms & Suites Wynn Rewards Offers Dining Casino Experiences Entertainment Shops Meetings & Events Wynn Stories Welcome to Wynn and Encore Las Vegas There’s nothing in the world like Las Vegas—and there’s absolutely nothing in Las Vegas like Wynn. Only at Wynn and Encore VIEW ALL Holidays at Wynn Wynn Las Vegas invites guests to welcome 2026 with an extravagant lineup of New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day dining celebrations, including handcrafted cocktails and festive multi-course menus. View Details Awakening: Voted Best Production Show in Las Vegas Unlike anything you’ve ever seen: Awakening’s mind-bending illusions, music, dance, and breathtaking puppetry tell the epic tale of IO, whose quest to reunite Light and Darkness takes place in one of the most technologically advanced theaters in the world. View Details Buy Tickets The Cheese Connoisseur Los Angeles food personality and entrepreneur Dominick DiBartolomeo returns to guide us on a tasting of specialties from his world-famous emporium, The Cheese Store of Beverly Hills. Thursday, January 15. Learn More Make Reservation Pizzaiolo for a Day Naples-born chef Enzo Febbraro invites you to toss, top, and taste with him at this interactive pizza making experience. A casual pizza lunch follows. Thursday, January 22. Learn More Make Reservation EXCLUSIVE PACKAGES & OFFERS VIEW ALL Wynn Winter Getaway Celebrate the season with up to 20% savings on Wynn or Encore Resort rooms. View Details Book Now Wynn Rewards Exclusive Join Wynn Rewards or log in to your account to save up to 25% on accommodations and enjoy the flexibility of a 48-hour cancellation with this offer. View Details Book Now Wynn Rewards Advance Purchase Secure the best rate as a Wynn Rewards member. Save up to 30% with Wynn Rewards Advance Purchase. Offer non-cancellable, non-refundable. View Details Book Now Awakening Gourmet Getaway Join us for two nights at Wynn and Encore Las Vegas and receive Sapphire seats to Awakening and Gourmet Brunch for two at The Buffet. Your gourmet getaway starts here. View Details Book Now Rooms & Suites VIEW ALL Wynn Resort Experience Wynn resort accommodations, with one King or two Queen Wynn Dream Beds, among the most spacious standard rooms in Las Vegas. View Details Book Now Encore Resort Encore’s 745-square-foot Resort room combines one King or two Queen pillow-top Wynn Dream Beds with a roomy, separate living space. View Details Book Now Wynn Tower Suite King An exclusive entrance, daily breakfast credit and private pool deck for Tower Suites guests are just three amenities included with your spacious accommodations. View Details Book Now Encore Tower Suite King Retreat to the tranquil Encore Tower Suite King, with separate living room, work area and Italian marble bath. View Details Book Now Encore Tower Suite Two Queens Perfect for friend or family stays, our Tower Suite Two Queens combines the comforts of a Tower Suite King with two Queen custom Wynn Dream Beds. View Details Wynn Tower Suite Salon Expansive living and sleeping areas offer the ideal way to indulge in the resort life within our 1,817-square-foot Wynn Tower Suite Salon. View Details Book Now Bubble Brunch at Delilah An extravagant Saturday daytime dining and entertainment experience with champagne and surprises. View Details Dining VIEW ALL Delilah An homage to the glamorous age of Hollywood and Las Vegas, Delilah is a modern-day supper club with a vintage aesthetic. View Details Reserve A Table Casa Playa This coastal Mexican restaurant focuses on fresh seafood, seasonal ingredients, housemade masa, an extensive tequila and mezcal selection, and specialty cocktails. View Details Reserve A Table Cipriani The Italian icon brings its carpaccio alla Cipriani, baked tagliolini, vanilla meringue, and world-famous Bellini to Wynn Plaza Shops. View Details Reserve A Table Four Sixes Ranch Steakhouse A pop-up dining experience, Four Sixes Ranch Steakhouse transforms Tableau every evening. Guided by the spirit, flavor, and fire of the American West, it features the finest beef from Taylor Sheridan’s Four Sixes Ranch in Guthrie, Texas. View Details Reserve A Table Mizumi Set amid exotic gardens and waterfalls, Mizumi serves pristine sushi and sashimi, robatayaki bar specialties and modern Japanese cuisine. You can also dine at Mizumi's teppanyaki room, where chefs dazzle with their tableside cooking flair. View Details Reserve A Table PISCES Bar & Seafare PISCES Bar & Seafare, located on the Lake of Dreams, celebrates the cuisine of the Mediterranean coast with a menu from Executive Chef Martin Heierling. View Details RESERVE A TABLE Sartiano’s Italian Steakhouse Set to debut this winter, Scott Sartiano and Bond Hospitality, along with Culinary Director Alfred Portale, will reinvent the classic steakhouse experience with Neapolitan flair. View Details Sinatra From osso buco to spaghetti and clams, our tribute to Ol’ Blue Eyes serves modern twists on the classic Italian cooking Frank loved. View Details Reserve A Table SW Steakhouse Exceptional steaks, including certified Kobe, are served in a refined dining room and patio with prime views of Wynn’s Lake of Dreams. View Details Reserve A Table Tableau This chic indoor and outdoor restaurant with pool views serves breakfast, lunch and brunch adjacent to Wynn’s Tower Suites lobby. View Details Reserve A Table Wing Lei The first Chinese restaurant in the U.S. to earn a Michelin star serves Cantonese, Shanghai and Szechuan dishes in a dramatic room. View Details Reserve A Table Allegro Pizzas fired in the wood-burning oven, handmade pastas and classics like lasagna Napoletana are the draws in this relaxed setting. View Details Reserve A Table The Buffet at Wynn Las Vegas Featuring a stunning redesigned interior and expansive all-you-can-eat menu, The Buffet at Wynn Las Vegas is back and better than ever. View Details Priority Seating & Pre-payment Caffè Al Teatro An ornate European cafe featuring 24-hour express gourmet dining—breakfast selections, all-day savory fare and late-night sweet treats headline alongside fresh-roasted coffees, local beers and wellness beverages. View Details View Menu and Order Charlie’s Sports Bar Find crowd-pleasing American fare like burgers, sandwiches and shareable appetizers in the heart of Wynn’s Race & Sports Book. View Details Espresso Artisan market meets casual quick-serve café. Espresso serves dine-in and take-out bites near hotel registration at Encore. View Details View Menu and Order Jardin Farm-fresh dishes, from virtuous to indulgent, are served in an airy conservatory setting. View Details Reserve A Table La Cave Beautifully presented dishes, ideal for sharing, are accompanied by an extraordinary collection of wines in an intimate lounge, dining room and indoor/outdoor garden room and terrace. View Details Reserve A Table Red 8 Cantonese noodle dishes, Hong Kong-style barbecue and specialties from Thailand, Vietnam and Korea are served in this dynamic room. View Details Order and Pay Online Terrace Pointe Café This airy indoor/outdoor restaurant serves breakfast, lunch and brunch with views of Wynn’s manicured gardens and sparkling pool. View Details Reserve A Table Urth Caffé Organic, heirloom coffee and healthy cuisine have a devoted following, now in its first U.S. location outside Southern California. View Details Wazuzu Inspired by Chinese, Japanese and Thai cuisine, this Pan-Asian eatery serves lunch, dinner and late-night choices adjacent to Encore’s casino. View Details Order and Pay Online Aft Cocktail Deck Set out on a cocktail journey on the Lake of Dreams. Enjoy cocktails on the deck late into the night. View Details B Bar B Bar is the quintessential gathering spot for refined refreshments and conversation where the Wynn casino meets the Fairway Esplanade. View Details Little Bubble Bar at Delilah A whimsical nod to the golden age of Hollywood, Delilah’s Little Bubble Bar and Lounge creates an ideal scene for sophisticated cocktails and canapés. View Details Bar Parasol An oasis of Champagnes, caviar-centric small bites and views galore. View Details Eastside Lounge This intimate ultra-lounge overlooking Encore's pools is a swanky spot for hand-crafted cocktails. View Details Lobby Bar Start (or end) the evening with small plates, wine and spirits in this cleverly positioned lounge near Encore’s main entrance. View Details Overlook Lounge, Aperitifs & Spirits A newly designed cocktail destination with a distinctive personality, Overlook Lounge is an opulent and cozy haven for aperitifs, cocktails and spirits. View Details Tower Suite Bar Elegant and low-key, Wynn’s Tower Suites lobby is a relaxing meeting place for cocktails, savory small plates and specialties after a day of meetings or fun. View Details Order and Pay Online Things To Do VIEW ALL Wynn Slots App Download our exclusive Wynn Slots App and play for prizes, including our massive daily jackpot. Play Now Wynn Golf Club: A Las Vegas Golf Course From lush greens to rushing streams, you may forget you’re in Las Vegas at our Tom Fazio-designed course. Wynn Golf Club is now open. View Details Zero Bond Intended to be the cultural compass for its members, Zero Bond is an elevated social club that offers a highly curated experience, including its membership community, various amenities, exclusive events (one-of-a-kind entertainment, dining experiences, networking opportunities) and access to upscale facilities. Opening March 2026. View Details Apply for Membership The Spas and Fitness Centers at Wynn & Encore A range of exclusive treatments, performed by world-class treatment providers, distinguish our spas as two of the best to hold the coveted Forbes Five-Star Award. View Details Request Reservation Upcoming Las Vegas Shows and Entertainment at Wynn From Awakening, voted the “best production show in Las Vegas,” to the musicians, bands, and comedians at Encore Theater, Wynn Las Vegas has a performance you want to watch tonight. See what’s playing now. View Details The Lake of Dreams Show Discover the Lake of Dreams show and enjoy the theatrical journey of magic, lights, film, sculpture, music, and puppetry. View Details The Salon at Wynn & Encore As indulgent as they are efficient, our Salons offer a full range of hair and nail services, and at Wynn, a full-service Barbershop for men. View Details Request  Reservation Connoisseur by Wynn Learn the ways of luxury by attending one of our many on-site Connoisseur Series experiences curated by our world-class chefs and experts. View Details Clean Market IV Drip Lounge Indulge in the rejuvenating benefits of IV nutrient therapy at Clean Market IV Drip Lounge located on the Spa level at Wynn. (702) 770-3747 Get Directions XS XS is an elegant and intimate environment with a lavish interior surrounding Encore's European pool. VIEW DETAILS Wynn Las Vegas Pools & Cabanas Temperature-controlled pools, surrounded by immaculate gardens and fully stocked cabanas, are perfect for an afternoon of relaxation. View Details Shops VIEW ALL Cartier A reference in the world of luxury, Cartier, whose name is synonymous with open-mindedness and curiosity, stands out with its jewelry, watches, leather goods and more, revealing beauty wherever it may be found. (702) 696-0146 Get Directions Gucci Gucci brings its modern approach to fashion and Italian craftsmanship to The Shops at Wynn. (702) 673-6050 Get Directions ELEVENTY Eleventy is a luxury fashion brand founded in Milan in 2007, focusing on smart luxury that combines sophistication with modern sensibilities, emphasizing quality craftsmanship, sustainability, and timeless design. (702) 770-3456 Get Directions Alexander McQueen The House of Alexander McQueen is distinctive for its innovative and uncompromising expression of unbridled creativity. (702) 630-7672 Get Directions Amiri AMIRI offers an authentic interpretation of the California lifestyle, rooted in a relaxed expression of modern luxury. (702) 770-5475 Get Directions Aviator Nation This iconic California lifestyle brand designs 1970s-inspired garments for men, women, and children to make you look and feel like a rock star. (702) 620-7154 Get Directions Balenciaga Founded in 1917, Balenciaga is renowned worldwide for masterful cuts and exquisite techniques. (725) 724-4910 Get Directions Balmain French luxury fashion house founded in 1945 by Pierre Balmain, the visionary behind the “New French Style.” Under Creative Director Antonin Tron, the Maison blends contemporary elegance with over 80 years of heritage. (646) 761-8192 Get Directions Bijan – House of Bijan Named for designer Bijan Pakzad, this luxury boutique carries an exceptional selection of exclusive menswear, one-of-a-kind accessories, watches and fine jewelry. (702) 770-3588 Get Directions Bottega Veneta Renowned for its Italian master craftsmanship, Bottega Veneta features signature bags, small leather goods, clothing and accessories. (702) 931-3767 Get Directions Breitling One of today’s most sought-after watchmakers, Breitling has crafted Swiss-made timepieces since 1884, including the iconic Navitimer. (702) 852-1731 Get Directions Brioni This sophisticated Italian label offers tailor-made suits and fine menswear with a unique made-to-measure experience. (702) 650-5786 Get Directions Brunello Cucinelli Specializing in fine cashmere, Brunello Cucinelli has grown its collection to a full assortment of ready-to-wear and accessories, embodying a lifestyle of ultimate luxury. (702) 830-4240 Get Directions Buccellati An exceptional history and handcraft of Italian high jewelry is celebrated at Buccellati via intricate, time-honored motifs showcasing spectacular diamonds and gemstones. (702) 770-3469 Get Directions BVLGARI Bulgari was founded in Rome in 1884 and is known for its precious jewelry, luxury watches, handbags, leather goods, perfumes and memorable gifts for women and men. Visit our boutique and shop for exquisite luxury creations. (702) 625-9804 Get Directions CHANEL The House of Chanel continues to inspire women of all ages around the world with its timeless modernity and eternally chic designs. (702)765-5055 Get Directions Canada Goose Lifestyle brand, Canada Goose brings its performance luxury outerwear, apparel and accessories to first Las Vegas store at the Wynn with innovative Snow Room. (702) 770-3478 Get Directions Celine CELINE is a luxury French fashion House founded in 1945 by Céline Vipiana and today is under the creative direction of Hedi Slimane. (702) 836-9316 Get Directions Christian Louboutin Renowned for exquisitely made red-soled shoes, leather goods and beauty products, the Encore boutique offers some styles exclusive to Wynn. (702) 818-1650 Get Directions Chrome Hearts Chrome Hearts, the luxury accessories, leather, and furniture company, now brings its product line and sophisticated life-inspired designs to Wynn. (702) 893-9949 Get Directions Cotton Citizen An American-born, American-made brand, Cotton Citizen is known for modern essentials with timeless design and innovative wash treatments. (702) 770-3473 Get Directions Dior Founded in 1947, Christian Dior revolutionized fashion. Today, Dior brings French savoir-faire, rich heritage and luxurious products to Wynn. (702) 735-1345 Get Directions Diptyque The legendary French perfumer produces an exceptional—and highly giftable—collection of scented candles, fragrances, and body care. (702) 735-0127 Get Directions Eden Gallery Eden Gallery, one of the world's premier destinations for art enthusiasts, showcases contemporary works by renowned artists throughout its dynamic exhibition spaces. (702) 890-1542 Get Directions Feature Home to more than 120 of the most exclusive brands, Feature provides limited-edition footwear, high-end apparel, and accessories from Nike, Stone Island, and more. (702) 272-0324 Get Directions Fendi The house of FENDI was established by Adele and Edoardo Fendi in Rome in 1925. The opening of the first FENDI boutique — a handbag shop and fur workshop followed. Today, FENDI is synonymous with quality, tradition, experimentation and creativity. (702) 770-3447 Get Directions Ferragamo Founded in Florence in 1927, FERRAGAMO is a global leader in luxury. From its origins to today, FERRAGAMO has stayed true to its core values: the dedication to Italian craftmanship, quality and innovation. (702) 737-1171 Get Directions Givenchy The famed French label chose Wynn for its first U.S. boutique, which features sophisticated ready-to-wear and accessories for men and women. (702) 737-1091 Get Directions Golden Goose With the belief that each pair of sneakers is unique, Golden Goose has become one of the most successful independent Italian brands. (702) 954-3554 Get Directions Hermès From its iconic silk scarves and leather handbags to ready-to-wear and home accessories, Hermès combines classic chic with modern elegance. (702) 650-3116 Get Directions James Perse The Los Angeles-based designer is inspired by the easy California lifestyle to create sophisticated, casual clothing for men and women. (702) 726-6326 Get Directions Kiton A history of impeccable Italian tailoring is the heart of Kiton’s approach to fine clothing, shoes and accessories for men and women. (702) 699-5397 Get Directions Kwiat Acclaimed for its stunning jewelry collections and exclusive diamond cuts, Kwiat brings exquisite diamond rings and timeless designs to Wynn. (702) 625-8687 Get Directions Le Labo A niche perfume company born in Grasse, raised in New York City. Every fragrance is freshly hand-blended, and each label is personalized for you. (702) 780-6182 Get Directions Loewe Founded in Spain in 1846, LOEWE is one of the world’s major luxury houses, offering leather goods, ready-to-wear and accessories by creative directors Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez. (702) 220-4016 Get Directions Louis Vuitton Founded as a trunk-maker in 1854, Louis Vuitton is one of the world’s most sought-after labels for fashion, handbags, shoes and accessories. (702) 650-9007 Get Directions Mikimoto In 1893, Kokichi Mikimoto created the world's first cultured pearls. For more than a century, Mikimoto has been showcasing the allure of pearls in fine jewelry. (702) 730-4710 Get Directions Moncler Known for French-designed, Italian-crafted clothing, leather goods and skiwear, Moncler is also celebrated for its signature quilted jackets. (702) 323-7262 Get Directions Clean Market IV Drip Lounge Indulge in the rejuvenating benefits of IV nutrient therapy at Clean Market IV Drip Lounge located on the Spa level at Wynn. (702) 770-3747 Get Directions October's Very Own October’s Very Own (OVO) is a global lifestyle brand that produces art, music, clothing and accessories, and special collaborations. (702) 770-7070 Get Directions Omega From the first watch on the moon to the elegant timepieces worn by James Bond, Omega’s rich history as a watchmaker is simply unparalleled. (702) 852-1730 Get Directions Philipp Plein Rock-star style perfect for nights in Las Vegas is inspired by the dynamism and positive spirit of German designer Philipp Plein. (725) 222-7200 Get Directions Prada The renowned Italian house offers thoughtfully designed ready-to-wear, footwear and iconic handbags in one of the few made-to-order shops in the U.S. (702) 954-7216 Get Directions Rene Caovilla Visit Rene Caovilla at The Wynn and Encore. Experience the italian luxury style of René Caovilla's footwear. Handcrafted jewel shoes and elegant accessories. Dive into our exclusive collections! (702) 485-1030 Get Directions Rimowa Founded in Germany in 1898, Rimowa is one of Europe’s leading manufacturers of premium luggage, which is as durable as it is sophisticated. (702) 735-0221 Get Directions Rolex Boutique Watches of Switzerland Discover the Rolex Boutique, guided by the expertise of the Watches of Switzerland, an Official Rolex Jeweler. (702) 792-0667 Get Directions Saint Laurent Famed Paris design house Saint Laurent brings its newest boutique to Wynn Plaza Shops, with classic luxury for men and women. (725) 201-6750 Get Directions Stefano Ricci Stefano Ricci - Italian menswear brand Stefano Ricci brings its custom and meticulously crafted clothing and accessories to a lavishly appointed setting. (702) 770-3487 Get Directions Van Cleef & Arpels Founded in Paris in 1906, Van Cleef & Arpels is renowned for inventive jewelry designs, including its iconic Alhambra collection, as well as its artful status watches and coveted fragrances. (702) 770-3555 Get Directions Watches of Switzerland This British-based retailer offers an extensive selection of luxury Swiss watches, from popular models to exclusive, hard-to-find timepieces. (702) 792-0669 Get Directions Wolford Since 1950, Wolford has specialized in high-quality legwear, lingerie, and bodywear, creating innovative fashion that acts as a second skin for every woman. (702) 640-0663 Get Directions Zimmermann Founded by sisters Nicky and Simone Zimmermann in 1991, this popular Australian brand features feminine, sophisticated swimwear and ready-to-wear. (702) 209-2898 Get Directions Top Shop Home Collection Gift Cards Wynn Stories Wynn Slots App Mobile App Responsible Gaming About Us Careers Investor Relations Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Terms of Use Hotel Information & Directory Frequently Asked Questions Wynn Resorts Encore Boston Harbor Wynn Palace Cotai Wynn Macau Wynn Al Marjan Island Wynn Mayfair Wynn and Encore Las Vegas 3131 Las Vegas Blvd. Las Vegas, NV 89109 +1 (702) 770-7000 Connect with us. Do Not Sell Or Share My Data © 2025 Wynn Resorts Holdings, LLC. All rights reserved.