Home - Wynncraft, The Minecraft MMORPG home news store Ranks Crates Shares Silverbull Pets Bombs Gift Cards community Discord Bedrock Wiki Forums FAQ Developers stats items classes map play.wynncraft.com home news store Ranks Crates Shares Silverbull Pets Bombs Gift Cards community Discord Bedrock Wiki Forums FAQ Developers stats items classes map The Minecraft MMORPG Click to learn about classes and abilities. Embark on an adventure like no other in the province of Wynn! No mods are required to play. Wynncraft is the largest Minecraft MMORPG Server. Select your class and join millions of players in the best RPG adventure map Minecraft has to offer. Level up, complete quests, trade, slay bosses, discover secrets and loot, capture territories with your guildmates, and much more. The choice is yours! How to join the Wynncraft MMORPG: Launch Minecraft: Java Edition In "Multiplayer", click "Add Server" Enter play.wynncraft.com for the IP Confirm and login to start your RPG adventure today! Fantasy Medieval Builds Travel the provinces of Wynn and Gavel, each filled with incredible medieval rustic builds and fantasy landscapes created over 10+ years by our build team. No external tools are used to generate landscapes and builds, everything is carefully created with intent from the very start. Click to view the full live map. Loot & Economy Find legendary items and combo them with your abilities for devastating effects, or sell them on the Trade Market and become the richest player in one of the largest Minecraft server economies there is. Click to view all items. Quests and Roleplay Embark on a fantasy adventure and complete intricate quests. Roleplay as various classes and archetypes and go on a journey around the world of Wynncraft. Endgame Challenges Overcome challenging Raids and defeat Bosses never seen before in Minecraft. Whether a seasoned player or new to MMORPGs, there’s always something around ready to challenge your skills. Play Wynncraft Now! Ready to start your journey? Grab your Minecraft: Java Edition client and log in to play.wynncraft.com ! No mods are required to play. How to play Wynncraft: Launch Minecraft: Java Edition In "Multiplayer", click "Add Server" Enter play.wynncraft.com for the IP Confirm and login to start your RPG adventure today! Business Contact Billing Support Report a bug Terms of Service Privacy Policy Settings Copyright Wynncraft © 2013 - 2026. Unaffiliated with Mojang AB or the Microsoft Corporation.