Animated Explainer Video Production Company | Wyzowl Video examples Wall of love Pricing The Explainer Video Company We pioneered creating explainer videos with fixed prices, fixed turnarounds and unlimited revisions back in 2011. Since then we’ve created 4,000+ custom videos for 2,000+ companies worldwide. See Pricing Watch Video 2 spots left this month We limit production to 20 videos per month to ensure every client gets our full creative energy and personal attention. 5.0 Customer rating We’ve worked with some of the world’s best-known brands and thousands of small businesses. See examples Videos that educate , inform & support Want to explain what you do? Want your customers to say what makes you great? Want to deliver the perfect product demo every time? We’ll make it happen. Testimonial videos Let your customers do the talking. We record anywhere in the world without travel fees. Watch more examples Explainer videos Explain your product or service with a perfectly crafted elevator pitch. Watch more examples Demo videos Show your product in action – support existing customers and convert new ones. Watch more examples “We’ve seen hundreds of thousands of dollars in the form of new customers who originated with us by watching a Wyzowl video.” – Sean Crafts (Mavenlink) Explainer videos are our thing… …and, we’ve got more experience than just about anyone else. For over 13 years, we’ve helped companies all over the world educate, support, and inspire people with powerful, purpose-driven explainer videos. With more than 4,000 videos under our belt, we know what it takes to turn complex ideas into clear, engaging stories that stick. “The best part is helping our customers tell their stories in an exciting way.” – Matt Byrom, Founder of Wyzowl Let us tell your story in a way that people will remember. “Truly exceptional service and follow through. To cut to the chase, we had a fantastic experience with Wyzowl and absolutely recommend them.” – Justin McCullough (Capital One) Every video comes with our “ peace of mind guarantee ” You’ll never pay extra Simple, fixed pricing with everything included. You’ll always know what’s next Clear, fixed delivery dates – no vague “coming soon” promises. You’ll love the result Unlimited revisions until you’re thrilled with the outcome. You’ll enjoy the process We built our own project software – now used by 1,000+ agencies. All-inclusive creative Scriptwriting, custom graphics, voiceover, music, animation – everything is included. Our customers say it best We have worked with Wyzowl multiple times now because of the smooth and straightforward experience. Our most recent project focused on generating awareness for the launch of our newest form builder and we are glad to say it was a resounding success. The video we created with Wyzowl has had hundreds of thousands of views to date, and it’s still climbing. Because of their outstanding skills and production time, I would not hesitate to work with them again. – Aytekin Tank – Founder – JotForm See our wall of love We’ve created videos for companies big and small, in just about every industry. Simple fixed pricing. No hidden fees. Ever. Testimonial videos Let your customers do the talking. We record worldwide without travel fees. Explainer videos Explain your product or service with a perfectly crafted elevator pitch. From $2,500 Demo videos Demo your software to new prospects or support existing customers. From $2,000 Fill in the form and we’ll be in touch to chat about your project, pricing, and timelines. " * " indicates required fields Your name * First Last Email address * Phone * Your video requirements * This field is hidden when viewing the form cloudamp__data__c This field is hidden when viewing the form gclid Δ 2 spots left this month We limit production to 20 videos per month to ensure every client gets our full creative energy and personal attention. Commonly asked questions Who are Wyzowl anyway? Fair question… we’re only a little hurt that you haven’t heard about us 😂 We’re one of the world’s leading explainer video agencies 🏅 Since 2011 we’ve created over 4,000 videos for 2,000 companies in 40 different countries worldwide 🌎 Some of our well known clients include: …but we work with a wide range of businesses from small to large, in many different industries. We’re a passionate team of copywriters, illustrators & animators and we love telling great stories with beautiful visuals 😍 How long does it take to create an explainer video? It typically takes around 6 weeks to create an animated explainer video from start to finish. This is because we have a scripting stage, an illustration and storyboard stage and an animation stage. When we have feedback and amends rounds at each stage this process takes around 6 weeks to complete. We can work to rush turnarounds or allocate more resource to projects if you have a specific deadline. Testimonial and demo videos can usually be completed much quicker as they have fewer stages to go through. What’s included in the price? We include everything you need to create an excellent video: scripting, custom illustration to match your brand, storyboarding, animation, professional voiceover, royalty free music, sound effects, video editing & exceptional customer service. Our service is all-inclusive meaning you won’t need to purchase anything else, we include everything you need. Why is animation a good choice for explainer videos? While there are some notable examples of live action explainer videos, animated video tends to be the most popular choice for explainers. With animation, you can control every aspect of what happens and how your video looks and feels – without hiring actors or scouting out locations. Live action video certainly has its strengths – but when you’re creating videos to explain, we recommend animated video, purely because of its flexibility. Will the video match our brand and style? Yes, absolutely. Everything we create is from scratch to match your brand and style. We can take inspiration from many different areas but everything we create will be made to match your brand and style. What does Wyzowl need from me during the video production process? We start the animated explainer video production process by asking you to complete a short brief form, and jump on a kickoff call with members of our team. This helps us get on the same page before the project gets underway. Once we understand the goals and requirements for your explainer video, we’ll take care of everything else. We ask for your feedback and sign off throughout the entire process, but offer unlimited revisions at each stage as well. This means you can be confident you’re going to end up with an amazing explainer video you love! How many changes can I make at each stage of production? We want you to leave the process with an animated video you love. That’s why our animated explainer video services come with unlimited revisions at each stage of the process – we just ask for a firm sign off at the end of each stage. Some animated explainer video companies do put limits on the number of revisions you can make during the process. This is important to keep in mind – make sure to ask any explainer video agency how many changes you’re allowed to make! How do I get started? Fill out the form above and a member of our team will be in touch to discuss your video requirements, timescales and pricing. If you’re ready to get started you can simply click the buy buttons above and we’ll be in touch to get your video project underway! Pages Video examples Wall of love Pricing Login Find out more Why Wyzowl Privacy policy Terms & conditions Cookies policy Contact us Resources Video marketing blog Original data AI video tools Guides Find us Wyzowl c/o 4040 Media Limited, Curzon Road, Southport PR8 6PL We also make: © Copyright Wyzowl 2025