X-FLOW Games Highlights About Us Contacts Jobs X-FLOW mobile gaming company Trailer Happy color Unwind and experience the magic of coloring with the world’s favorite digital coloring book. Join millions of fans enjoying it daily! Follow Us Trailer Star merge Discover the ultimate merge and match experience, born from the brilliant collaboration between the creative minds at Plummy Games and X-FLOW team! Highlights Color the galaxy Happy Color has joined forces with Star Wars to create a brand-new coloring experience inspired by the iconic galaxy far, far away. Color for Wildlife Together, we colored to help protect the rare Silver-backed Chevrotain. Coloring for Mental Health Happy Color and Mental Health America unite for mental wellness. Color to Plant event with One Tree Planted Take a glimpse into a tree-mendous coloring adventure arranged by Happy Color & One Tree Planted! Color for Wishes with Make-A-Wish International Get an exclusive look into how Happy Color brought joy and hope to children with critical illnesses. Disney Magic in Happy Color X-FLOW has partnered with Disney to kick off a whole new era of fairy tale magic for all ages. Animal Rescue with Battersea Cats & Dogs We joined forces with one of the oldest and most tenured animal rescue organizations in the UK. Color for Seniors Campaign with Meals on Wheels America Happy Color held its first-ever community event, bringing together fans from around the globe. Color. Share. Care. Campaign with ASPCA Happy Color helped furry buddies in need by partnering with the ASPCA. Here's how it all went. About Us X-FLOW is a mobile game development company established in 2018. We gained recognition with the release of Happy Color, the most popular digital coloring book and one of the most successful ad-driven mobile apps globally. We take pride in our diverse and talented team and partners, spread across the UK, Cyprus, the Netherlands, and other regions worldwide. Together, we are working on developing new market-leading products and are preparing to make another significant contribution to the mobile gaming market. Contacts Questions? Partnership? We'd love to hear from you! Happy Color Support General Inquires GUILDFORD, ENGLAND Connaught House, 255 High St, GU1 3BS X-FLOW II LIMITED, Registered in England & Wales, Reg. No. 12088596 LIMASSOL, CYPRUS 8 Genethliou Mitella, 3036 X-FLOW LTD, Registered in Cyprus, Reg. No. 381987 © 2025 X-FLOW LTD Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences