X.Org X.Org Edit Page History Repo Info The X.Org project provides an open source implementation of the X Window System. The development work is being done in conjunction with the freedesktop.org community.  The X.Org Foundation is the educational non-profit corporation whose Board serves this effort, and whose Members lead this work. The last full release of the entire X.Org stack was X11R7.7 - since then individual X.Org modules have been released independently as needed - see the xorg-announce archives for details of those releases, and https://www.x.org/releases/individual/ for downloads. Information about all releases is available. (Important: If you have an older release, please see the Security page for information on security updates.) Follow X.Org on: You may be interested in: Documentation Development-related news . X.Org events . Press releases . The Annual Report on the State of the X.Org Foundation Related projects . Reporting problems, asking questions and getting help Check to see if your question is answered in the FAQ . Check the issues for the xorg group in the freedesktop gitlab to report bugs against X.Org. Check the Xorg mailing list archives Send other questions or comments to the xorg mailing list . Or get help on XorgIRC . Development The DeveloperStart page includes information for developers along with links to per-module developer pages. Mailing Lists On XorgMailingLists you can find a list of X-related mailing lists hosted on lists.freedesktop.org.  More mailing lists on X Window System and related technologies along with subscription directions are available at XOrg Foundation . Getting X The best place to get X is from your operating system or distribution vendor.  X.Org currently provides no binaries. There are many Mirrors from which you can download source code to the X Window System. If you would like to be a mirror, feel free to do so and add yourself to the Mirrors page. Development snapshots are currently on hiatus; most modules now update slowly enough that frequent snapshots aren't needed. Security For security advisories please check our SecurityPage . Please notify us of any security issues by sending mail to xorg_security@x.org . Sponsorship and Donations The X.Org Foundation welcomes sponsorship (both cash and in-kind), and tries hard to put the donations of sponsors to transparent good use.  The Foundation is an extremely low-overhead all-volunteer organization.  If you are interested in contributing, please see our SponsorshipPage . Donate via SFC's PayPal: Donation via check or money order: Make your check payable to Software Freedom Conservancy and write "X.org" in the
memo or reference field. For more information including the mailing address,
and details on possible wire transfer please see https://sfconservancy.org/donate/ Acknowledgements Our thanks go to Portland State University for providing the hosting of x.org/freedesktop.org, to HP for providing the x.org/freedesktop.org hardware, and others who have provided generous financial sponsorship and in-kind support. Our thanks also go to the contributors to the X Window System technology over the years. Many of these are acknowledged in previous distribution release notes . Copying The content of this wiki is licensed under the MIT License unless stated otherwise by the author of specific wiki pages. This license has been selected to ease documentation sharing with the xserver source code. Last edited Thu May  4 01:23:11 2023