x10hosting - Free Web hosting Web Hosting For The Masses Toggle navigation Home Sign Up Features Support Premium Hosting Sign In Cloud hosting that is free and unlimited! Need a design? We have you covered. We offer free website builders, eCommerce templates and more to get you online in minutes! create your free website A sample of our available templates. Over 150 fully customizable templates available in different categories. Choose yours and create something totally original. Signup to pick from over 150 other amazing templates 1 Choose Choose from over 150 premade high quality templates to start from. 2 Create Using our site builder make the template yours by customizing it to your unique style. 3 Publish Your new site is ready to reveal to the world, publish it and show it off to your friends. It's that easy. Getting online with your own website is really this easy, no technical know-how required. Ready to rock with us? It's super-easy and always FREE! Plan Email User Terms Done! Choose a base plan Control Panel Databases Email Addresses Disk Space Domains Support Cost x10 Premium cPanel Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited 24/7 Dedicated Ticket System As low as $3.95/month Sign Up x10 Basic DirectAdmin 2 * 3 * 500MB ** 3 * Self and Community Support Always Free Continue Upgrade from basic to premium at any time * Amount available to free accounts. Upgrades can be purchased at any time. ** Initial quota. Free upgrades available for qualifying accounts. Provide an email to use when signing into your hosting account. Back Next Provide a user name and password. This is used for your account and also the community forum. Back Next Review and agree to our Terms of Service. The link won't lose your progress. Back View Terms of Service I Agree Next You're all set! Verify you're a human then click finish to create your account. Finish Why choose x10Hosting Web Hosting? 10+ Years Industry Veteran We've been around for a long time and we're here to stay. Rest assured that we know how to provide a stable, high-performance web hosting service that isn't going to close overnight. We believe that hosting should be accessible to all, and that's precisely why we offer free hosting
                        for everyone. We even give you unmetered bandwidth and disk space ? allowing
                        your site to grow without fear of ridiculously low limits like our other free hosting competitors!
                        You won't find many companies doing that free of charge! Complete Control Want to write your own PHP scripts or install a third-party package? Sure! Website Builder Not familiar with handrolling your own design? That's no problem. High Performance Our optimized cloud platform won't let your website get bogged down. Here to Stay We've proven to not be the average free host − 10 solid years and counting. Flexible Web Hosting We use only top-of-the-range enterprise server
                                hardware, premium networks, an industry-leading
                                private cloud software, and the DirectAdmin control
                                panel to bring your website to the world −
                                very fast, completely free. Easy upgrades as your needs expand User-friendly 1-Click Software Installation WordPress? Joomla? MyBB? Our servers have over 300 one-click installers to make setting up
                                software quick and easy. Never again follow install guides and documentation - let our cloud
                                do it all for you. 300+ one-click installs, including all popular third-party scripts Advanced Web Hosting Tools Our web hosting control panel is packed full
                                of powerful features to make managing your
                                website quick and easy. We provide you with
                                full access to the latest DirectAdmin control panel
                                and also a simplified in-house developed alternative − x10Hosting Basic −
                                for those just starting out. Easy file uploads, edits & more via FTP Manage MySQL databases via PHPMyAdmin Configure email inboxes and domains Support & Upgrades If you're stuck on a problem while building your site
                                we offer completementary forum and Discord support with
                                our community of experienced webmasters. We offer x10Premium account upgrades that provide you with
                                immediate attention from our full-time support team. Review available upgrades » More than 10 years of experience Friendly, knowledgeable staff 100% in-house, English support team Free WordPress Hosting with x10Hosting Our hosting platform is fully optimized for Wordpress with complete support for all standard modules and
                    plugins. Did we mention it's free ? Wordpress in under 5 minutes. Once you sign up for a free
                                        hosting package you can use our automated script installer to be up and running with a fresh
                                    Wordpress install in just minutes. Lightning Fast Speed Hosted on our 100% SSD private Cloud behind our fully optimized software setup you won't
                                    find a faster or more reliable platform to host your Wordpress site on. Of course, if you find that you want to expand, we do offer premium
                        hosting with additional features, but our free hosting is the perfect opportunity for you to
                    test the waters and see where you want to go with your site before making a monetary commitment.
                    x10Hosting not only offers free hosting but also offers a solution for every stage of your site's life.
                    From free hosting all the way to dedicated servers, we've got you covered no matter what your needs. Had enough talk? Ready to start building? No problem, free hosting signup is
                        only a click away Create free account Need Help? On top of all that we don't leave you hanging our community support
                        forum has a whole section dedicated to scripts
                                and 3rd-party applications that can help you get started! . Maybe you need
                        something more technical? Or have a support question, no sweat we certainly have you covered!
                        Between our Forum Community and our awesome Discord server we can definitely get you on the right
                        track!. Discord Support Forum Support x10Hosting takes matters involving abuse or illegal activity on our services very seriously. If you
                    believe someone is abusing our service please send us a message. Include as much information as possible
                    with your complaint. We may not respond but we do receive all abuse complaints submitted. For more
                    information on reporting copyright infringement please see our DMCA page. x10Hosting Free Website Hosting Company Contact Us Premium Web Hosting Virtual Private Servers Our Community Discord Community Forums Facebook Twitter Legal / Compliance Terms of Service Privacy Policy Acceptable Use Policy Report Abuse / DMCA © 2026 x10Hosting, LLC. x10Hosting Terms of Service