Xactimate ®
Sign In
RenewBuy Now800-424-9228
English (United States)
​
The most powerful and comprehensive solution for property claims estimating.

Generate precise, professional estimates for restoration jobs of all types. Xactimate® makes estimating property claims more efficient and accurate.

With Xactimate, you can:
Create estimates quickly

Generate precise, detailed, and professional-looking estimates with sketches and reliable project costs.

Access reliable pricing

Get pricing for more than 460 geographic regions and reduce the time it takes to determine accurate reconstruction costs.

Sketch complicated structures effortlessly

Take measurements and add doors, stairs, and hallways using your mobile device to create a diagram with SketchAR.

Reduce cycle times and improve consistency

React more effectively to changing circumstances and provide more accurate estimates earlier in the claims process.

Not an Xactimate user yet?

Call our sales team today to begin or upgrade your Xactimate subscription.

Pro
Standard
Pro
Most Popular

$2,690/year

$330/month

Buy Now

Access from all platforms: desktop, mobile, and online.
Efficiently estimate with guided assistance through XactScope®
Measure accurately with direct-to-sketch SketchAR®
Streamlines water mitigation claims with automated and precise rebuild estimates with XactRebuild.
Learn all about Xactware with one year of complimentary access to the Xactware Classroom in addition to 24/7 free online chat support.
Standard

$2,100/year

$850 for 3 months

Buy Now

24/7 free online chat support.
Choose one platform - Desktop or Mobile or Online
Efficiently estimate with guided assistance through XactScope®
Measure accurately with direct-to-sketch SketchAR®
Streamlines water mitigation claims with automated and precise rebuild estimates with XactRebuild.

Need assistance?

Our sales team is here to help.

Call 800-424-9228
Become more efficient and proficient with Xactimate
Xactware Classroom

Explore Xactimate at your own pace with the Xactware Classroom. It’s tailored for all skill levels, so you can learn what you need when you need it.

Learn More
Instructor-led training

Discover Xactimate through our instructor-led training, available both online and in-person to fit your learning style.

Register Now
YouTube channel

Watch Xactimate in action through our video library of free expert tips.

Watch Now
Privacy Notice|License Agreement
© 2008, 2026 Verisk Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved.
USA: 800-424-9228