Xara Cloud & Plus Products: Design & Marketing Content Suite. | Xara Cloud Skip to main content Are you a Magix Customer? Here's your discount × Xara Menu Products CLOUD PLATFORM Xara Cloud Scale your branded content with simple creative tools. Templates Create content and business docs in minutes. Xara API Power up your platform’s content. Virtual Assistant Get content created and published for you regularly. DESKTOP CREATIVE TOOLS Designer Pro+ Unlimited design flexibility meets simplicity. Vector graphics, image editing, and web design. Photo & Graphic Designer+ All your photo editing and illustration tools in one simple workflow. Web Designer+ Design and launch websites you are proud of. No coding hassles. Elements (New) Xara’s creative library. From high-quality templates to vectors, images and tools. WHAT’S NEW Automatic Real Estate Campaigns Playbooks automatically create and deliver your agents' marketing campaigns so they can promote their listings now, without any work. HTML Emails Access a custom email template library to ensure each campaign drives engagement and conversions. They work with your CRM and email provider. See all >> Talk to Sales Solutions BUSINESS SOLUTIONS Brand Management Keep your organization’s content on-brand, every time. Digital Asset Management Your creative assets and projects at your fingertips. Turn chaos into confidence. Creative Collaboration Create a single source of truth for real-time collaborative projects. Document Transformation Transform documents according to your goals. Edit PDFs and static docs. Create Content Fast Bring your visual communication to life without heavy design work. FEATURE SPOTLIGHT PDF Editor Edit, merge, and transform any PDF file. Table Maker Visualize data and create document layouts in seconds. Brand Library Automatically keep your content on-brand. Analytics and insights Track document performance. Web-to-Print Marketing (New) INTEGRATIONS Data Visualization Visualize Excel & Google sheets with charts & infographics. MLS integration Automatically create content from MLS listings. FEATURED INDUSTRY Real Estate Brokerage & MLS Teams & Offices Automated Listing Marketing Software (New) Playbooks – Automated Real Estate Campaigns (New) Talk to Sales Real Estate AI Playbooks Instant marketing campaigns for every listing. AI Marketing Workers Autonomous marketing: listings, sales docs, content calendars. AI Social Media Manager Social media on autopilot: nonstop listing posts & local expert content. Resources LEARN Blog Explore visual communication best practices for companies like yours. Brand Hub Tips and frameworks to build brands that matter. Product Updates Discover our latest product updates and features. BEST PRACTICES Join Our Weekly Product Tour Everything you need to know about Xara Cloud in 30 minutes. Help Center Learn even more about how Xara Works. Past Webinars and Events On-demand webinar and past event recordings. Video Library Best Practices, Step-By-Step Guidess, and overviews. FEATURED CONTENT The 2025 Marketing Playbook for Real Estate Brokers and Brokerages Get a Xara Cloud Product Tour Talk to Sales Pricing MARKETING CENTER Xara Cloud Pricing for Real Estate DESIGN TOOLS – DESKTOP Designer Pro+ Web Designer+ Photo & Graphic Designer+ Compare All Products Log in Marketing center Xara Cloud Manage my desktop products Designer Pro+ Manage orders & downloads Web Designer+ Manage orders & downloads Photo & Graphic Designer+ Manage orders & downloads Manage my desktop products Get a demo XARA CLOUD Loved by marketers Trusted by brands Handle your marketing & sales materials on the fly while securing the professionalism of your brand. Automate design, branding, and personalization tasks. Email: No credit card needed Rated 4.8/5 on Find everything here Grab inspiration fast Collaborate with everyone Your content is always on-brand These marketing and sales people deliver winning touchpoints with Xara Cloud: XARA PRODUCTS Design is just the start Xara’s products are built to simplify design and speed up business results. Xara Designer Pro+ Desktop app Desktop publishing, web design, photo editing and graphic design under one roof. Compatible with Learn more Xara Web Designer+ Desktop app Launch your online business, portfolio, or personal site today- your way. Compatible with Learn more Xara Photo and Graphic Designer+ Desktop app Image retouching, social media posts or show-stopping graphics? Edit them here. Compatible with Learn more Xara Cloud The easiest way for marketers to produce winning touchpoints. Learn more Image by Fred van der Zee - Digital Thangka The content you want, without the back and  forth What if you could uncomplicate the way you deliver visual content? Xara lets you create, collaborate on, and
scale the content that makes your brand stand out.
Adding meaningful touchpoints with your audience, instead of tasks. OPTIMIZED FOR BUSINESS TEAMS One platform for all your creative goals Launch campaigns faster, create powerful pitch decks, and manage your branded content in one place. Everything your team needs to engage your audience with the right content in minutes is here, with a workflow that adapts to your creative needs. Manage & grow your brand: Maintain brand consistency across all your content by automatically applying your logos, fonts colors and defining what others can change. Get content to market faster: Bring your team’s ideas to life without the heavy design work. Create consistently branded visuals on demand and meaningful touchpoints at scale. Collaborate with your team: Collaborate and deliver high-performing campaigns with your team. Unify your marketing workflows, communicate and centrally share everything your team needs to drive creative projects forward in one platform. Transform any document: Import your ideas in any format and transform them according to your goal. Edit a PDF, repurpose it into a presentation and give rigid documents a new life.  It’s not about what you start with, it’s about the end-result. Organize & manage your assets: Finding and sharing assets across platforms slows your team down. Whether it’s a logo, font, or a project, make it easy to locate, access and upload any relevant assets in a single source of truth CLOUD TEMPLATES Never start from scratch With a library of thousands of professionally designed templates, you’ll never have to start from scratch Real Estate Startups Marketing Consulting Tech and Saas Say hello to on-brand listings and scale your material in minutes, from print to Facebook campaigns. Instant branding and content generation straight from MLS listings take your collateral a step further. Power up business growth with content that reflects how you envision your brand. From proposals and pitch decks to employee contracts. Hit the ground running, collaborate, and create engaging documents efficiently, to focus on what you do best. Scale your content and brand reach across all your channels in one go. From engaging Facebook posts to multichannel campaigns, sales enablement content, and content repurposing— Small-team marketing never felt bigger. Don’t just send proposals and train customers. Create clean, innovative, and reusable branded material that nurtures and grows your client base. Spend time on strategy ideation and delivery, not on creating documents. Scaling your brand starts with an efficient workflow that adapts to your growth. From presentations to marketing material- Centralize your ideas and your creative process, collaborate, and deliver consistently. MORE TEMPLATES IT’S EASY TO GET STARTED Your message is clear, why shouldn’t your workflows be? Long tutorials are for complicated tools. We are all about easy visualization. Pick Building Blocks Choose a template and plug your ideas, or upload any doc and start editing it. Add diagrams, tables, images, and watch your ideas evolve. Instantly brand content All your documents are auto-branded with your logos, colors, fonts and you define what others can change. Share anywhere Reach your audience where they are. Transform one piece of content into many touchpoints for every channel with one click. Measure success Make data-informed decisions by seeing who engages with your documents, for how long, and understand what documents make your audience tick. CLOUD INTEGRATIONS Xara works with your everyday tools Easy access and distribution of your creative assets. Here's why business and design teams love Xara Must have designer tool for marketing. Xara Cloud lets me design on a web-based application and post seamlessly to social media sites. I use xara for my company due to being such a simple UI with broad design space. I love being able to connect my team’s cloud drives. Share files, convert files, etc. The capabilities are endless, especially if you have the Xara Designer PRO + application with the subscription. Sergio R. Web Administrator. Solid product and a great feature set. We use Xara Cloud to create our marketing and training materials quickly and effectively. We’re able to switch brand assets quickly when we have to create pieces for clients, and exporting. It’s quick and intuitive. JD Kraemer Director of Customer Engagement Professional design templates to bring content to life. I know what I want my content to look like, and Xara Cloud provides intuitive, professional design templates to bring that content to life. In addition, the branding tools make it easy to create multiple types of content that all fit within our style guide. Andrea B. VP Client Engagement Top rated in major review sites Last year 52,469 businesses transformed their brand experience with Xara. Join them . TRY XARA FOR FREE Solutions Brand Management Digital Asset Management Creative Collaboration Content Creation Document Transformation Print Marketing Design Services Xara Cloud Vs Breakthrough Broker Xara Cloud Vs Maxa Designs Xara Cloud Vs Canva Features PDF Editor Table Maker Branding Toolkit Take Color from Photo Fonts & Styles Color Schemes Brand control MLS For Developers Create Proposals Catalogs Brochures Product Sheets e-Books Social Media Diagrams Business Diagrams Timeline Chart SWOT Analysis Venn Diagram Pie Chart Table Maker Project Life Cycle Flowchart Real Estate Content View more templates Desktop tools Xara Designer Pro+ Xara Web Designer+ Xara Photo & Graphic Designer+ Scale Compare the applications Download Web Hosting for Xara users Help Resources Xara Cloud Walkthrough Webinars Video Library Help Center Company About Us Why Xara Contact Us Press Center News Careers Privacy & Cookie Imprint Affiliate Copyright © 2025 Xara GmbH. Xara® is a registered Trademark of Xara GmbH.