xat new to xat? Register an account. Find a xat group that shares your interests. Make your own xat group. Get and trade Powers. Play a multiplayer game. Design your own animated avatar character. Send stickers with custom text. learn more Follow xat on : create a xat group Your own xat group could be for particular subject (e.g. music, anime, video games), for the visitors to your site or just for you and your friends. You can use it on xat or embed it on your site. Groups are fully customizable and can be members only if you want to restrict it to your friends. create xat group powers You can use your xats and days to buy special powers for the xat box. These include sets of custom smilies, special effects and abilities and group powers which add extra features to your xat group. Learn more about all the available powers on the xat wiki . get powers trade powers You can trade powers with other xat users. If you are skillful you can earn a profit, buy low and sell high. xat trade is a stock exchange where traders meet. start trading games Play games against your friends or randoms. Compete to be the fastest in the race games or evade bans with the ban games. Doodle is a freeform co-operative drawing app. DoodleRace gives you something to draw and then you vote on whose drawing was the best. Also try the new Hearts card game. play now xavi animated character Design your own custom animated character with the Xavi app and watch it respond to what you type. Choose from a variety of accessories, hairstyles, colors and much more! ( Requires Xavi power ) make your xavi stickers Stickers to share in your conversations! You can even personalize them with your own custom colored text. ( Requires Sticker powers ) see stickers xat groups find out what people are talking about search featured popular supported games « Previous 1 2 3 4 5 » Next « Previous 1 2 3 4 5 » Next privacy/cookies • terms of service • safety • © xat xat uses cookies and your use is subject to terms agree settings privacy preferences × you tried to open a group tab has been blocked due to your privacy preferences. Opening this tab is the same as visiting a third party website. You can 'allow this time' or change your 'group tabs' privacy preferences below. allow this time necessary cookies These are necessary for this service to operate. They mainly store your preferences and settings. Learn more about necessary cookies. performance cookies These are used to improve the performance of the service. The service can operate without these. Learn more about performance cookies. group tabs (third party) This option allows third party content to open automatically on all xat groups. Learn more about third party content. privacy policy close