XCritical — comprehensive service for trading in markets sales@xcritical.com Home Forex solutions CRM AMS XCritical Trading Platform SmartBot AffShore Mobile App Crypto solutions Crypto Exchange Crypto Wallet Crypto Payment System Connectors White Label Solutions White Label Crypto Exchange White Label Forex Solutions About Us Contact us Blog sales@xcritical.com .com .in .ru Schedule a Demo Turnkey Forex Solutions Start your own high-profit forex brokerage in a matter of days or scale your existing business with the best-in-class forex software XCritical. Schedule Your Demo Today Talk to an Expert XCritical — service solution for trading in markets XCritical CRM XCritical Trading platform XCritical AMS XCritical Crypto Exchange XCritical CryptoWallet Increase productivity A customer relationship management system helping brokers and their partners increase productivity. Innovative technologies significantly simplify the jobs of your team members, increase the quality of service, and improve customer retention and loyalty! All operations in one window CRM XCritical allows for a simple and efficient workflow. All your daily operating tasks can be accomplished from a single interface, thereby significantly streamlining your processes. You can call customers, send SMS, and use all the platform features without switching between windows. Data access CRM XCritical enables managers, partners, agents, and employees of all the company departments to view, organize, and manage customer data easily. Users can set up relevant filters when searching the data sets thereby reducing the time and improving the overall efficiency of the organization. Security and access levels With XCritical CRM managers can extend a different access level to organization’s employees, limiting access to confidential customer data. User-level access can be assigned by position or individually. Learn More 1000+ real-time instruments XCritical trading platform allows customers to trade from anywhere in the world using any device. XCritical allows clients to trade in the Forex/CFD market by providing over 1000 real-time instruments. It supports seven languages. Functionality The XCritical trading platform allows users to perform a variety of tasks securely and instantaneously: from making deposits to completing trades. User-friendly graphics-enhanced display of signals, open/close positions and other data points enable faster decision making, increasing customers’ transaction numbers and trading volume. Technological advantages The XCritical trading platform meets the highest modern standards including maximum connection speed and compatibility with all mobile devices. The platform is fully integrated with XCritical CRM. CRM Integration The XCritical platform is compatible with XCritical CRM. Using both of these solutions simultaneously brokers can get the fastest, most efficient, and most streamlined business system currently available in the financial technology sector. Learn More User-friendly interface XCritical Affiliates Management System is designed to increase clients traffic and ultimately, revenue. This AMS was built to provide predictability of leads and sales, transparency of payouts as well as giving clients all the tools they’ll need to effectively market to their partners. All system tools are built into a simple, user-friendly interface, making for a painless integration with your existing workflows. Performance-Based Marketing XCritical AMS utilizes a fair and effective marketing model that rewards affiliates for each lead click and conversion generated from the affiliate’s marketing efforts, thereby reducing upfront marketing costs. Flexible Strategies XCritical AMS generates strategies according to your specific goals. You can choose rewards based on new leads, revenue shares and action conditions. Affiliates can generate their own traffic by taking advantage of XCritical landing pages and other marketing materials. Effective Analysis & Management XCritical AMS provides full control and access to customers’ information with just a few clicks. It analyzes results helping identify profits and losses and enabling you to make decisions based on previous performance. Learn More Fast and Secure The XCritical Crypto Exchange is a fast and secure platform that allows for transfer of a variety of most common Cryptocurrencies. With XCritical you can exchange funds at market price, set limit orders, perform deposits and withdrawals. Besides, you can generate multiple book orders from 30+ exchanges. Optimize Your Decision-Making The XCritical trading platform is a great tool for those new to crypto exchanges and trading. The software seamlessly connects you to 30+ popular exchanges with just one click. 100% Mobile Support In addition to our iOS/Android Mobile applications our Mobile Web application provides a great user experience from any device, with no limitations in functionality Various Execution Types Your users can perform crypto currency trades at current market rates, or set their own desired rates, limits, and issue stop orders. Learn More An infrastructure solution An infrastructure solution that provides the full lifecycle of the cryptocurrency flow from the receipt and identification of payments to withdrawal from the system. It allows you to quickly and securely transact within the crypto marketplace and fully control your funds. Now, a client with cryptocurrency will be able to become your client. Safety comes first The deployed expert system analyzes all activities in the system and identifies suspicious ones. In some cases, additional confirmation is requested from a trusted administrator. In other cases, transaction execution is interrupted, and the administrator is notified of a threat. Payment system integration Provides for the integration of a third-party payment system. There is no need to worry about UI or adoption. The system design makes this integration easy to implement, so the entire process can be accomplished in no time. Integration with CRM Reliable API system integration with CRM systems might interest CRM owners and developers. It provides for complete control of all customer aspects of managing customer data and relationships. Learn More 51,580 Hours of development 7 Data-processing centers 0,025 Sec/performance 385 Trading instruments Forex Crypto Branding Opportunities Using white label forex solutions gives the ability to gain visibility and promote your brand. Low Investment & Low Risk Requires minimal upfront costs, making it an ideal option for small businesses and startups. Compliance White label forex providers are subject to regulatory oversight, helping businesses adhere to the appropriate rules and regulations. Global Reach Allows businesses to access global markets easier. Expertise & Resources Using established expertise and resources, providing businesses access to experienced personnel and quality technology. Fast & Flexible Quick to set up, allowing businesses to get to market quickly. Competitive Edge White label provides businesses with a competitive edge in their respective markets. Cost Savings White label is cost-effective, which helps businesses save on both cost and time. Security White label solution is secure, helping businesses protect their client data. Scalability The flexibility to scale up or down as needed. Learn More Faster entry into the market Launch your branding almost immediately. Lower costs By utilizing a white-label cryptocurrency exchange, the cost of setting up the platform is significantly reduced. No need to build infrastructure Launch your exchange quickly without worrying about building the infrastructure from scratch. No liquidity issues The shared infrastructure of the larger service provider provides you with access to the market’s liquidity, meaning you don't have to deal with liquidity issues. Reliable providers solve it. Fewer resources required No worries about the complexity of developing the infrastructure from scratch; the launch is faster with fewer resources. Shared infrastructure of the larger service provider Utilizing the infrastructure of the larger service provider, you benefit from their expertise and experience in the market. Opportunity to build a recognizable brand You can use your branding to build a recognizable brand within the market. Learn More See our products in action We’d love to hear from you! Whether you’re curious about XCritical features or would like to see a demo — we are here to answer all your questions. Talk to an Expert API Terms of Service Terms of service Privacy Policy Contact Us Sitemap .com .in .ru sales@xcritical.com © 2025 XCritical