Xen Project - Open Source Virtualization Projects All projects Hypervisor Embedded & Automotive HVMI Mirage OS Unikraft Windows PV Drivers XAPI XCP-ng Contribute Get started Contribution guidelines Continuous Integration CI status dashboard Xen Project Code of Conduct Documentation Resources Use cases Xen Spring Meetup 2026 Academic Research Downloads Blog Matrix Past Events Join mailing lists About About Xen Project Xen Project members Become a member Governance Security policy Contact us A Linux Foundation Project Bring the power of open virtualization everywhere. The Xen Project team is a global open source community that develops the Xen
Project Hypervisor and its associated subprojects. Our mission is to advance
virtualization technology across a wide range of commercial and open-source
domains. Open-source Wide variety of vendors and individuals opens new opportunities for the hypervisor and provides end-users with numerous places to find support. Reliable Over 10 million people use Xen with an ecosystem of more than 2000 commercially certified partners. Flexible Architecture enables vendors to create Xen-based products and services for servers, cloud, desktop, embedded, and security-first environments. Support Hypervisor supports multiple guest operating systems and cloud platforms. Secure Minimal attack surface with key security features like KCONFIG and Virtual Machine Introspection. Modular Architecture enables a degree of scalability, robustness, and security suitable for large, critical, and extremely secure environments. A virtualization revolution The Xen Project focuses on revolutionizing virtualization by providing a versatile and powerful hypervisor that addresses the evolving needs of diverse industries : Empower Innovation: Tailored virtualization to drive progress across various domains. Enhance Cloud Ecosystems: Elevate cloud capabilities with high-performing, reliable virtualization. Secure Critical Systems: Safeguard data and applications through industry-leading security. Revolutionize Embedded Technologies: Transform embedded and automotive sectors with mature, safe, secure solutions. Embedded & Automotive Maturity, isolation, security features, real-time support, fault-tolerance, and a flexible architecture make the Xen Project Hypervisor a perfect match for embedded and automotive systems. Discover HVMI Explore Xen Project's Hypervisor Memory Introspection (HVMI). Learn how HVMI enhances security by providing real-time monitoring and protection for virtualized environments. Discover Hypervisor Discover Xen Hypervisor, the open-source virtualization platform. Discover Mirage OS MirageOS is a library operating system that constructs unikernels for secure, high-performance, low-energy footprint applications. Discover Unikraft Unikraft is an open-source project for building efficient, secure unikernels. It provides customizable libraries and tools to create lightweight, single-purpose operating systems. Discover Windows PV Drivers Windows PV Drivers enhance the performance and efficiency of Windows virtual machines. Access documentation and support for seamless integration. Discover XAPI The XAPI project is an enterprise-ready toolstack for use with the Xen Project hypervisor. Discover XCP-ng XCP-ng (Xen Cloud Platform – new generation) is a turnkey virtualization platform built on the Xen Project Hypervisor and using the Xen API (XAPI). It is typically managed with Xen Orchestra, an agentless, multi-cluster web interface that provides management, monitoring, and backup capabilities. Discover Discover all projects Latest news Read all news Governed by Xen project members Board members can propose and vote upon changes to the Xen Project.Members also gain valuable strategic insight into project plans and future scope. Join the advisory board Led by a dedicated community The Xen community is a dynamic and collaborative ecosystem comprised of developers, researchers, and enthusiasts dedicated to advancing open-source virtualization technology.
With diverse backgrounds and expertise, members actively contribute to Xen's evolution, fostering innovation, sharing knowledge, and supporting one another through continuous development efforts. Get started About Xen Project The mission of the Xen Project is to advance virtualisation technology across a wide range of commercial and open-source domains. Learn about Xen Project About Xen Project The mission of the Xen Project is to advance virtualization technology across a wide range of commercial and
open-source domains. A Linux Foundation Project The Linux Foundation provides a neutral, trusted hub for developers to code, manage, and scale open technology
projects. Visit the Linux Foundation Privacy Policy Terms of Use Projects All projects Hypervisor Embedded & Automotive HVMI Mirage OS Unikraft Windows PV Drivers XAPI XCP-ng Contribute Get started Contribution guidelines Continuous Integration CI status dashboard Xen Project Code of Conduct Documentation Resources Use cases Xen Spring Meetup 2026 Academic Research Downloads Blog Matrix Past Events Join mailing lists About About Xen Project Xen Project members Become a member Governance Security policy Contact us More Releases Xen Project branding xenproject.org © 2025 by Xen Project is licensed under CC BY 4.0