AI-Powered Retail Media Management Platform | Xnurta Stay 8 steps ahead with the leading Retail Media AI Elevate your retail media performance: create, manage, optimize, and report with Xnurta's 8 award-winning Al teammates, always on and ready to work. Meet Xnurta Stay 8 steps ahead with the leading Retail Media AI Elevate your retail media performance: create, manage, optimize, and report with Xnurta's 8 award-winning Al teammates, always on and ready to work Meet Xnurta + We're at unBoxed. Stop by Booth P3 to say hello, and check out our talks and events. See what we're up to Solutions Profiles Sellers Sell more, manage less Brands Unlock full-funnel growth Agencies Maximize client success Solutions Amazon Sponsored Ads Accelerate sales on Amazon Walmart Advertising Accelerate growth on Walmart Amazon DSP Amplify your reach and sales Omnichannel with Criteo Scale across retail networks Amazon Marketing Cloud Unlock insights with AMC Hub AI Reporting Agent Build reports in minutes Resources Resources Blog | AI AI insights for smarter ads Blog | Amazon Ads Grow your business on Amazon Media Xnurta in the News From unBoxed 2025 to Your 2026 Roadmap: What to Adopt to Stay Ahead Read the blog post Case Studies AI Tech Pricing Log in Book a Demo Start a free trial Log in Book a demo ch Solutions Profiles Sellers Sell more, manage less Brands Unlock full-funnel growth Agencies Maximize client success Solutions Amazon Sponsored Ads Accelerate sales on Amazon Walmart Advertising Accelerate growth on Walmart Amazon DSP Amplify your reach and sales Omnichannel with Criteo Scale across retail networks Amazon Marketing Cloud Unlock insights with AMC Hub AI Reporting Agent Build reports in minutes Resources Resources Blog | AI AI insights for smarter ads Blog | Amazon Ads Grow your business on Amazon Media Xnurta in the News From unBoxed 2025 to Your 2026 Roadmap: What to Adopt to Stay Ahead Read the blog post Case Studies AI Tech Pricing Log in Book a Demo Start a free trial Log in Book a demo ch Boost your ad performance with award-winning AI . See why thousands of brands and agencies manage their ads with Xnurta. Book a demo 2M+ Bidding decisions per day 50K+ Daily targeting decisions 4M+ ASINs advertised 23K+ Stores powered AI Copilot, your Always-On Optimizer Eight AI actions work 24/7 to optimize budgets, harvest keywords, perfect bids, and accelerate testing. Learn more Unlock insights with Amazon Marketing Cloud Easy drag & drop Turn AMC insights into strategy and audiences into campaigns in just a few clicks. Advanced models Illuminate the patterns that drive purchase decisions. Custom audiences Build powerful audiences from AMC data effortlessly. Precision targeting made accessible. No Code, Drag & Drop Increase the likelihood of conversions while maximizing your return on investment (ROI). Advanced Models Dive into sophisticated modeling and analytics that reveal deep insights into shopper behavior and advertising trends. Custom Audiences Customize your audiences with precision, using data-driven strategies to optimize every campaign for maximum impact. Learn more Optimize across the entire funnel Unite DSP, Sponsored Ads, and AMC through AI that maximizes impact from awareness to purchase. Learn more With Xnurta's AI You're in control Layer smart AI optimizations with rule-based automation. See exactly what changes and why. Book a demo Less time reporting More time growing Xnurta's AI Reporting Agent builds MBRs, QBRs, and more in minutes, reducing time spent generating reports by up to 90%. Learn more Trusted by leading brands ‍ What brands and sellers say about us Thanks to Xnurta, we're doing more with less. Their intuitive Smart Creation and AI Autopilot tools are unlike anything we've used before, effectively boosting our ad campaigns, streamlining our process, and helping us exceed our sales goals. Xnurta outperformed other tools we've tried. Their advanced technology has truly set a new standard for our team. Amber Liddell Partner, Sunnydaze Decor The features and data are quite comprehensive, with intuitive selection of different advertising data. Reporting updates are timely and the platform is reliable. Elaine Advertising Operations Manager It was a big challenge for us to attribute sales to brand marketing investment. AMC empowered cross-channel attribution in a very distinct way, helping us make more scientific decisions on brand promotion. In addition, AMC allowed us to gain valuable insights into our customers’ purchasing habits and to make more confident, insight-based media planning. Felix Fu Director, Orolay Xnurta has been a game-changer for Goal Zero. After struggling with previous agencies to achieve our target ROAS, Xnurta not only helped us reach it but surpassed expectations, elevating our TROAS by an impressive 80% from a monthly average below 5 to 9. Their pre-built AMC Hub models were instrumental in streamlining the analysis process. Jesse Nuttall Head of E-Commerce at Goal Zero Data visualization is very convenient, clearly displaying trends in advertising metrics and comparisons with historical data. In addition, the monthly updated AMC data is helpful for us to make strategic decisions. Sherry Director of E-commerce US We have been using Xnurta for almost a year, and it has been very helpful for us to observe and analyze the investment of advertising costs and to refine our data, resulting in significant savings in advertising expenses. Jimmy Director of E-commerce With the help of AMC Audiences, we can reach bulk-order buyers, stimulate repurchases, and enhance advertising efficiency further. We eagerly anticipate further applications of this feature to drive more growth and success at our company Founder Art Supply Brand The interface is beautifully designed, with intuitive data that allows us to view advertising spend and performance data of each strategy at any time. Echo Amazon Ads Marketing Manager It is very easy to see the changes in advertising data, right down to the ad type level. We can monitor changes in sales and order volume anytime and anywhere, and the charts are also very intuitive, which helps us with data analysis. Dongying Amazon Sales Manager Using Audience Segment Insights with Xnurta' guidance opened up new doors for us. We're uncovering valuable audiences that had previously been off our radar. It's not just about more reach, but smarter reach. This has reshaped how we view our advertising strategy, giving us more confidence for the future. Stella He Digital Sales Director, Jackery USA Maximize your Amazon Ads Book a demo and see how Xnurta can accelerate your sales. © 2025 Xnurta. All Rights Reserved. Privacy policy Usage policy Terms & conditions Solutions Amazon Sponsored Ads Amazon Marketing Cloud Amazon DSP Walmart Advertising Case Studies Brand Agency Seller blog AI News Amazon Ads Company Pricing Careers Contact us Get help Stay ahead of the curve Get the latest industry news, data-driven insights, and best practices for advertising – sent straight to your inbox. Email Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.