XO Communications: Networking Services & Solutions | Verizon XO Communications is now Verizon Overview Overview Products Support Legal & Privacy Verizon Enterprise Center Your future with Verizon Understand what’s next with your business account. The transition of selected XO Services to Verizon is complete. We have decommissioned the myXO portal and replaced it with the Verizon Enterprise Center (VEC). Business customers can manage payments, find invoices, and create repair or billing inquiries through the VEC portal. How to register If you do not have access to the Verizon Enterprise Center, register now using the invitation code and your new Verizon account number on your invoice. If you do not want to register, you can create a repair ticket or billing inquiry without a username and password from the VEC sign in page under "Quick tasks". You must use your new Verizon account information. Learn more about Verizon Now that you’re on the Verizon network, take advantage of some of our advanced capabilities to help you connect with customers and more easily grow your business: Virtual Network Services SD WAN 5G Solutions (as available) Internet of Things Security Services Verizon Enterprise Center Log in Register For Support call: (800) 421-3872 Quick links Wholesale Services (VPS) Public Sector Products The following XO products have been migrated to the Verizon billing and network management systems. In some cases, changes to these products will require a new Verizon service contract. Click an XO product link below to visit the Verizon-equivalent product page. Don’t see your XO product here? Explore solution reference guide . Network Services + Wide Area Networking Connect all your locations, privately and securely, with our Wide Area Networking solutions. Bandwidth on Demand MPLS IP-VPN VPLS Wireless Backup Internet Access Enjoy business class Internet access for you and your customers, delivered over our award-winning network. Dedicated Internet Access IP Transit Ethernet & Private Line Services Our broad portfolio of Ethernet and Private Line Services provides simple, cost-effective ways to connect business locations and deliver applications, data and information. Ethernet Hub Ethernet Private Line Wavelength Unified Communications and Voice + VoIP Enjoy manageable, reliable VoIP and data bundles that integrate your communications and provide exceptional scalability and reach. Verizon will continue to support your VoIP services. Check our Support section for VoIP guides and tutorials. XO Hosted PBX XO Enterprise SIP XO IP Flex Other Voice Services Verizon has the experience, network, customer support and systems to ensure that you have the best possible voice communications experience. Long Distance Toll Free Numbers Cloud and Managed Services + Managed Services From hosted solutions to powerful network management tools, Verizon offers flexible, cost-effective services to help you manage your business Managed Services Application Performance Management Understand how to identify your services. These XO services took on new names with the transition to  Verizon. Former XO service name New Verizon service name Ethernet Dedicated E-Line & Wavelength MPLS IP-VPN Private IP (PIP) Dedicated Internet Access Internet Dedicated XO IP Flex IP Flex XO Hosted PBX Hosted PBX XO Enterprise SIP Enterprise SIP Application Performance Management Application Assurance Managed Router (Managed Services) Managed WAN Private Line - TDM Transport Private Line TDM Ethernet Hub & End Link Switched E-Line & Dedicated E-Line IP VPN VPLS E-LAN Support We're here to help. If you're a business customer with a service that transitioned to Verizon, you can manage your service in the Verizon Enterprise Center (VEC) portal . (800) 421-3872 (Billing, Repair, Migration help) Need help with an XO service? (800) 421-3872 Were you an XO DNS customer? You can continue to manage your XO DNS service at dns.xo.com. Bookmark it now. Hosted PBX Support + A library of guides, tools, and video tutorials can help you get the most out of your HPBX service. Remember to bookmark these new portal links: Customer User Portal (end-user) https://portal.xo.bizcommservices.com/myphonenext Customer Admin Portal (admin) https://portal.xo.bizcommservices.com/control/main If you have questions about your Hosted PBX service, call  (800) 421-3872. Hosted PBX Support Library Hosted PBX Service & Features Set up,  Quick start quides, User guides Phones & Equipment Installation guides,  Video tutorials Apps & Portals Guides and tutorials for MySite for Administrators, MyPhone for end users, WorkTime View all Enterprise SIP and IP Flex Support + Enterprise SIP Quick Start Guide for Enterprise SIP Customers IP Flex, IP Flex with VPN and SIP Customers VoIP Quick Start Guide XO Business Center Online Feature Management Guides for Group Administrators Manage Location-Based Features Manage Individual Numbers Inbound Call Routing and Hunt Groups Auto Attendant Feature Automatic Call Routing Call Center Account Codes Nomadic E-911 Portal Dashboard Administrator Guide End - User Guide Contact Us + For all your support, billing, repair, and migration needs, call  (800) 421-3872. Legal and Privacy The following provisions apply to customers who purchase service(s) from XO Communications Services, LLC ("XO") via service order agreements, which may include but are not limited to, “Carrier Master Service Order Agreements”; “Wholesale Master Service Order Agreements”; or “Master Service Order Agreements,” each of which is governed by XO's online terms and conditions. Acceptable Use Privacy Notice Product Terms and Conditions XO Cloud Services Terms and Conditions Special notices Minnesota Customer Notice