Xoom Logo
Send Money
Reload Phones
Pay Bills
English
Help
Sign Up
Log In
Fast, secure money transfers
Send Money
Flexible and convenient options for your transfers
Transfer to bank accounts and debit cards
Transfer Money
Send to mobile wallets, UPI, and PIX
Send to Wallets
Send cash for pickup and delivery
Send Cash
Reload mobile phones
Reload Phones
Be there, even if you can’t be there.
Your transfers, our priority
Up front fees and rates

When sending money to friends and family, every cent counts. We’ll show you the exact fee and the amount they'll receive before you hit send. Fees and limitations apply.

See Fees
Send with confidence

Our security measures, including data encryption and 24/7 fraud monitoring, help safeguard your transactions and keep your full financial info secure every step of the way.

More on PayPal Security
Support when you need it

Count on our dedicated team. We have customer service centers across the globe with support in multiple languages.

Get Help
Trusted by millions

Since 2001, millions of customers have relied on Xoom to send money around the world.

Wherever life takes you, stay connected with the Xoom app.

Send money and track transactions at your fingertips. Get the app today!

Get it on Google Play
Download on the App Store
Help
About Us
Fee Calculator
Transfer Locations
Careers
Site Map
Security Center
Send Money Safely
Complaints (EU & EEA)
© 1999–2025
Privacy(USA)
Privacy
Cookies
Legal



* Transactions may be delayed or cancelled for compliance purposes and in accordance with the Xoom User Agreement. Service availability and fees vary by country, features selected and other factors. Individual and aggregate transaction limits may also apply. In addition to transaction fees, Xoom makes money when it changes your send currency into a different currency.

Funds will be delivered by the date listed on your transaction receipt and frequently within minutes. Funds delivery and your recipient's ability to receive funds may take longer than minutes due to factors such as good-funds availability, compliance and transaction reviews, systems availability, partner hours/time zones, and local holidays.

For residents of Australia, the Xoom service is provided by PayPal Australia Pty Limited (ABN 93 111 195 389) which holds Australian Financial Services License number 304962. Any information provided is general only and does not take into account your objectives, financial situation or needs. Please read and consider the Combined Financial Services Guide and Product Disclosure Statement before acquiring or using the service.

Copyright © 2025 PayPal. (NMLS ID #: 910457)

Trademarks and logos displayed are trademarks of their respective owners. No affiliation with or endorsement by Xoom should be implied.

If you accept cookies, we’ll use them to improve and customize your experience and enable our partners to show you personalized ads when you visit other sites. Manage cookies and learn more

Accept
Decline