XPO what is xpo why xpo xpo indexes trending indexes from index mangers blog team contact Sign up Sign in what is xpo why xpo xpo indexes trending indexes from index mangers blog team contact SIGN UP SIGN IN One step solution for all investment Your Gateway to FOREX, CFD and CRYPTOCURRENCY Mutual Index Funds! A smart platform for diversified, expert-managed investments in Forex, CFDs, and cryptocurrencies. Sign up Now How It Works Active Client 4,929,344 Total Funds Traded $4,444,275,895 Partners Earned $2,472,377,372 Our
Trading Partners Awards Our Awards Celebrating excellence and innovation, our awards showcase trust, dedication, and industry leadership. fxempire Best Customer Experience - 2022 Central European Startup Awards People's Choice Award - 2021 Central European Startup Awards Startup of the year award - 2020 Global Forex Awards Best Affiliate Program Global - 2019 Global Forex Awards Best Partnership Program Global - 2020 How it Works Start Smart, Invest Better! No trading experience? No problem. Our ready-made strategies align with your goals, minimize risks with Loss Protection, and offer a user-friendly interface. Easy Onboarding Register and verify in minutes. Smart Investments Fund your account and pick your index. Achieve More Grow your portfolio with confidence. Why to become a XenoPortfolian Singular focus on Asset Management We have no alternative business interests. This means that we are single-mindedly committed to do well for our investors and for ourselves. Our Index Fund Performance XPO provides a way to track the performance of the forex, CFD & crypto markets as a whole by holding a single index asset. Index funds have consistently beaten the average managed fund since their inception. Ease & Simplicity There are literally thousands of trading script for investors to choose from. Choice paralysis: choice adds cost, complexity and the need for advice. XPO eliminates this complexity for all kind of investors. Power of Ideas We believe in the power of ideas over a top-down investing approach or philosophy. We seek out and embrace diverse thinking and ideas to create the best outcomes for our clients and their differing needs. Managing with Trust This is why we’re trusted to manage $1.3 trillion of assets*, giving our clients the confidence of working with a partner with size, scale and stability, who takes the utmost pride in their duty of care. Index Discover Our Indexes Access expertly curated indexes designed to simplify your investments. From Forex to Crypto and CFDs, diversify your portfolio with ease! Power of XPO Crypto Index Strategists Discover the best performing Crypto Strategies from all XPO Strategists. Alpha Union @ALUN 3.47% Weekly Growth Cloud Trader @CLDT 4.47% Weekly Growth Zhangdang @ZHND 2.97% Weekly Growth Super Crypto @SUCP 3.31% Weekly Growth Power of XPO Forex and CFD Strategists Discover the best performing Forex and CFD Strategies from all XPO Strategists. Dimond FX Index @DIMX 2.8% Weekly Growth Moscow Mule @MSMU 4.72% Weekly Growth BYK Capital @BCAP 3.99% Weekly Growth Halloween Trade @HATRD 4.85% Weekly Growth About XPO Driving Innovation in Investment Management Since 2016 Founded in 2016 and with offices across the globe, XPO endeavors to deliver innovative solutions to the investment management community at large. These range from spot to derivative trading solutions through index services and technology products. XPO expertise and technological prowess enable us to bring disruptive best-in-class solutions to the financial market. Download XPO Profile Download Investment Opportunity Explore Trending Index Explore the indices currently driving market action, highlighting the top performers and key trends shaping the investment landscape. Index Name Index Manager Top Assets Weekly Change Monthly Change Funds Trading Crypto Notebook CRYNO Anisa Zolova TRX Major VET BTS DOT XMR GO TT 4.03% 2.99% $ 12625032.11 Profit Magnet PRMG Alevtina Pavlova Global Indices BNB XRP TRX BTC DOT DOGE VET 3.3% 3.62% $ 11727528.42 Metropolis FX METFX Larisa Sokolov Minor Major Global Indices Metal NEO VET TRX ADA 4.25% 3.46% $ 10423233.59 Future Chain Index FUCHI Anna Zotova BTC XLM XRP BNB EOS ETH DOGE XMR 3.35% 5.54% $ 29922825.36 Backyard Trade BACKT Guzel Seleznyov DASH Major XTZ Global Indices WAVES ZEC TRX Minor 2.3% 5% $ 4812452.13 Profit Folio PRFO Moses Bykova Major Global Indices Minor Metal Exotic DOGE VET BTC 4.09% 3.23% $ 8751612.16 Index Unicorn UNICR Plato Mordvinova ETH DASH WAVES SOL BTC Metal Major XLM 3.75% 5.36% $ 10723045.65 Dinaro Club DICL Proclus Sergeyeva Metal Energy Major BTC ETC ETH XRP XEM 3.4% 3.29% $ 10266355.62 Hunting Machine HUNM Nikita Maslov Major Minor BTC BNB LTC ETH XRP 3.21% 2.92% $ 10722727.24 Deriva Forex Index DFOIN Vladlen Maslov Major Exotic Metal Minor SOL XLM DASH EOS 4.84% 3.29% $ 13719836.36 Expert View Posts from Index Managers Stay updated with expert analysis, key index movements, and trading strategies from our Index Manager. 12-10-2025 AetherIQ Arbitrage Index AETHOS Read More Bitcoin extends decline to $104,782 as Trump escalates US-China trade war × Bitcoin , the world’s largest cryptocurrency by market value, extended declines on Friday after U.S. President Donald Trump escalated his trade conflict with China. Trump on Friday said he was raising tariffs on Chinese exports to the U.S. to 100% and imposing export controls on "any and all critical software" in a reprisal to recently announced export limits by China on rare earth minerals critical to tech and other manufacturing. The spat shook global financial markets, sending the benchmark S&P 500 Index sliding by more than 2%. 13-09-2025 Velocity Arbitrage FX Index Zaid Hakimi Read More US calls on G7, EU to impose tariffs on China, India over Russian oil purchases × Group of Seven nations’ finance ministers discussed in a call on Friday further sanctions on Russia and possible tariffs on countries that they consider "enabling" its war in Ukraine, as the U.S. called on its allies to impose tariffs on purchasers of Russian oil . Canadian Finance Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne chaired the G7 meeting, which was held to discuss further measures to increase pressure on Russia to end its war against Ukraine, according to a statement from Canada, the head of the rolling G7 presidency. The ministers agreed to speed up discussions to use frozen Russian assets to fund Ukraine’s defense, and discussed a "wide range of possible economic measures to increase pressure on Russia, including further sanctions and trade measures, such as tariffs, on those enabling Russia’s war effort," the statement said. U.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent told finance ministers during the call that they should join the U.S. in imposing tariffs on countries that purchase oil from Russia, Bessent and U.S. Trade Representative Jamieson Greer said in a separate statement following the meeting. "Only with a unified effort that cuts off the revenues funding Putin’s war machine at the source will we be able to apply sufficient economic pressure to end the senseless killing," Bessent and Greer said. Bessent and Greer welcomed commitments made during the call to increase sanctions pressure and explore using immobilized Russian sovereign assets to benefit Ukraine’s defense, according to the joint statement. Earlier in the day, a U.S. Treasury spokesperson called on G7 and European Union allies to impose "meaningful tariffs" on goods from China and India to pressure them to halt their purchases of Russian oil. President Donald Trump has imposed an extra 25% tariff on imports from India to pressure New Delhi to halt its purchases of discounted Russian crude oil, bringing total punitive duties on Indian goods to 50% and souring trade negotiations between the two democracies. But Trump has refrained from imposing additional tariffs on Chinese imports over China’s purchases of Russian oil, as his administration navigates a delicate trade truce with Beijing. Bessent is due to travel to Madrid on Friday for another round of talks with his Chinese counterpart, Vice Premier He Lifeng, that will cover trade issues, Washington’s demands for Chinese-owned TikTok to divest its U.S. operations, and anti-money laundering issues. Trump earlier on Friday said that his patience with Russian President Vladimir Putin was running out, but stopped short of threatening new sanctions during a Fox News interview. 17-07-2025 Super Crypto 2.0 Samuel Nikitina Read More Bitcoin price today: steady near $118.5k before US House vote on crypto bills × Bitcoin was largely steady on Thursday as the U.S. House of Representatives cleared a key procedural hurdle to open debate on a suite of crypto bills, after a nine-hour deadlock. The world’s largest cryptocurrency last traded 0.2% higher at $118,747.5 as of 02:25 ET (06:25 GMT). The token had surged to record highs above $123,000 at the start of the week. However, increased profit taking at record levels and concerns around U.S. trade tariffs led to a pullback below $116,000. US crypto bills clear procedural vote The House late Wednesday narrowly approved a motion to begin formal debate on a package of digital asset legislation, including the GENIUS Act, which sets a federal framework for stablecoins. The vote passed 217 to 212 after hours of internal negotiations among Republicans, who were divided on whether to advance the bills individually or as a group. The development marked the first breakthrough in what lawmakers have dubbed "Crypto Week," a coordinated push to establish regulatory clarity for the digital asset sector. Additional bills under discussion include the CLARITY Act, which would define whether tokens fall under securities or commodities rules, and the Anti-CBDC Surveillance State Act, aimed at preventing the Federal Reserve from issuing a central bank digital currency. The procedural vote had originally stalled on Tuesday over internal Republican disagreements, but gained momentum after intervention from President Trump and Speaker Johnson However, the slender margin on the procedural vote and lingering uncertainty over final passage have capped momentum, keeping Bitcoin in a narrow trading band. Traders are now awaiting the House’s floor votes on the individual bills, expected later this week, which could determine whether the token could rally again as seen last week. Crypto price today: altcoins jump; XRP, Ether top gainer Most altcoins rose sharply on Thursday amid broader optimism about “crypto week”. World no.2 crypto Ethereum jumped 6.5% to $3,368.36, its highest level in over five months. World no. 3 crypto XRP surged 7.5% to $3.15. Solana gained 4.6%, and Cardano added 3.1%, while Polygon fell 1%. Among meme tokens, Dogecoin rose 6%, while $TRUMP gained 3%. 17-07-2025 XPO Arbitrage Pulse Jonathan Reeves Read More XRP Climbs 10% In Rally × XRP was trading at $3.2565 by 05:04 (09:04 GMT) on the Investing.com Index on Thursday, up 10.33% on the day. It was the largest one-day percentage gain since April 9. The move upwards pushed XRP’s market cap up to $190.0228B, or 4.99% of the total cryptocurrency market cap. At its highest, XRP’s market cap was $190.3902B. XRP had traded in a range of $2.9929 to $3.2565 in the previous twenty-four hours. Over the past seven days, XRP has seen a rise in value, as it gained 31.16%. The volume of XRP traded in the twenty-four hours to time of writing was $11.6199B or 5.55% of the total volume of all cryptocurrencies. It has traded in a range of $2.5139 to $3.2565 in the past 7 days. At its current price, XRP is still down 4.09% from its all-time high of $3.40 set on January 16. Elsewhere in cryptocurrency trading Bitcoin was last at $118,415.2 on the Investing.com Index, down 0.64% on the day. Ethereum was trading at $3,449.50 on the Investing.com Index, a gain of 9.12%. Bitcoin’s market cap was last at $2,353.1231B or 61.74% of the total cryptocurrency market cap, while Ethereum’s market cap totaled $415.5509B or 10.90% of the total cryptocurrency market value. 09-05-2025 Gold Horn Venture 2.0 Arseny Glazkov Read More Gold prices rebound slightly as markets eye U.S.-China trade talks after U.K. deal × Gold prices rose in Asian trade on Friday, rebounding slightly from two days of sharp losses, as investors weighed the impact of the U.S.-U.K. trade deal and cautiously awaited upcoming China trade talks. Gold fell in early Asia hours, but reversed course to edge higher, as analysts were sceptical about further de-escalation post the U.K. trade deal. As of 01:44 ET (05:44 GMT), spot gold rose 0.4% to $3,320.95 per ounce, while gold futures expiring in June gained 0.5% to $3,329.24 an ounce. The yellow metal was set to jump more than 2% this week, as investors saw increased violatlity, with prices gaining sharply at the start of the week on new U.S. tariff threats on pharma and foreign-made movies. Trump signs U.K. trade framework deal; signals negotiations with China President Donald Trump on Thursday signed a framework for a trade deal with the United Kingdom, under which the 10% tariff imposed on goods imported from the U.K. remains in place, while the UK agreed to lower its tariffs to 1.8% from 5.1%. Trump also said he expects substantive negotiations between the U.S. and China. Officials from both counties were set to meet over the weekend for trade talks. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick said in media interviews that the U.S. plans dozens of trade deals soon but will likely keep a universal 10% tariff. Gold, which usually gains in times of uncertainty, fell earlier due to signs of easing trade tensions, but was supported by prevailing caution ahead of U.S.-China talks. Analysts at ING said they were sceptical that the UK’s deal would herald a much broader easing in trade tensions. “A de-escalation with China is realistically the only thing that can meaningfully move the dial on the tariff hit,” they added. The U.S. dollar index was slightly weaker in Asian trading on Friday, making gold cheaper for foreign buyers. Among other precious metals, Silver Futures were muted at $32.653 an ounce, while platinum futures rose 0.5% to $986.55 an ounce. Copper prices drop despite resilient China trade data Copper prices fell slightly on Friday as investors were cautious about the outcome of trade talks with Beijing. Traders also assessed data, showing a slightly lower than expected Chinese trade balance , but both exports and imports remained resilient despite tariff headwinds. Benchmark copper futures on the London Metal Exchange fell 0.4% to $9,395.20 a ton, while copper futures expiring in July dropped 1.4% to $4.540 a pound. 09-05-2025 Profit Folio 2.0 Moses Bykova Read More Oil prices gain ahead of Sino-US trade talks × Oil prices were up on Friday, after rising about 3% in the previous session, as trade tensions between top oil consumers U.S. and China showed signs of easing and Britain announced a "breakthrough" trade deal with the United States. Brent crude rose 43 cents, or 0.68%, to $63.27 a barrel while U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude was up 42 cents, or 0.7%, at $60.33 a barrel as at 0731 GMT. On Thursday, both contracts settled nearly 3% up. U.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent will meet China’s top economic official Vice Premier He Lifeng in Switzerland on May 10 to work toward resolving trade disputes that have threatened growth in the consumption of crude oil . "If the two set a date to start formal trade negotiations and agree to ratchet down their current steep tariffs against each other while talks carry on, markets will get a breather and crude could stack on another $2-$3 per barrel," said Vandana Hari, founder of oil market analysis provider Vanda (NASDAQ: VNDA ) Insights. China’s exports rose faster than expected in April, while imports narrowed their declines, customs data showed on Friday, giving Beijing some relief ahead of ice-breaker tariff talks. The country’s crude oil imports in April dipped from the previous month but were up 7.5% year-on-year, driven by a surge in sanctioned shipments and stockpiling by state refiners during maintenance outages. [TRADE/CN] Separately, U.S. President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Keir Starmer announced Britain had agreed to lower tariffs on U.S. imports to 1.8% from 5.1%. The U.S. cut duties on British cars but left a 10% tariff on most other goods. "Any more U.S. trade deals, after the one with the UK, with other major trading partners would have only a marginal impact on oil sentiment," Hari added. Elsewhere, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and allies - or OPEC+ - plan to increase output which could keep pressure on oil prices. A Reuters survey found OPEC oil output edged lower in April as production declines in Libya, Venezuela and Iraq outweighed a scheduled increase in output. Tighter U.S. sanctions on Iran could restrict supply and push prices higher. Sanctions on two small Chinese refiners for buying Iranian oil made it difficult for them to receive crude and led them to sell their product under alternative names, sources told Reuters on Thursday. In the meantime, Pakistan’s armed forces launched "multiple attacks" along India’s entire western border on Thursday night and early Friday, the Indian army said, as conflict between the nuclear-armed neighbours intensified. Rystad Energy analysts expected both countries to increase crude procurement and refinery activity amid mounting tensions. "Diesel demand is likely to rise amid increased military mobilization, while airline fuel consumption declines as airspace closures lead to rerouted flights, cancellations and soaring airline ticket prices," Rystad’s Rohan Goindi said in a note. In terms of daily crude demand, India consumes 5.4 million barrels per day (bpd), compared to Pakistan’s 0.25 million bpd, according to Rystad Energy estimates. 02-05-2025 Alpha Union Arkady Kovalev Read More Trump’s stablecoin chosen for $2 billion Abu Dhabi investment in Binance, co-founder says × A stablecoin launched by Donald Trump’s World Liberty Financial crypto venture is being used by an Abu Dhabi investment firm for its $2 billion investment in crypto exchange Binance, one of World Liberty’s co-founders said on Thursday. It’s the latest in a series of Trump family crypto-related ventures, including a "meme coin" launched in January, that have drawn criticism from government ethics experts and political opponents over potential conflicts of interest. World Liberty, which aims to allow people to access financial services without intermediaries like banks, said in March it would launch USD1, a dollar-pegged stablecoin backed by U.S. Treasuries, dollars and other cash equivalents. Speaking at a crypto conference in Dubai, Zach Witkoff, a co-founder of World Liberty, said USD1 would be used to close the $2 billion investment by Abu Dhabi-based MGX into Binance, the world’s biggest crypto exchange. "We are excited to announce today that USD1 has been selected as the official stablecoin to close MGX’s $2 billion investment in Binance," said Witkoff, who is a son of Trump’s special envoy to the Middle East, Steve Witkoff. Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren sharply criticized the venture and pending U.S. legislation on stablecoins before the Republican-controlled Senate. A fund "backed by a foreign government just announced it will make a $2 billion deal using Donald Trump’s stablecoins," said Warren, a member of the U.S. Senate Banking Committee. "Meanwhile, the Senate is gearing up to pass the ’GENIUS’ Act - stablecoin legislation that will make it easier for the President and his family to line their own pockets. This is corruption and no senator should support it.” The White House and World Liberty Financial did not respond immediately to requests for comment. The use of USD1 in the deal highlights World Liberty’s growing clout in the global crypto industry, and its ties to Binance. USD1 is issued on Binance’s blockchain. Stablecoins are an increasingly lucrative cog in global crypto trading. Their issuers typically profit by earning interest from the Treasuries and other assets that underpin them. The value of USD1 in circulation reached about $2.1 billion on Wednesday, according to CoinMarketCap data, making it one of the fastest-growing stablecoins. The identity of its major holders, however, remains unclear. An anonymous cryptocurrency wallet that holds $2 billion worth of USD1 received the funds between April 16 and 29, according to data from crypto research firm Arkham. Reuters could not ascertain the owner of this wallet. Binance founder and former CEO Changpeng Zhao, who was incarcerated in the United States last year after pleading guilty to violating U.S. laws against money laundering, met Zach Witkoff and two other World Liberty co-founders in Abu Dhabi, according to a photo posted on social media site X on Sunday. "It was great to see our friends," in Abu Dhabi, posted Zhao in response to the photo, tagging Witkoff. Zhao, who in 2023 stepped down from his role at Binance as part of a $4.3 billion settlement with the U.S. over the illicit finance charges, remains a major shareholder of Binance. TRON INTEGRATION Separately, Zach Witkoff announced that USD1 would be integrated into Tron, the blockchain of Hong Kong-based crypto entrepreneur Justin Sun. Sun is the biggest known investor in World Liberty and an adviser to the venture, according to his social media posts, having poured at least $75 million into the project. Sun was fighting a U.S. securities fraud lawsuit at the time of his first investment in World Liberty. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in February paused its case against him, citing public interest. Sun moderated the panel on which Witkoff spoke on Thursday, with Trump’s son Eric Trump also on stage. The U.S. president, who campaigned on promises to be a "crypto president," has pledged to overhaul federal rules on crypto. Trump handed over management of his assets to his children before returning to the White House and he will have no role in day-to-day decision-making, his company has said. 02-05-2025 Sunrise capital 2.0 Zemfira Zaitseva Read More Gold prices set for weekly drop on US-China trade talk hopes; payrolls data on tap × Gold prices rose in Asian trading on Friday as the dollar dipped ahead of U.S. payrolls data, although gains were limited as China signaled potential trade talks with President Donald Trump’s administration. The yellow metal suffered consecutive sharp declines in the last three days amid signs of easing trade tensions, poising it to fall 2% for the week. As of 01:53 ET (06:53 GMT), Spot Gold rose 0.5% to $3,255.95 per ounce, while Gold Futures expiring in June gained 1.2% to $3,232.24 an ounce. Gold set for weekly loss amid easing trade tensions China on Friday said it was evaluating the possibility of trade talks with the U.S., stating that any dialogue must be based on sincerity and the removal of unilateral tariffs. China added that if the U.S. wanted to talk, it must show sincerity and cancel the unilateral tariffs. The Trump administration has also reached out to China to initiate trade talks, a Chinese state-affiliated media outlet reported a day earlier. The sentiment around the trade war had been improving this week, helped by U.S. President Donald Trump signing two orders on Tuesday to ease the impact of auto tariffs. This led to increased risk appetite and reduced demand for safe-haven assets like bullion. Gold prices declined for the week after recently scaling record highs amid escalated global uncertainties. US dollar dips ahead of payrolls data The US Dollar Index edged 0.2% lower in Asian trading on Friday, making gold cheaper for foreign buyers. Among other precious metals, Silver Futures rose 1.4% to $32.625 an ounce, while Platinum Futures climbed 0.9% to $982.35 an ounce. Investors now await the monthly U.S. non-farm payrolls report due later on Friday, to gauge the Federal Reserve’s rate outlook. Gross domestic product data released earlier this week showed the U.S. economy unexpectedly contracted in the first quarter. Copper jumps on China trade talk hopes Copper prices rose sharply on Friday on optimism around easing trade tensions for China, the world’s largest importer of the red metal. Benchmark Copper Futures on the London Metal Exchange jumped 1.9% to $9,379.35 a ton, while Copper Futures expiring in July rose 1.1% to $4.6843 a pound. 02-05-2025 Gold Horn Venture 2.0 Arseny Glazkov Read More Oil falls as traders weigh potential US-China trade talks × Oil prices fell on Friday as traders squared positions ahead of an OPEC+ meeting and amid some scepticism about a potential de-escalation of the trade dispute between China and the United States. Brent crude futures were down 42 cents, or 0.7%, to $61.71 a barrel at 0922 GMT, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures fell 46 cents, or 0.8%, to $58.78 a barrel. For the week, Brent and WTI were on track for a 7% drop, the biggest weekly declines in a month. China’s Commerce Ministry said on Friday that Beijing was "evaluating" a proposal from Washington to hold talks aimed at addressing U.S. President Donald Trump’s sweeping tariffs, signalling a possible easing of the trade tensions that have rattled global markets. "There is some optimism when it comes to U.S.-China relations but the signs are only very tentative," said Harry Tchilinguirian, group head of research at Onyx Capital Group. "It’s still very fluid, a one step forward, two steps back situation when it comes to tariffs." Concerns that the broader trade war could push the global economy into a recession and crimp oil demand, just as the OPEC+ group is preparing to raise output, have weighed heavily on oil prices in recent weeks. Complicating any talks was a threat from Trump to impose secondary sanctions on buyers of Iranian oil. China is the world’s largest importer of Iran’s crude. Trump’s comments followed a postponement of U.S. talks with Iran over its nuclear programme. He had previously restored a "maximum pressure" campaign against Iran, which included efforts to drive the country’s oil exports to zero to help prevent Tehran from developing a nuclear weapon. Oil prices gained late in Thursday’s session to settle nearly 2% higher on Trump’s remarks, erasing some of the losses recorded earlier in the week on expectations of more OPEC+ supply coming to the market. Several OPEC+ members are set to suggest the group accelerates output hikes in June for a second consecutive month, Reuters previously reported. Eight OPEC+ countries will meet on May 5 to decide a June output plan. Reuters on Wednesday reported that Saudi Arabia, de facto leader of OPEC+, had briefed allies and industry experts that it was unwilling to prop up oil prices with further supply cuts. "With non-OPEC+ supply rising robustly and global demand growth facing structural decline, we see no natural re-entry point for these barrels and, ultimately, the group will likely have to endure some price pain no matter when it unwinds its cuts," Fitch’s BMI research unit said in a note. 02-05-2025 XPO Arbitrage 50 Orla Steenbakkers Read More Critical Bitcoin (BTC) Move Incoming, XRP’s Volatility Explosion Coming, Is Ethereum’s (ETH) Recovery Real Right Now? × U.Today - As it trades just above $96,000, up 2.14% on the day, Bitcoin is getting close to a turning point. It is currently in a technical vacuum following a robust recovery in late April; neither significant resistance nor obvious support is located right above it or below. A significant volatility spike that determines the market’s course for weeks or even months frequently precedes this kind of price structure. If momentum returns, Bitcoin has the potential to soar higher because there are not any nearby resistance zones. However, the opposite is also true: the asset is extremely susceptible to steep declines in the event that bulls lose control because there is not an immediate support buffer until approximately $89,000. With the RSI at 68, which is getting close to the overbought threshold, momentum is still strong but may be peaking. But the volume remains low, which is a warning sign. In the absence of increased participation, this breakout could turn into a bull trap. The course of the subsequent volatility spike will determine everything that happens next. A new leg up that might target the psychological $100,000 level and beyond could be started by a clean break above $97,000 with high volume. Alternatively, a collapse below the $93,000-$92,000 range would probably lead to $89,000 or even lower, indicating the end of this rally and possibly igniting a general market correction. Bitcoin is perched on the edge of a tight market. Since no safety net is in sight, the next big move — up or down — will not merely be another leg; rather, it will determine the framework for the cycle’s subsequent phase. Hold on tight because this level of calm is short-lived. XRP is ready As it tests the upper limit of a descending channel that has characterized its price action since January 2025, XRP is poised for a significant move. Just below the $2.40 resistance, a crucial level that, if broken, could lead to a volatility breakout, the asset is currently trading at about $2.37, up 2.12% for the day. With declining volume suggesting that a breakout — or breakdown — is imminent, the chart clearly shows that XRP is compressing toward the tip of a wedge following months of lower highs and lower lows. The fact that XRP has surpassed all three major moving averages, the 50, 100 and 200 EMA, and that they are now converging around the $2.20 region, is encouraging for bulls. This confluence serves as a dynamic floor of support. Because the asset is not yet overbought, the RSI remains neutral at 55, providing it with room to rise sharply. The volume is still low, but given how swiftly XRP moves when sentiment changes, any increase in buying interest around $2.40 could spark a quick rally to the $2.80-$3.00 region. Technically speaking, XRP is acting in a positive way. It made a clean recovery from the April bottom of the wedge and is now marking higher lows, which suggests that buyers are intervening more forcefully. The consolidation that is occurring close to the top of the descending channel is an indication of increasing pressure, not weakness. Ethereum eyes recovery With its strong 3.14% daily gain, Ethereum has pushed to $1,850, igniting cautious optimism about a wider recovery. This rally might not be as strong as it first appears, at least not yet, according to a closer examination of the market environment and chart structure. As of right now, ETH is trading just above its 50-day EMA, which it recently flipped into support. Generally speaking a sustained breakout above this level is a bullish indication, particularly when combined with price consolidation close to the top. The 100 EMA, which is at $2,148, and the 200 EMA, which is at $2,469, represent the next important test. These moving averages could confirm a reversal and restore medium-term bullish momentum if they break cleanly. The problem is that the volume is not very impressive. Although Ethereum’s price is rising, the stability of this trend is undermined by the lack of robust buying activity. Significant ETH reversals in the past have been marked by spikes in volume and volatility, neither of which is present at the moment. This means that if the mood of the market changes or if Bitcoin begins to correct, the current move could be quickly reversed. The RSI, which is at 59, indicates that ETH has some leeway before hitting overbought levels, but it might not mean much if volume does not increase. Although it is speculative at best without confirmation, this could be seen as quiet accumulation. Overall, the recovery is brittle even though Ethereum is displaying early indications of strength. With increasing volume and volatility, ETH must decisively break through the 100 EMA for the market to fully embrace a bullish narrative. Until then, it would be more accurate to consider this move a cautious bounce rather than a complete trend reversal. Keep a close eye on the $2,150 zone; it will determine ETH’s short-term destiny. 19-04-2025 Dimond FX Index Ludmila Gorbunov Read More Russian rouble strengthens past 81 vs U.S. dollar, up 40% since start of 2025 × MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian rouble strengthened past 81 to the U.S. dollar, supported by rising oil prices, reaching its highest level since June 28, 2024. At 0900 GMT the rouble was up 1.5% 80.90 to the U.S. currency in thin trade ahead of the Orthodox Easter holiday. The price for oil, Russia’s main commodity, rose by 3% on April 17. The Russian currency is up by over 40% against the dollar since the start of the year, mainly on expectation of easing of tensions between Russia and the United States. The rouble has ignored the statement by U.S. Secretary of State Marco Rubio, that President Donald Trump will walk away from trying to broker a Russia-Ukraine peace deal within days unless there are clear signs that a deal can be done. Against the Chinese yuan , which is used by Russia’s central bank for its foreign exchange interventions and is currently the most traded foreign currency in Russia, the rouble was up 0.1% to 11.08 on the Moscow Stock Exchange. Which stock should you buy in your very next trade? With valuations skyrocketing in 2024, many investors are uneasy putting more money into stocks. Unsure where to invest next? Get access to our proven portfolios and discover high-potential opportunities. In 2024 alone, ProPicks AI identified 2 stocks that surged over 150%, 4 additional stocks that leaped over 30%, and 3 more that climbed over 25%. That's an impressive track record. With portfolios tailored for Dow stocks, S&P stocks, Tech stocks, and Mid Cap stocks, you can explore various wealth-building strategies. 19-04-2025 Alpha Union Arkady Kovalev Read More Bitcoin (BTC) Holders Still in Profit, Despite Short-Term Losses × U.Today - As Bitcoin continues to trade sideways below the $85,000 mark as of April 18, the latest data from on-chain analytics firm Glassnode shows the asset recording significant unrealized losses for short-term holders. While these short-term holders remain underwater with substantial unrealized losses, the data also indicates that long-term holders are still broadly in profit. However, mounting unrealized losses are putting even these seasoned holders at risk of losing their gains. Unrealized losses represent the total amount of losses held across all Bitcoin in circulation, calculated from the difference between the average acquisition cost and the current market value. Bear market already? As the crypto market moves with caution amid debates about the sustainability of the recent bull run, the rise in unrealized loss per percent drawdown has captured the attention of both retail and institutional investors. According to the data, repeated price corrections across the broader crypto market have not yet signaled sustainable bullish momentum. Meanwhile, Bitcoin appears to be following a historical bearish pattern observed in previous cycles. Glassnode revealed that the unrealized losses faced by short-term holders are a direct response to the recent market dips. Although these corrections are not as sharp as those in earlier cycles that triggered full-blown bear markets, the resemblance in pattern has sparked speculation that a bearish phase may already be underway. For long-term holders, the data painted a mixed picture. While they remain largely in profit, they are now vulnerable to absorbing losses if downward momentum persists. Notably, the increasing number of top Bitcoin buyers maturing into long-term holders could help the market withstand deeper drawdowns. Although this key metric has historically aligned with bear market confirmations, it alone does not officially define one. Despite these bearish indicators, Bitcoin whales and major investment firms have not slowed down in their accumulation efforts. Access XPO Anytime, Anywhere Stay connected and manage your investments on the go with our intuitive mobile app, available on Android. Experience seamless trading, real-time updates, and full control at your fingertips. Our Team Our Index Managers The XPO Team combines a passion for esports, industry experise & proven record in finance, development, marketing & licensing. Vladlen Maslov Deriva Forex Index Nikita Pirogov Halloween Trade Alevtina Pavlova Profit Magnet Ludmila Gorbunov Dimond FX Index Guzel Seleznyov Backyard Trade Plato Mordvinova Index Unicorn Proclus Sergeyeva Dinaro Club Moses Bykova Profit Folio 2.0 Arkady Kovalev Alpha Union Novel Seleznyova City Light index Zemfira Zaitseva Sunrise Capital Melania Nevzorov My Growth Index Blog Our Blog XPO will be based on extensive market research of Cryptocurrencies, its compatibility with third-party services wallets, exchanges etc, and performance over the years. 15 Dec 2024 The Role of Cryptocurrency... In recent years, cryptocurrencies have transcended their initial hype as speculative assets and begun to make. Read More 26 Nov 2024 The Future of Bitcoin... Since its inception in 2009, Bitcoin has captured the imagination of technologists, economists, and investors. Read More 12 Sep 2024 Real Stories of People... The world of cryptocurrency is filled with tales of meteoric rises and jaw-dropping fortunes. For some, the crypto . . . Read More View all blogs Contacts Stay Update With Us hello@xpo.ru SUBMIT MESSAGE XPO.ru is a Global-based investment platform offering trading in forex, cryptocurrencies, CFDs, and indices. It provides diverse investment opportunities across global markets. Important Links Terms of Service Violations and legal issues ICANN Registrant Rights and Responsibilities GDPR Compliance and Cookie Policy General Terms of Service Subsidiary Agreement Website Terms of Use Enrolment Agreement Privacy Policy Security Policy Email Policy Team Blog Website Links What is XPO Why XPO XPO Indexes Trending Indexes From Index Mangers Rewards and Recognition Contact Copyright © 2016-2024, Xeno Portfolio OOO All services and products accessible through the site www.xpo.ru are provided by Xeno Portfolio LLC with a registered address at Dmitrovskoe sh., 100, s2 Moscow, Russia, 127247. Xeno Portfolio Ltd, registered by the Financial Services Commission (FSC) under the Business Companies Act, 2004 (Company number 2129747 ) in BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS as a BVI BUSINESS COMPANY Xeno Portfolio LLC, registered by the Financial Services Commission (FSC) under section 22 of the Limited Liability Companies Act (No. 29 of 2023) (REGISTRATION NO.: FSC/200/LLC 2298/24 ) in BELIZE Xeno Portfolio LTD, registered by the MWALI INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AUTHORITY under the INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS COMPANIES ACT 2014 and BROKERAGE ACT 2013 with Company Registered No.: HA00324749 and Company License No.: BFX2024055 and registered address is Bonovo Road – Fomboni, Island of Mohéli – Comoros Union Xeno Portfolio LTD. does not offer financial services to residents of certain jurisdictions, including, but not limited to: Cuba, North Korea, Syria, Sudan, Zimbabwe, Israel, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Myanmar, Libya, Mali, Nicaragua, Central African Republic X The argument in placerat vitae lacus ut scelerisque. Fusce luctus odio ac nibh luctus, in porttitor theo lacus egestas etiusto odio data center. 13/A Tropical center Rs london WC1B 4EA +8 91230 456 788 Open Hours Mon-Sat: 8 am-5 pm Sunday Closed The Long-Awaited XPO Arbitrage 50 (XA50) is Now Live! X Global arbitrage. Market neutral. Opportunity rich. The long-awaited XPO Arbitrage 50 (XA50) is finally live! This powerful new index lets traders explore and trade a wide range of carefully curated indices directly within the XPO platform. With real-time performance tracking, seamless integration, and a user-friendly interface, the XA50 index offers a smarter way to engage with the markets. Whether you're looking to diversify your strategies or track specific sectors, the XPO Arbitrage 50 (XA50) delivers the insights and control you need — all in one place. Know Now XCAI Is Live – The Future of Crypto Arbitrage! X Trade smarter with AI. Zero risk. Real-time gains. The all-new XPO Crypto Arbitrage Index (XCAI) is now live! Powered by AI and built for market-neutral strategies, XCAI helps you capture real-time opportunities across 50+ crypto assets — directly on the XPO platform. With automated execution, seamless performance tracking, and zero directional risk, XCAI redefines smart crypto trading. Explore XCAI Now X X X