XTB - Investing, Savings, Trading | XTB Read more Invest Stocks Tesla, Amazon, Apple, Netflix ETFs iShares, Vanguard, Lyxor, ARK CFDs on Forex CFDs: AUD/USD, EUR/GBP, CHF/JPY CFDs on Indices CFDs: WIG20, S&P500, DAX, NIKKEI 225 CFDs on Commodities CFDs: Gold, Natural Gas, Coffee, Corn Investment Plans Invest your savings in a smarter way Account and Fees Learn about our fees, as well as deposits & withdrawals Education Educational articles Comprehensive Knowledge Base Market analysis Latest market news About us The company Over 20 years of experience in the investment industry Ambassador Zlatan Ibrahimović Trading Platform Award-winning mobile application and web platform Contact Chat with us, send an email, or give us a call Client office Web app • English Change Create account Try a demo Web app Download the app Download the app Login Web app Client office Try a demo Create account 24/5 Support 2 milion+ Investors Where your money works Investments, Trading, and Savings solutions — all in one intuitive app. Create account Download the app Stocks ETFs Indices CFD Forex CFD Commodities CFD Offer Invest your way Stocks More than 6600 assets from Europe and the United States Find out more ETFs More than 1800 American and European Find out more CFDs: Commodities, Indices 2500+ leveraged instruments Find out more Solutions Learn of the newest possibilities Investment plans Discover a smarter way of passive investing based on ETFs Learn more Fees Less costs, more investments View our full fees table 0% commission* Enjoy no commission on stocks and ETFs up to EUR 100 000 of monthly turnover, above this amount the commission is only 0.2% (min. EUR 10). Remember that 0.5% currency conversion cost may apply. Free deposits and withdrawals Manage funds without costs using selected payment methods Free account opening Complete the process in 15 minutes without unnecessary formalities. Trust 🏆 Brokerage of the year according to Invest Cuffs 2024 Start trading Download app 2 million+ XTB Group Clients 5 million+ App downloads 20+ Years on the market with XTB Group FSC Regulated by authorities 2FA Secure Two Factor Authentication login App Everything you need - in one app All markets in one place Get the most out of global markets thanks to access to 11000 instruments Start trading Comprehensive solution Make informed trading decisions with latest news push notifications, educational courses and market research tools Open account Intuitive interface Trade more conveniently with easy to use trading app Download app Instruments Discover over 11000 trading possibilities Create account Download app Full instruments list Education Choose your way to understand the market Trading courses Explore the educational base containing video courses at all advancement levels, available directly in the app Create account Download app Market news Stay up to date with our daily overview of the market insights brought to you by XTB research team Find out more Free training account Test your trading strategies and experience the market without risking your own capital Start trading Trading courses Explore the educational base containing video courses at all advancement levels, available directly in the app Market news Stay up to date with our daily overview of the market insights brought to you by XTB research team Free training account Test your trading strategies and experience the market without risking your own capital Show Show less UK Interest Rates: Projections over the Next Five Years | BoE Analysis Read Financial Years, Fiscal Quarters & Earnings Reports: What do they mean? Read What Is the Best Time for Trading Forex? Read What are the FAANG companies and MAMAA Stocks? Read GBP/EUR 2024 Forecast: Euro, Pound Exchange Trends Read Gas Trading - How to Invest in Natural Gas Read Understanding Forex Trading: Key Concepts Read What Is CFD Trading? CFDs Explained Read The Best Trading Platform for Beginners Read What Time Does the London Stock Market Open? Read What Is Leverage in Trading? Read What Are Non-Farm Payrolls (NFP)? Read Hawkish Vs Dovish: Differences Between Monetary Policies Explained Read Gold Trading - How to Start Read Dedicated support Yes, we speak English! In case of any concerns or questions, you can easily contact us in the most convenient way for you Learn more Yes, we speak English! Dedicated support In case of any concerns or questions, you can easily contact us in the most convenient way for you FAQ Do you have more questions? We have collected the most important topics that our customers most often are concerned about. If you still haven't found the answer to your question, please contact our Customer Support Visit support Is it free to open an account? Yes. Opening an account at XTB is completely free of charge. Create account Download app Is account maintenance free? Maintaining an account at XTB is free, provided that at least one purchase or sale transaction has been made within 365 days. Otherwise, a monthly fee of 10 EUR will be charged. Do you keep my money segregated? Yes, your money deposited at XTB is kept in a segregated bank account and cannot be used in company operations activities. Why do I have to upload documents during registration? We need to verify client's identification documents (such as ID card, passport etc.) in order to confirm the true identity of a client, as this is required by law. Information See our recent technical announcements Dates and details on: rollovers, holidays, dividends, trade halts and more. More news Rollovers, holidays and dividends in the following week: Read more Technical maintenance 19.12.2025 (from 22.00 till 4.00) Read more Rollovers, holidays and dividends in the following week: Read more Rollover on AUT20, DE30, DE40, EU50, FRA40, ITA40, NED25, SPA35, SUI20, UK100, W20 Read more Rollover on AUT20, DE30, DE40, EU50, FRA40, ITA40, NED25, SPA35, SUI20, UK100, W20 Read more Rollover on LSGASOIL, MEXComp, NATGAS, OIL, US100, US2000, US30, US500, VIET30 Read more Join over  2 000 000 XTB Group Clients from around the world Start trading Download the app Download the app Invest Stocks ETFs CFDs on Forex CFDs on Indices CFDs on Commodities Investment Plans Account and Fees Instrument specification Education Educational articles Market analysis Market calendar Help center About us The company Ambassador Trading Platform Contact UX Research Investor relations News Reports Share Price ESG LEGAL Legal information Privacy Policy Regulations Risk Disclaimer Complaints procedure Company News Partnerships Partnerships XOpenHub.pro XOpenHub.pro Client office Client office Web app Try a demo Create account The financial instruments we offer, especially CFDs, can be highly risky. Fractional Shares (FS) is an acquired from XTB fiduciary right to fractional parts of stocks and ETFs. FS are not a separate financial instrument. The limited corporate rights are associated with FS. You should consider whether you understand how financial instruments work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. They may not be suitable for everyone, so please ensure you fully understand all of the risks. Familiarise yourself by consulting Regulations on the Provision of Services, Order Execution Policy and Declaration of Investment Risk on the website: https://www.xtb.com/int/legal-information XTB International Limited is a limited liability company established in Belize under Registration No. 000000587 (former Registration No. 153,939) and authorized by the Financial Services Commission of Belize (FSC) under Registration No. 000302/35. Company address: 35 Barrack Road, 2nd Floor, Belize City, Belize, C.A. XTB is a trademark of XTB Group. XTB Group includes but is not limited to following entities: XTB S.A. is authorised and regulated by the Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego (KNF) in Poland XTB Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in United Kingdom XTB Sucursal is authorised and regulated by the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores in Spain Copyright 2025 © XTB S.A. • Cookies settings This page uses cookies. Cookies are files stored in your browser and are used by most websites to help personalise your web experience. For more information see our Privacy Policy This page uses cookies. Cookies are files stored in your browser and are used by most websites to help personalise your web experience. For more information see our Privacy Policy Settings Accept all The financial instruments we offer, especially CFDs, can be highly risky. Fractional Shares (FS) is an acquired from XTB fiduciary right to fractional parts of stocks and ETFs. FS are not a separate financial instrument. The limited corporate rights are associated with FS. This page was not created for investors residing in Brazil. This brokerage is not authorized by the Comissão de Valores Mobiliários (CVM) or the Brazilian Central Bank (BCB). The content of this page should not be characterized as an investment offer in Brazil or for investors residing in that country. Losses can exceed deposits We use cookies By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Essential This group contains cookies that are necessary for our websites to work. They take part in functionalities like language preferences, traffic distribution or keeping user session. They cannot be disabled. Show cookie files Cookie name Description SERVERID userBranchSymbol Expiration date
                                                1 day test_cookie Expiration date
                                                1 hour adobe_unique_id Expiration date
                                                364 days __hssc Expiration date
                                                1 hour SESSID Expiration date
                                                1 day __cf_bm Expiration date
                                                1 hour intercom-id-iojaybix Expiration date
                                                270 days intercom-session-iojaybix Expiration date
                                                6 days xtbCookiesSettings Expiration date
                                                364 days TS5b68a4e1027 countryIsoCode xtbLanguageSettings Expiration date
                                                364 days userPreviousBranchSymbol Expiration date
                                                364 days intercom-device-id-iojaybix Expiration date
                                                270 days __cfruid _cfuvid Analytics We use tools that let us analyze the usage of our page. Such data lets us improve the user experience of our web service. Show cookie files Cookie name Description _gid Expiration date
                                                1 day _gat_UA-98728395-1 Expiration date
                                                1 hour _gat_UA-121192761-1 Expiration date
                                                1 hour _gcl_au Expiration date
                                                89 days _ga_CBPL72L2EC Expiration date
                                                729 days _ga Expiration date
                                                729 days __hstc Expiration date
                                                179 days __hssrc _vwo_uuid_v2 Expiration date
                                                365 days _ga_TC79BEJ20L Expiration date
                                                729 days _vwo_uuid Expiration date
                                                365 days _vwo_ds Expiration date
                                                29 days _vwo_sn Expiration date
                                                1 hour _vis_opt_s Expiration date
                                                99 days _vis_opt_test_cookie af_id Expiration date
                                                394 days afUserId Expiration date
                                                730 days AF_SYNC Expiration date
                                                6 days AnalyticsSyncHistory Expiration date
                                                29 days Advertising This group of cookies is used to show you ads of topics that you are interested in. It also lets us monitor our marketing activities, it helps to measure the performance of our ads. Show cookie files Cookie name Description MUID Expiration date
                                                389 days _omappvp Expiration date
                                                3998 days _omappvs Expiration date
                                                1 hour _uetsid Expiration date
                                                1 day _uetvid Expiration date
                                                389 days _fbp Expiration date
                                                89 days fr Expiration date
                                                89 days _ttp Expiration date
                                                89 days _tt_enable_cookie Expiration date
                                                89 days hubspotutk Expiration date
                                                179 days IDE Expiration date
                                                389 days YSC VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Expiration date
                                                179 days li_sugr Expiration date
                                                89 days guest_id_marketing Expiration date
                                                729 days guest_id_ads Expiration date
                                                729 days guest_id Expiration date
                                                729 days muc_ads Expiration date
                                                729 days VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Expiration date
                                                179 days MSPTC Expiration date
                                                389 days Preferential Cookies from this group store your preferences you gave while using the site, so that they will already be here when you visit the page after some time. Show cookie files Cookie name Description bcookie Expiration date
                                                364 days lidc Expiration date
                                                1 day UserMatchHistory Expiration date
                                                29 days bscookie Expiration date
                                                364 days li_gc Expiration date
                                                179 days personalization_id Expiration date
                                                729 days This page uses cookies. Cookies are files stored in your browser and are used by most websites to help personalise your web experience. For more information see our Privacy Policy You can manage cookies by clicking "Settings". If you agree to our use of cookies, click "Accept all". Accept all Save settings Change region and language Country of residence The selected country of residence is not operated. Please choose a different country. Language Changing the language affects the change of regulator Change and go to site Confirm