This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website experience and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.

We won't track your information when you visit our site. But in order to comply with your preferences, we'll have to use just one tiny cookie so that you're not asked to make this choice again.

Accept
Decline
Home
Product
PLATFORM OVERVIEW
What is Xtremepush

Discover the most advanced customer engagement solution

Integrations

Explore our integrations library

Documentation

Comprehensive guides and references

AI, INSIGHTS AND LOYALTY
InfinityAI

Prevent player chum, identify VIPS.....

Gamification

Gamify customer experiences to increase engagement, conversion and loyalty.

Business Intelligence

Turn your data into a strategic advantage

OMNICHANNEL EXPERIENCES
CDP

Understand your customers in real-time with our customer data Platform

Consent Management

Effortlessly manage customer consent data to stay compliant

Email

Microsites

Ad Retargeting

SMS

Real-Time Sports Feed

Campaign Orchestration

Web Push / Inbox

Inline Content

Mobile Push / Inbox

In-App Messaging

Onsite Messages

Customers
INDUSTRIES
iGaming

The Leading CRM & Loyalty Marketing Solution

eCommerce

Your real-time eCommerce CDP

Finance

Real-time Finance CDP

Publishing

Your real-time publishing CDP

SUCCESS STORIES
Case Studies

See how we help customers

XP PARTNERS
Partners

Powering Growth Through Partnerships

Solution Partners

Our partners help drive engagement, loyalty, and growth

Technology Partners

Our technology partners extend the power of our platform

Learn
NEWS AND INSIGHTS
Media

Xtremepush in the news

Blog

Gain industry knowledge

Downloads

Deeper into industry insights

RESOURCES
Videos

Learn from Xtremepush clips

Podcasts

Join Xperts in the Room

Events

See our global activities

Contact
DEMO
See it in action

Watch the video on demand

Book a demo

Book a personal demo

CONTACT
Get in touch

Let us know how we can help you

Get Support

Technical support now

Login
Book a demo

Experience XP at your own pace, try our interactive demo

Click Here
One Solution, Infinite Possibilities

Turn visitors into loyal players with real-time data, AI and gamification.

Book a demo
Discover our Platform

Trusted by top brands and partners

Discover CRM & Loyalty Marketing Powered by AI
Discover more

50%

Cost reduction

“Thanks To The Unified Platform That Xtremepush Provides, We Have Been Able To Reduce Our Costs By 50% By Investing In A CRM That Has It All!”
Andreia Oliveira

COO of Betsul

Unlock Infinite Possibilities: Introducing InfinityAI!
Discover now
Recognised Industry Leader

We are proudly recognised around different review platforms and leading reports, including G2 and Forrester, along with many awards won for “Marketing & Services Provider of the Year” and “Online Initiative of the Year”.

Read our reviews
Elevating Player Loyalty With Data-Driven Lifecycle Journeys

 

 

Understand Your Players in Real-Time

Collect and unify player data from all sources in real time (milliseconds) and deliver personalised campaigns that convert. 

Discover more
Discover Hidden Opportunities With Predictive Data

Identify potential VIPs early, prevent player churn and deliver precisely targeted offers with our transparent and flexible AI.

Discover more
Deliver Connected Omnichannel Experiences at Scale

Launch omnichannel campaigns that are not only personalised for every player but also relevant and consistent across all channels.

Discover more
Maximise Player Engagement and Loyalty with 1:1 Gamification

Use F2P games to distribute rewards and bonuses in a more engaging way and build a seamless F2P to P2P journey.

Discover more
Discover our Platform
Why Xtremepush?
One Unified Platform

Full suite of tools for modern CRM marketers

Future Proof Solution

Start with the capabilities you need and add more as you grow

Transparent and Flexible AI

Get the best model based on your unique data and use case

Results We Drive
Betsul

Betsul saw a 600% increase in annual revenue 

Learn more
Superbet

Superbet reached open rates as high as 90% 

Learn more
Oddschecker

Oddschecker gained a 20% Increase in active user base 

Learn more
Book a demo
Our Partners and Integrations
Why Our Customers Love Us

The responses and feedback from our customers.

“By creating an experience that is unique and relevant to every player, our retention rate has been incredibly strong. In turn, this has also led to a 600% increase in our Average Annual Revenue which is a huge achievement for us.”
Andreia Oliveira

COO, Betsul

“Xtremepush helped us deliver on our goal of increasing our customer retention, as all our communication goes through the platform. We’re sending out more campaigns than ever, and at a higher cadence. It empowered us to execute on our new strategy, which almost doubled our number of players since last year.”
Joanna Beaton

Head of CRM, kwiff

“Xtremepush has had a really positive impact on our results. Just looking back at Cheltenham this year, and then back to last year, we've seen a 20% increase in our active user base and an increase of 18% in bettors from pushing messaging.”
Annabel Fairburn

CRM Manage, Oddschecker

“Xtremepush had an edge over all their competitors. The platform looked amazing, especially the customer journeys and the ease of creating a campaign. And the quality versus price ratio was very fair. They won us over.”
Adrian Caprita

CRM & VIP Director, Superbet

“Xtremepush has proven to be an important strategic partner for daa, providing us with outstanding support and guidance. They have earned our trust, and we know we can rely on them to deliver on their promises on a day-to-day basis. Xtremepush has given us the ability to execute personalised, real-time campaigns and simplified the challenge of staying GDPR compliant”
Sinead Quish

Head of Customer Marketing, DAA

“With Xtremepush powering our online engagement campaigns, we have been able to significantly increase the number of return visitors to our website and apps through a variety of channels. In particular, the breaking news alerts have been a vital way for us to connect with our audience and keep them updated about the latest events. The ease of the tool has also enabled us to create bespoke campaigns based on audience needs and monitor performance throughout.”
Olivia Ó Dochartaigh

Marketing Manager, RTÉ

Our Latest Blogs
AGENTIC AI
Dec 22 2025
2 min
How Agentic AI worked in 2025
As 2025 comes to a close, AI remains one of the most discussed (and possibly, misunderstood) topics in CRM. Over the past year, operators experimented heavily with automation, machine learning
Read more
Dec 22 2025
2 min
Higher UK taxation and the cost of complexity: Why unified CRM stacks matter more than ever
For UK operators, the end of 2025 was defined by pressure. Impending higher taxation, stricter regulation, and rising acquisition costs create the perfect storm to squeeze margins from multiple
Read more
Dec 22 2025
2 min
How Gamification Redefined CRM in 2025
While AI dominated headlines in 2025, another transformation unfolded quietly through games. Once viewed primarily as short-term engagement tools, gamified experiences increasingly became something
Read more
See all news
Ready to Grow With Us?

Take the first step to start your personalisation and omnichannel journey. Get in touch today!

Book a demo
CRM and Loyalty Marketing Powered by AI
Legal
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Company
About Us
Careers
Media
Learn
Blog
Events
eBooks
Podcasts

© 2025 Xtremepush. All rights reserved.