元象XVERSE Home AI 3D Careers News About En En AI-powered platform to generate and display 3D content XVERSE Technology is an industry-leading unicorn startup in AI and metaverse. We're committed to creating an intelligent and realistic 3D environment for everyone, with a vision to "Redefine Your World". XVERSE AI Agent Recognition
AI-Drive General Knowledge Foundation for All Scenarios XVERSE-LLM XVERSE-LLM AI Studio Data - Information Processing Better Data, Less Hallucination Engineering - High-Efficiency GPU Cluster Faster Inference, Higher Concurrent Access Infrastructure - Massive System Richer Ecosystem, Better Knowledge Enhancement XVERSE-LLM All In-House  R&D with Superior Performance Complex distributed system design with a peak computing power utilization rate of 58.5%; FlashAttention2 accelerated computation, 3D parallelism, and virtual pipelining, enhancing inference computation speed; Optimization of cluster infrastructure, resource allocation, and training framework, with an effective training rate of 98.6%. Product Detail XVERSE-65B XVERSE-Long XVERSE-MoE 65B Model Size 2.6T Dataset Size 40+ Language 16K Context Length Product Detail AI Products Discover our latest products XVERSE LLM The XVERSE LLM, is powerfully crafted through deep learning technologies capable of complex reasoning and multilingual comprehension. View Product XVERSE LLM The XVERSE LLM, is powerfully crafted through deep learning technologies capable of complex reasoning and multilingual comprehension. View Product Saylo Saylo is an immersive AI interactive reading application. You can explore infinite stories tailored specifically for you. View Product Saylo Saylo is an immersive AI interactive reading application. You can explore infinite stories tailored specifically for you. View Product XVERSE 3D One-Stop Platform for 3D Content Generation and Consumption XVERSE offers an array of cutting-edge technologies, such as Edge-Cloud Collaborative Rendering that integrates graphics high-performance computing and storage systems, audio and video codecs, and real-time communication. Light Click to play Device agnostics Fast One-stop fast production 2000K co-server users 1M online users Real Photorealistic Real textures Realtime 4K Products For
Business Customer We will provide you with professional one-stop services to help you achieve business success. Virtual House Viewing More Immersive and Explorative Tourist Assistance Improve touring experience Marketing Promotion Enhance marketing/sales Virtual House Viewing XVERSE provides a realistic experience for Apple Vision Pro Fixed viewpoints: areas up to 100K square meters and 8K resolution (compared to the industry standard of 4K) 6DOF: 3D translation + 3D rotation with great flexibility 6DOF Movement Lively and Free Products For Users We offer users premium 3D experiences, creating unique next-
generation of internet products among different platforms. Mindtopia We provide an incredible array of immersive landscapes. Our variety of virtual scenarios allows users to experience the freedom and diverse environments offered by Quest. Product Detail Metaverse
Birthday Party An exclusive and unforgettable Metaverse birthday party experience. Here, we will create a virtual reality celebration space tailored specifically for you. News We are bringing new changes, step by step to
redefine your world. XVERSE releases the world's longest open-source LLM XVERSE-Long-256K The first open-source AI model with a context length of 256K, supporting input of 600,000 words, ushering in the "era of long-text" for LLM applications. XVERSE releases a free plugin to train 3DGS locally A Cutting-edge international 3D reconstruction technology. The tool enables one-stop creation, including mobile phone shooting, computer-generated 3DGS, and interactive editing on UE5. About XVERSE Technology Inc.,a Shenzhen-based artificial intelligence and 3D technology services provider founded in early 2021, aims to create an intelligent and realistic 3D world for everyone,with a vision to "Redefine your world". The company's investors include global heavyweights Tencent, GGV Capital, 5Y Capital, Hillhouse Capital, Sequoia Capital, Temasek, and CPE. Forrest Yao, XVERSE's founder and a former Tencent vice president who established Tencent AI Lab and Robotics Lab, serves on China's Ministry of Science and Technology's Strategic Advisory Committee for Artificial Intelligence. Research and development accounts for 75% of the company's total workforce. The team is comprised of individuals from top-tier firms such as Tencent, Baidu, IBM, McKinsey & Co., and others. REDEFINE YOUR WORLD Product About Us AI News 3D Copyright © 2021 - 2025 XVERSE Technology Inc. All Rights Reserved / 粤ICP备2021047896号-1