Yabla - Language Immersion - Learn Languages with Authentic Videos Share the gift of language with Yabla e-gift cards. Translate: English Español Français Deutsch Italiano Português For Educators Log In Watch a show, play a game, become fluent. Language Immersion With Authentic Video Try Yabla Free for 15 days* For Individuals For Educators × I would like to learn: Chinese Italian Spanish French German English Choose a Language Chinese Italian Spanish French German English Yabla's Smart Subtitle Technology Helps You Learn Faster Dual-language, interactive subtitles and playback controls immerse you in authentic video including TV shows, music, interviews, documentaries, lessons, and more. Learn from the best teachers—native speakers using their language in everyday situations. Integrated Dual-Language Dictionaries Click any word to see the definition. Subtitle Repeat Go back to repeat a subtitle or skip ahead to the next. You're In Control Slow down or loop the tricky parts. Show or Hide Subtitles Try to follow with no translation. aquellos verbos que causan confusión Correct! submit answer 50 points Test and Improve Each video also comes with interactive listening games and exercises, like our patented dictation exercise, Scribe, and Speak, our pronunciation and speaking activity. Immerse Yourself Anywhere By immersing yourself in authentic video content you’ll be able to learn from the best teachers there are - native speakers using their language in everyday situations. It’s the next best thing to studying abroad. Stay Engaged, Study More Our video library is constantly growing and spans everything from TV shows, music videos, interviews, and documentaries to lessons and original content. Yabla keeps you interested so you’ll want to study more often. Are You an Educator? Complement your curriculum and boost your students' comprehension and conversational skills by exposing them to native speakers. Learn more about Yabla for Schools Yabla on the Go Get the iOS App and practice on the go. The mobile apps makes it easy to study consistently every day. iOS Learn a language the Yabla way. Get started *15 Day Free trial offer is only available to new users Yabla Languages Learn Spanish Learn French Learn Italian Learn German Learn Chinese Learn English Get Yabla Buy Individual subscription Buy School/Organization subscription QUOTE for School/Organization Signup for students Sign up with access code Send a Gift Help Individuals - Getting Started Individuals - FAQ Individuals - Video Tutorials School Accounts - Getting Started School Accounts - FAQ School Accounts - Video Tutorials Contact Yabla iOS App Yabla About For Educators Affiliate Program Terms Privacy