Home » Yale Climate Connections Join us! When you sign up as a monthly donor by the end of 2025, you'll be invited to an exclusive Zoom call with Dr. Anthony Leiserowitz about what’s next for people who care about the climate. Donate Take a stand for the climate Help us grow our coverage and spread the truth in 2026. Will you pitch in today? Donate When you sign up as a monthly donor by 12/31, we’ll invite you to an exclusive virtual conversation with Yale’s Dr. Anthony Leiserowitz about what’s next for people who care about the climate. Close NEWSLETTER Search for: Search ARTICLES Open dropdown menu Extreme weather Solutions & climate action Climate explained Health Browse all articles EN ESPAÑOL Open dropdown menu Quienes somos Pregúntale al experto Educación climática Clima extremo Lo que puedes hacer Líderes climáticos Podcasts de YCC RADIO PROGRAM Open dropdown menu For radio stations Browse all episodes Story locations The Climate Connections podcast ABOUT Open dropdown menu About us Republish our articles Our team Donate Partners Editorial policies Contact Facebook YouTube Close Skip to content Yale Climate Connections ARTICLES Open dropdown menu Extreme weather Solutions & climate action Climate explained Health Browse all articles EN ESPAÑOL Open dropdown menu Quienes somos Pregúntale al experto Educación climática Clima extremo Lo que puedes hacer Líderes climáticos Podcasts de YCC RADIO PROGRAM Open dropdown menu For radio stations Browse all episodes Story locations The Climate Connections podcast ABOUT Open dropdown menu About us Republish our articles Our team Donate Partners Editorial policies Contact NEWSLETTER Open Search Search for: Search Menu Home Seis fotos que muestran cómo el cambio climático impactó el mundo en 2025 by Samantha Harrington What’s New Audio Tips for making climate-related resolutions that stick by YCC Team Audio Climate change could cost businesses big time by YCC Team Audio Minneapolis suburb helps residents pay for e-bikes by YCC Team Take a stand for the climate From installing solar panels at home to lobbying their members of Congress, Yale Climate Connections readers are working to protect the climate in all 50 states. And with your support, we can spread the word about climate solutions with even more people, always for free. Will you chip in to put more news about climate solutions in front of Americans today? Donate recent posts Six climate stories that inspired us in 2025 Our solutions picks of the year. by Samantha Harrington Teens, churches, and a grocery store take climate action in Milwaukee The Greening Congregations Initiative helps organizations in the city cut carbon pollution and prepare for worsened flooding. by YCC Team Six photos show how climate change shaped our world in 2025 This year’s most notable wildfires, hurricanes, droughts, heat waves, and heavy rains were made more devastating and deadly by climate change. by Samantha Harrington Scientists work to breed tougher Christmas trees A team in North Carolina is developing new Fraser firs that they’re hoping can better cope with warm winter weather, pests, and disease. by YCC Team How the eco-right could make or break future climate legislation Their goal is to advance bipartisan climate legislation. by YCC Team Trump’s anti-climate policies are driving up insurance costs for homeowners, say experts Tariffs, extreme weather events and the president’s funding cuts are contributing to increasing rates, sometimes by double digits. by Marcus Baram, Capital & Main Minnesota training program helps people get started in climate action Participants in the Community Climate Leaders program choose a climate action project that they’re passionate about. by YCC Team Five short videos that debunk climate lies and falsehoods Join Samantha Harrington as she sleuths out climate misinformation on social media. by Samantha Harrington Climate Explained Learn more about the climate crisis, from causes to solutions. knowledge is power Trump administration announces plans to ‘break up’ the National Center for Atmospheric Research The center is one of the world’s premier institutions for studying the atmosphere. Its work has saved countless lives. The rest of the world is lapping the U.S. in the EV race EVs made up about 25% of global car sales in 2025. In the U.S., they only made up 10%. The EPA let companies estimate their own pollution levels. We discovered real emissions are far worse. ‘The more we learned, the more afraid we were.’ en espa ñ ol La postura del papa León ante el cambio climático cobra protagonismo En sus primeros cinco meses, el pontífice no se ha apartado mucho del legado de su predecesor Organizaciones latinas impulsan la acción climática en EE. UU. Educación, participación cívica y trabajo local marcan la respuesta climática en 2025 Celebran apertura de la Oficina de Mitigación ante Deslizamientos de Tierra de Puerto Rico Lluvias y tormentas más intensas significan un aumento en el riesgo de deslizamientos EDITOR’S PICKS Clean energy generates major economic benefits, especially in red states But a Trump-era funding freeze could disrupt investments in clean energy projects. by Karin Kirk Our elected officials have known about climate change for decades The science has been settled for longer than many of us have been alive. So why do some still claim it’s uncertain? by Bridgett Ennis snow & ice A slow-motion water crisis is unfolding around the world The anthropologists holding funerals for the world’s dying glaciers Scientists get a shocking glimpse of Arctic climate change energy When the energy expert is your neighbor Known for its oil, Texas became a renewable energy leader. Now it’s being unplugged. This college is turning the Earth into a giant battery jobs & economy Extreme heat turns work deadly You don’t need a fancy title to be a climate leader at work Climate solutions can start at your desk Policy & Politics A regional effort helps Ohio communities step up on climate change The policy change that could put more EVs on the road News roundup: COP30 wasn’t a complete failure Browse All Stories by Topic Facebook YouTube An initiative of DONATE RSS FEED FOR RADIO STATIONS REPUBLISH US ACCESSIBILITY AT YALE © 2025 Yale Climate Connections Powered by Newspack Gift this article Close Link Copy link