Healthy Weight Loss & Eating: Lose Weight Fast with Yazio Success Stories Foods Calculator Help Try for free Body Mass Index (BMI) Calculator Ideal Body Weight Calculator Daily Calorie Intake Calculator Calories Burned Calculator Try for free Success Stories Foods Calculator Help Try Yazio for free Calculators Body Mass Index (BMI) Calculator Ideal Body Weight Calculator Daily Calorie Intake Calculator Calories Burned Calculator Build healthy habits you’ll love to keep Try Yazio for free Get your custom plan in minutes Start where you are Stay consistent See it pay off Reach your goals, your way Lose weight Build muscle Eat balanced meals Track macros Eat mindfully Keep cravings in check Build healthy routines Maintain weight Your all-in-one food, fitness and fasting tracker AI food tracking Get instant calorie and nutrition info with AI photo tracking, or track manually or by barcode. Intermittent fasting Keep fasting simple with built-in timers and flexible plans like 16:8, 5:2 and 6:1. 3,000+ recipes Explore easy-to-track recipes tailored to your goals and preferences. Automatic tracking Sync your fitness tracker to automatically track steps, activities and more. Trusted by 100M and counting Discover how people are transforming their lives with Yazio. -40 lb Between running and biking every day, my weight has started coming down again and I have started seeing my body become very sculpted like I’ve never seen before. Amber, USA Read more -111 lb If you want to accomplish something, then you will accomplish it, regardless of how bumpy the road is. I always told myself: I can't go back and start from the beginning, but I can start today and follow a new path! Dennis, Germany Read more Read all stories See what the community’s saying " I've already tried so many apps, but Yazio is the first app that really helped me . After just one week, I've pretty much mastered all the tricks and am even seeing the first results already. " Anna, 24 " I'm thrilled with the app and have already lost quite a bit of weight in a short amount of time without depriving myself. It makes it so easy for me to stick to my plan and stay motivated. " Daniel, 36 " Beautiful design, very easy to use, great features, and you can find any foods. The recipes are also really delicious ! " Maria, 47 Ready to see results? Start your plan today. Try Yazio for free Get your custom plan in minutes About us About us Jobs Press Success Stories All Success Stories Foods All Foods Help Help Center Calculator Body Mass Index (BMI) Calculator Ideal Body Weight Calculator Daily Calorie Intake Calculator Calories Burned Calculator About us Success Stories Foods Help Calculator Copyright © 2025 Yazio. All rights reserved. Contact Privacy Policy Cookies Cancel Subscription