Sales Engagement Made Easy | Yesware Agency owners: make new revenue streams by reselling Yesware from the Vendasta Marketplace Learn More → Sales Engagement Email Tracking Get real-time open and link click notifications Multi-Channel Campaigns Build pipeline with outbound campaigns Email Templates Quickly follow up with personalized emails Prospector Source new business in seconds Attachment Tracking See when recipients view attachments Meeting Scheduler Schedule meetings without the back-and-forth Reporting & Analytics Discover the best workflows and content Integrations Integrate with the tools you know and love Outlook Add-On Download Yesware for Outlook Gmail Chrome Extension Download Yesware for Gmail Data Enrichment Prospector Get leads from our database of 100+ million B2B contacts Privacy & Security Industry-leading security standards Contact Enrichment Enrich contacts with the most accurate data Data Quality Data you can trust to reach target buyers View Data Enrichment Pricing  Learn Blog Adopt the latest outreach strategies and tactics University Become a top performer with Yesware Customers Learn why 6,000+ teams choose Yesware Live Training Learn product workflows and ask questions Reports and Guides Discover the latest trends and best practices Podcast Hear growth stories from revenue leaders Support Connect with our support team About Read our story and meet our team Use Cases Sales Reps Sales Managers Sales Operations Sales Executives Marketing Customer Success Account Management Outbound Sales Inbound Sales Account Based-Sales Sign In Pricing Contact sales Try for free Sell smarter - without leaving your email inbox Know who to follow up with and when. Track emails, test messaging, and personalize sales outreach at scale—without the complexity of enterprise software. 60 second install. No tech skills needed. Sell where you email: within Gmail or Outlook. Automatically logs to your CRM. Sign up Contact sales 14 day trial, then free forever. No credit card required. 14 day trial, then free forever . Get set up in 60 seconds . 1.4 million installs and counting . Sales teams of all sizes trust Yesware with their outreach Join 6,000+ sales teams closing more deals through better email outreach with Yesware: Follow up with the right prospect , at the right time, with messaging that works Drive better results, faster. Know when prospects open your emails and when you should follow up. Yesware helps you automate email outreach, track emails in real-time, test what emails work or don't, and quickly share these insights with your entire sales team. Sign up Contact sales 14 day trial, then free forever. No credit card required. Convert your emails into more sales Track email engagement and identify next best steps Sales reps get everything they need to organize and execute sales outreach. With real-time insights on their next best steps, all within a familiar email inbox. Real-time notifications on email opens, clicks, and downloads Tasks, activities, and notes Works within Gmail & Outlook Sign up Contact sales 14 day trial, then free forever. No credit card required. Set up in a minute or two and save hours spent on emails Sales reps can get started with Yesware right away and prioritize high-value sales activities instead of drafting emails, managing multiple tools, and entering data. Email templates and email personalization Multi-touch sales campaign automation Automated activity logging on CRM Sign up Contact sales 14 day trial, then free forever. No credit card required. Boost sales team performance with just the right insights With Yesware, sales reps don’t have to analyze data to find interested prospects and effective messaging. And sales leaders can easily share their best practices with the entire team. Recipient engagement reports Campaign performance reports User reports Sign up Contact sales 14 day trial, then free forever. No credit card required. "As demand grew, reps could quickly move through the sales process. They could reach out to prospects, personalize emails, and follow up faster. It massively sped up their process.” Amanda Hudgins Director of Demand Generation "I wanted to bring in Yesware because it help us work smarter and faster. It focuses our energy on the best potential donors - the people with the inclinination and capacity to advance in our mission” Christopher Pinault Director of Development "Testing how assets and templates are working has improved our reply and click rates. Insight is everything. The more we know, the better we get.” Jack Bennett Consultant Sales Manager As easy to use as it is to get started Get set up in 60 seconds and start closing more deals in days, not months. With Yesware, you aren’t jammed into a complex implementation process and teams can be onboarded instantly with minimal learning curve. How to install Yesware for Gmail or Outlook 1. Sign up with your Microsoft or Google email 2. Download the Google Chrome Extension or Outlook Add-In 3. Start tracking emails and automating sales outreach ‍ Sign up Contact sales 14 day trial, then free forever. No credit card required. Close more deals with personalized 1:1 outreach at scale Scale sales outreach, create better opportunities, and grow revenue, all while maintaining a human touch and building meaningful customer relationships. For SDRs, AEs, and sales professionals Reclaim your day with smart, personalized, and automated outreach: Get started instantly without a learning curve Find your best leads, immediate tasks, and next steps Easily personalize emails for each recipient at once Draft effective emails using proven templates Keep sales pipeline fed with automated sales campaigns For sales managers and sales leaders Improve team performance and accelerate sales with the right insights Ease onboarding with an easy-to-use sales solution Create templates out of your best-performing emails to share with your team Improve team productivity by automating sales outreach Turn chaos into conversions with clear, actionable insights on messaging, campaigns, users, and sales activities For small business owners Grow business faster, convert your emails to more sales Start in 60 seconds with everything you need to sell via email Get notified instantly when a customer opens your emails so you can follow up with them when they are interested Save time writing and sending emails with ready-to-use templates and automated campaigns Use insights to find your best leads, and use the best performing content to convert them into customers 6,000+ sales teams are doing meaningful email outreach with Yesware Sales professionals who do daily email outreach: “ On average, our reply rates are 10-25% higher.” “ Gives you that initial feeling if that sale is going to close or not.” “ Helps fatten the sales pipeline.” “ When a new email’s getting traction, we’ll all use the same template.” “ It’s critical for you because you’re not left guessing.” “ It doesn’t feel ‘copy and paste’ on the receiving end.” The impact Yesware could have on your business Frees up 4,200 hours per month Grows new business revenue by ‍ 20% 72% reply rate Expands user base by 3x Increase rep productivity by 30% Reaches 31% opp-to-closed conversion Powerful, not overpowering. You’re 60 seconds away from having Yesware’s full functionality in your inbox, free for 14 days. White glove onboarding Free assisted account setup Free training for all users Sign up Contact sales 14 day trial, then free forever. Get set up in 60 seconds. 1.4 million installs and counting. "The onboarding experience was awesome! Everyone had tracking set up within one hour and were fully trained in a few days. The team really, really enjoyed the experience of receiving a new tool and it running smoothly for them immediately. Yesware keeps [our team] organized and lets them multi-task by offloading things to autopilot.” Emily Radkowski Senior Manager, Sales Enablement Or talk to a Yesware Specialist  Do you manage a team? Yesware offers a full pilot program so you can validate our solution before buying: 1. White glove onboarding 2. Dedicated Customer Success Representative 3. Customized team trainings & office hours 4. Invoices over credit card subscriptions 5. Enterprise-grade security and privacy By clicking “Contact Sales,” I agree to receive communications from Yesware per its Privacy Policy . I understand Yesware uses email analytics, including tracking replies and opens, and I can unsubscribe anytime. EU data subjects can review GDPR details here . We're on a mission to help you build lasting business relationships. Vendasta Square Headquarters ‍ 410 - 22nd Street East, Floor 15 Saskatoon, SK, S7K 5T6, Canada support@yesware.com Available on: Products Overview Email Tracking Attachment Tracking Multi-Channel Campaigns Meeting Scheduler Email Templates Reporting & Analytics Prospector Contacts Salesforce Integration LinkedIn Integration Integrations Outlook Add-On Gmail Chrome Extension Solutions Teams Outbound Sales Inbound Sales Account Based Sales Sales Reps Sales Managers Sales Operations Sales Executives Marketing Customer Success Account Management HR & Recruiting Entrepreneurs Real Estate Resources Contact Sales Plans & Pricing Help Center Yesware University eBooks Blog Guides Sales Prospecting Cold Emailing Cold Calling Follow-Up Email B2B Sales Trust Why Choose Yesware? Customer Stories Trust Center Company About Us Careers Try Free Sign In © Vendasta 2025 | GDPR | Privacy | Terms