Connect Gmail
Create a Yahoo account
Designed to
simplify your life

Get more from your inbox

with powerful new features

from Yahoo Mail

Connect Gmail
Create a Yahoo account

EFFICIENT

Simplify inbox management

Time-saving tools help you breeze through emails.

Package tracking

Stay updated on the status of package deliveries.

Unified inbox

View your accounts together by connecting Gmail and more.

AI Summaries

See next steps or action items, neatly summarized by AI.

SMART

Do more, email less

Intelligent features make it easy to get stuff done, so you can enjoy life outside of your inbox.

AI compose

Let AI help you write better emails and strike the right tone instantly.

Primary inbox

Find your most important emails categorized in the Primary tab.

Quick actions

Get checked in or scheduled in one tap.

SECURE

Know your account is safe

Top-notch security and tools let you control which emails make it to your inbox.

One tap unsubscribe
Delete by sender
Spam detection
One tap unsubscribe

Opt out from unwanted email lists with a single tap.

Delete by sender

Bulk-delete emails from any sender in an instant.

Spam detection

Stay protected with built-in spam filters that catch unwanted mail.

Frequently
asked questions

Get the answers you’re looking for.

Is Yahoo Mail free?

Yes, Yahoo Mail is always free to sign up for and use. We also offer a variety of optional plans with additional features, so you can choose the one that best fits your needs.

Can I use Yahoo Mail with my Gmail account?

Yes! You can absolutely use your Gmail account with Yahoo Mail. You can also use Outlook, AOL and more. Go to Profile icon > Add another mailbox.

How do I reset or change my Yahoo password?

For detailed steps on how to reset or change your Yahoo Mail password, visit this help page.

How do I recover lost or deleted emails?

To recover lost or deleted emails in Yahoo Mail, check out this help article.

What should I do if emails are not received in Yahoo Mail?

If you’re not receiving emails in Yahoo Mail, you can troubleshoot this issue by referring to this help article.

Enjoy an
ad-free inbox

Cut through the clutter by upgrading to Yahoo Mail Plus.

Try 14 days free*

*To avoid being charged the recurring subscription fee, cancel before your free trial period ends.

More than 1 in 3 Americans
use Yahoo Mail*

Get started and experience life, simplified. 

Connect Gmail
Create a Yahoo account
Footer
Designed to simplify your life
FEATURES
Review faster
Organize smarter
RESOURCES
Blog
LEGAL
Privacy Dashboard
Terms
Privacy Policy
FOLLOW US

*Yahoo Internal Data (May '24 - Apr '25)