YNAB It looks like you're located in Australia. We have an Australian version of our website. Please confirm your location and we’ll send you to the appropriate site! I'm in Australia No, I'm not in Australia A friend sent you a free month of YNAB! ‍ Join the movement of YNABers who spend guilt-free thanks to our simple set of life-changing habits. Start with our 34-day free trial and you'll both get an additional free month when you subscribe. Start Your Free Trial Give 3 months of YNAB and get 3 months free. Now through December 31. It's pronounced ”why-nab” What is YNAB? The App The Method Why YNAB Is Different Our 34-Day Trial The Ultimate Get Started Guide Learn Free Workshops Blog Guides Help Center Share YNAB Refer A Friend Gift a YNAB Subscription Subscription Sharing Refer Your Employer Pricing For Employers Log In Start Your Free Trial Accept Your Invite The Method The App Pricing What is YNAB? The App The Method Why YNAB Is Different Our 34-Day Trial The Ultimate Get Started Guide Learn Free Workshops Blog Guides Help Center Share YNAB Refer a Friend Gift a YNAB Subscription Subscription Sharing Refer Your Employer Log In Arrow Right Start Your Free Trial Accept Your Invite Never worry about money again. Get good with money. Bad with money? YNAB can help. YNAB + You = Good with Money Have you ever worried about money? Normal! (But not necessary.) Worried about money? You’re not alone. Get YNAB. Get good with money. Get YNAB. Get good with money. Worried about money? You might be bad with money. Stop being bad with money. Bad with money? You’re not alone. Worried about money? You’re not alone. Ready to never worry about money again? Ready to get good with money? Tired of worrying about money? Get YNAB. Get good with money. Get YNAB. Never worry about money again. Start your free trial and get good with money. YNAB + You = Good with Money Never worry about money again. Get YNAB & get good with money. 92% of YNAB users feel less money stress since starting. Never worry about money again. 92% feel less stressed since starting YNAB. Save $600 the first month, $6,000 the first year. Get YNAB and never worry about money again. Get YNAB. Get good with money. Get YNAB, get good with money, and never worry about money again. Start Your Free Trial It’s easy! No credit card required. Best Budgeting App 2024 TrustScore 4.6 2,756 Reviews App of the Day July 2025 App Reviews 4.7 Average 97K Reviews World's Top 250 Fintechs 2024 We’re #1 for a reason… (and not just because our mom said so.) YNAB simplifies spending decisions, clarifies priorities, and brings more joy to every day and every dollar by making it easy to get good with money. Just give every dollar a job and never worry about money again. Learn More About the YNAB Method 90% say their finances are in a better place since starting YNAB* 91% say YNAB has changed the way they think about money* 70% of YNABers could live for 3 months or more on savings* 93% have recommended YNAB to friends or family* *based on survey responses Learn More About the YNAB Method “YNAB isn’t just a tool for money management. It’s a tool for self-actualization. Who do you want to be, and how can the money you earn help you get there?” Adrienne So, Senior Associate Reviews Editor for WIRED Why YNAB Works 92% of YNABers feel less money stress since starting. You’re next. Learn our secret sauce Our method has only one ingredient: Give every dollar a job. We’ll teach you how. Fund your wildest dreams...and your water bill Our app will guide you through the process of making a flexible, proactive plan to have what you need and get what you want. Get good with money Improve relationships, sleep better at night, and achieve your goals by learning to use your money to live a life you can love. Start Your Free 34 Day Trial The average user saves $600 in their first month and $6,000 their first year. And we don’t like to play favorites or anything, but you seem well above average to us. Are you ready to get good with money? You seem ready. We're already impressed. I realized that money was a tool that would help me create my dream life. YNAB truly helped me buy freedom from a toxic relationship, the flexibility to spend time with my kids, and the ability to pursue my biggest dreams. Kathryn YNABer since 2015 I went from living paycheck to paycheck, to having $42K saved in one year. YNAB has removed the stress of money from my life and in doing so has helped make me a better husband.  It's like I got to remove a personal flaw I had never been able to fix. Kyle YNABer since 2020 I slayed $30K of debt, reclaimed my freedom, and now I’m living wild and free. I now live a life of empowered spending and am headed for an early retirement, knowing I’ll never have to compromise my values for a paycheck. Wave YNABer since 2015 What will you accomplish with YNAB? I want to… Feel organized about my finances Enjoy Adulthood Arrow Right Be less stressed about money Make Change Arrow Right Stop arguing about money with my partner Conquer Conflict Arrow Right Pay off debt and stay out for good Destroy Debt Arrow Right Save more money without feeling restricted Save Yourself Arrow Right Have money saved for next month Build a Buffer Arrow Right Feel confident with an irregular income Create More Balance Arrow Right Get YNAB. Get Good with Money. You put so much effort into making money, shouldn’t you invest the same time, attention, and care into spending it? YNAB helps you get good with money so you never have to worry about money again. Start Your Free Trial Browse Features Facebook Icon The artist formerly known as Twitter Instagram Icon Pinterest Icon TikTok Icon YouTube Icon Apple Podcasts Icon RSS Icon Copyright © 2025, YNAB. All Rights Reserved. YNAB is an agent of Plaid Financial Ltd., an authorised payment institution regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under the Payment Services Regulations 2017 (Firm Reference Number: 804718). Plaid provides you with regulated account information services through YNAB as its agent. What Is YNAB? The App The Method Why YNAB Is Different Our 34 Day Trial The Ultimate Get Started Guide Learn Free Workshops Blog Guides Help Center Share YNAB Refer a Friend Gift a YNAB Subscription Subscription Sharing Refer Your Employer Pricing Company About Careers Press YNAB: The Book Programs YNAB for the Workplace YNAB for College Students Certified Coaching YNAB For Good App Status What's New API Cancellation Contact Support Legal Terms Security Privacy Policy California Privacy Policy Accessibility Your Privacy Choices Company About Careers Press YNAB: The Book Programs YNAB for the Workplace YNAB for College Students Certified Coaching YNAB For Good App Status What's New API Cancellation Contact Support Legal Terms Security Privacy Policy California Privacy Policy Accessibility Your Privacy Choices