Yoga Journal | Yoga Poses - Sequences - Philosophy - Events 26% OFF OUTSIDE+ FOR 2026 Start the year with unlimited access to Yoga Journal SAVE TODAY Yoga Journal Powered by Outside Home Featured Poses Pose Finder Practice Yoga Accessories Teach Foundations Meditation Lifestyle Astrology More Don't miss new adventures Get all the latest delivered to your feed. 10-Minute Yoga to Stretch and Strengthen Your Body in Ways Most Workouts Overlook Athletes, this is what you've been missing. Amber Sayer 5 Wellness Trends That Are Worth Taking Into the New Year Calin Van Paris The Most Significant Astrological Dates in 2026 And What They Mean for You Jordane Maree Your Weekly Horoscope, December 28-January 3: Being True to You Jordane Maree 10 Most Popular Articles About Teaching Yoga of 2025 YJ Editors Must Reads A-to-Z Guide to Yoga Cues Even A One-Minute Meditation Can Deliver Profound Benefits, According to Research Must Reads A-Z Directory of Yoga Poses How to Clean a Yoga Mat, According to Experts Latest Balance Why Author + Chef Renée Loux Is a Yogi Author, chef, and green-living expert Renee Loux shares her life story interwoven with both yoga and food. Elizabeth Marglin Updated 3 hours ago Lifestyle 18 Reasons to Practice Self-Care Asana, pranayama, and meditation are key tools for combatting everyday stressors. Learn how taking care of yourself can create a ripple effect of positivity in your mind and body. Brittany Risher Updated 4 hours ago Astrology What the Super Full Moon in Taurus Means for You It's a reminder that you belong. Jill Wintersteen Updated 8 hours ago Astrology Everything You Need to Know About Your 2026 Horoscope, According to Your Sign You might not recognize yourself by the end of the year. Jordane Maree Published 8 hours ago Practice Yoga 15 Most Popular Yoga Articles of 2025 The stretches, sequences, insights, and ways to seriously find your calm that vibed with you. YJ Editors Updated 10 hours ago Practice Yoga Tarot Cards Can Have a Place in Your Yoga Practice. Here’s How. Cards meet mat. Sierra Vandervort Updated 10 hours ago Balance I Convinced My Girlfriend to Try Yoga for One Week. Here’s What Happened. A student tries to crack his girlfriend’s resistance to yoga. RYAN PEACOCK Published 12 hours ago Foundations 5 Research-Backed Reasons You Should Change Up Your Yoga Practice Recommit to your practice this year by forgoing the familiar in favor of the fresh. Rebecca Tolin Published 12 hours ago Foundations How to See Yourself for Who You Truly Are Embrace authenticity. Sally Kempton Published 13 hours ago Lifestyle 4 Questions To Ask Yourself Before the New Year These writing prompts can help you become curious about, well, you. Sarah Herrington Published Dec 29, 2025 Practice Yoga The Secret to Nailing This Arm Balance? Getting Out of Your Own Way. It's about so much more than the arm balance. Judith Hanson Lasater Published Dec 29, 2025 Practice Yoga Yin Yoga for the Solar Plexus Chakra to Quiet Your Thoughts and Remind You of Your Worth Simply sitting still can address more issues than you think. Yoga With Kassandra Published Dec 26, 2025 See All Poses 9 Dynamic Yoga Poses to Add to Your Home Practice Plus tips for beginner, intermediate, and experienced practitioners. Editors’ Picks 6 Yoga Poses for High Blood Pressure The 7 Best Yoga Poses to Stretch Tight Quads 4 Yoga Poses to Help Ease Neck Pain View
            More Practice A 10-Minute Workout for When You’re Stuck at Home No props, weights, or gym required. Just you and these yoga-related moves. Editors’ Picks 6 Pigeon Pose Variations That Deliver the Same Stretch in a Different Shape 12 Essential Cues for Crow Pose You’ve Probably Never Heard Before 40 (Mostly Hilarious) Things Only People Who Practice Yoga Understand View
            More Teach Thinking About Taking a Yoga Teacher Training Retreat? Consider These 13 Things Before You Commit. Here's everything you need to know to select the one that's best for you. Editors’ Picks I Teach Yoga to Millions On YouTube. These Are the 12 Essential Lessons I’ve Learned. No One Was Attending My Yoga Classes—Until I Changed This One Thing 12 Body-Positive Yoga Cues You Can Use in Common Poses View
            More Life Feeling Lonely? You’re Not Alone We're experiencing a loneliness pandemic. Here's how you can learn to show up for yourself during one of the hardest times of the year. Editors’ Picks 10 End-Of-Year Journal Prompts to Help Create the Life You Want How to Quiet Your Racing Thoughts in 5 Minutes (or Less!) The Reason Why Your Dog Always Wants to Practice Yoga With You, According to Experts View
            More Foundations Yoga for Beginners: The Ultimate Guide to Starting Your Practice Everything you need to know as you begin your practice, from basic poses to deciphering a class schedule Editors’ Picks Even A One-Minute Meditation Can Deliver Profound Benefits, According to Research How Yoga Nidra Can Help You Get More Sleep A Beginner’s Guide to the Chakras Astrology A Complete Guide to the Full Moons of 2024, Including What They Mean for You A glimpse ahead at the influences affecting you throughout the year. Editors’ Picks All Planets are Direct for Until Early May. Here’s What That Means for You. What Aquarius Season Means for You, According to Your Astrological Sign I Don’t Know if I Believe in Astrology, But I Still Read My Horoscope Each Morning. Here’s Why. Outside Apps Gaia GPS Get off the beaten path, and stay found. Download Trailforks Discover the best trails in the world. Download Outside TV Unlock 600+ hours of ad-free films and series. Download Outside Unlock 15+ outdoor publications all in one app. Download Watch Build a Stronger Bow Pose With This Prop-Supported Sequence Working toward the full expression of Dhanurasana? These five poses will help you appreciate where your body is now. View
            More Learn The Culture & Practice of the Yama Join Rina Deshpande—teacher, writer, artist, and poet—for an immersion into the richness of the yama, ethical practices outlined in the Yoga Sutra as the first of the eight-limbed path of classical yoga. View
            More Outside+ Join Outside+ to get access to exclusive sequences and other members-only content, and more than 8,000 healthy recipes. Learn More Facebook Icon Instagram Icon Manage Cookie Preferences