Cookies and Language Preferences (Click OK)

Our website uses cookies to enhance your experience and save your preferences. By using our website, you consent to the usage of cookies. You may refuse to accept or delete cookies stored on your computer through the settings of your web browser. Read our Website Privacy Statement to learn more about the information collected.

OK
Skip to main content
Skip to local navigation
APPLY
GIVE
CONTACT
Info for... 
Search
Programs
Admissions
Student Life
Research & Innovation
Partnerships & Community
About York
Start your future with confidence

Pursue your passion and find your community across our three campuses in Toronto

Apply now
Scholarships & Bursaries
Learning for life-long success

Wherever you are in your journey, York U has a place for you. Find a program at our three core campuses in the Greater Toronto Area - Keele, Glendon and Markham.

Undergraduate Programs

York University offers a broad selection of degrees, programs, and diverse opportunities to support your learning journey and aspiring career goals.

Explore Undergrad Programs

Graduate Programs

Find your footing in a community of like-minded learners pushing the boundaries of knowledge to make excellence and equity matter in the wider world.

Learn about Graduate Studies

Continuing Studies

Achieve personal and professional growth in a rapidly changing career and educational landscape.

See more about Continuing Studies

International Students

Take the first step on your journey and join a community of over 10,000 international students at York University.

Learn more about Applying

Student Voices

Doing these (MLSE) internships, I'm hoping that I can learn what I love and see what I want to do in the future. I’m grateful to learn from these internships.

— Afreen Jeelani, Schulich School of Business

During my time at York, I have been able to accomplish innovative and important work in Software Engineering through theoretical knowledge, the chance to participate in the York Engineering Competition, experiential learning opportunities and much more.

— Greatlove Bariboloka, Software Engineering

The first step will always be the most difficult step. Some people may be shy to find a community and make friends, but if you don’t try, you won't know what’s going to happen, what kind of person you can be and what you can achieve in the future.

— Haohan (Felix) Gao, Economics
 
York by the Numbers
About York
70
60%

of undergrad programs have a co-op option

5
Top 1

Best Comprehensive Universities
Maclean's Rankings 2025

92
65%

York graduates employed within 2 years

1
10st

in Quality Education in Canada
THE Impact Rankings 2025

Your journey starts here, with a community that moves you forward
Watch the Welcome Video
Explore your future campus

One university—three campuses. Located in Toronto, Canada, York University's Keele, Glendon and Markham campuses are where bold ideas take shape and lifelong connections are made.

Book a Tour
What’s happening at York U
Latest News
York Stories

DECEMBER 17, 2025
Integrated Co-op & Career Centre transforms pathways for students, employers

DECEMBER 8, 2025
Glendon Hall: a century-old estate that shaped York University 

NOVEMBER 26, 2025
Schulich program empowers students, entrepreneurs to tackle global challenges

View All News

York U Views

Get a glimpse into campus events, student stories, and everything in between. Follow along for updates, inspiration, and what’s happening around #YorkU.

Follow on Instagram
Connect with York University
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube
TikTok
X
Keele, Glendon and Markham Campus
Contact
(416) 736-2100
Campus Maps
Community Safety
Privacy & Legal
Accessibility
Careers