Scaling up: Strategies to scale advertising for live OTT events

Download now

Product
Case Studies
Resources
Dev Tools
About us
Contact
LIVE

|

START OVER

|

VOD
We are the dynamic
ad insertion company
25

years in broadcast, media, telco

10+

years of experience in production SSAI

2,000+

channels
under management

8bn

ads stitched every month

A seamless streaming experience.

Stitching ads into the stream server-side will give your commercial breaks a seamless TV-like user experience but with the ads you select for each individual.

Trusted by the world's most successful broadcasters.

As pioneers of SGAI and SSAI, we are the most experienced team in the world with the most capable platform. This is why we are trusted by the world's biggest broadcasters.

Futureproof your streaming workflow.

SGAI and SSAI acts as crucial middleware between the user and key components of your monetisation ecosystem protecting user privacy and facilitating device reach.


Measure

While advertising is stitched server-side our SDKs offer best in class measurement.

Scale

We consistently deliver to massive audiences for the world's biggest broadcasters.

Integration

Our platform is designed to offer full operating transparency.

Support

DAI being our only focus allows us to offer a support that is second to none.

Trusted by the biggest names in broadcast
10+

years of experience in production SSAI

2,000+

channels under management

40+

tier 1 broadcaster
customers

5

continents

"We always can rely on the great support from Yospace.”

Frank Heineberg

RTL

"Yospace's ability to support ad insertion in MPEG-DASH really set them apart for us.”

Håkan Åhman

TV4 Group

“At times we had triple our forecast number of viewers, but the system scaled up without problems.”

Rémi Brunier

STV

"With Yospace’s help, we’ve achieved our highest ever technical fill-rate."

Matthew Van Houten

DIRECTV

“Yospace’s huge experience and many customer implementations made it the obvious choice for TV 2 Play.”

Roy Kenneth Venjum

TV 2 Norway

“Yospace has been instrumental in helping build our digital revenue operations over the last decade.”

Barry John

CHANNEL 4

“TV4 delivered its best financial result in terms of turnover and profitability in the history of the company.”

Mathias Berg

TV4 Group

“Yospace opened up a whole new body of inventory which was otherwise inaccessible.”

Jahn Erdogan

Seven West Media

Case Studies
Maximising fill-rates for live sports
Advanced data strategy
First UK broadcaster with live SSAI
16 streams for the Australian Open
Latest Updates
3 minutes with… Andy Bell at Channel 4

Channel 4’s Andy Bell joins Yospace at IBC 2025 to discuss the evolution of video streaming, dynamic ad replacement, viewer experience, and the future of OTT monetisation.

Yospace achieves breakthrough in low latency using new server-guided ad insertion standard

Yospace achieves breakthrough in low latency using new server-guided ad insertion standard First case of MPEG-DASH Events powering SGAI for glass to glass latency of sub-5 seconds

Scaling Up: Strategies to scale addressable advertising for live events in an all-streaming world

This paper explores how technological advancements in ad delivery, including in SSAI and SGAI stitching technology, and targeting are essential to meeting the demands of both viewers and advertisers in a rapidly evolving digital media landscape.

Proven integration with industry leaders
Product
Live Streaming
Single Live Events
VOD Streaming
Customers
Case Studies
Resources
News
Blog
Insights
Dev Tools
Company
About us
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
© 2025 Yospace Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved