Building the world's trusted identity platform • Yoti Talk to sales Technologies Identity Verification Verified customers without the hassle Digital ID Wallets The digital ID app for consumers Age Verification Age checks in seconds Facial Age Estimation Selfie-driven age checks eSignatures Secure and simple eSignatures MyFace® AI Services Protect against fraudsters Authentication The right security for every scenario Solutions Adult Content Age Verification Privacy preserving age assurance Trust and Safety Compliant moderation and safeguarding Retail – Online and In-store Customers can prove their age on their own Contracts and Agreements Advanced signing with verified identity Right to Rent Digital right to rent checks Right to Work Digital right to work checks KYC and AML Protect your business from financial crime Fraud Detection Comprehensive anti-fraud measures Gen AI and Attack Prevention Prevent AI and bot attacks and protect users Onboarding and Access Management Verify and authenticate users Verified Calls Know who you’re really talking to Yoti ID app For individuals Yoti ID app Prove your age at UK cinemas Yoti ID as your password manager For businesses Digital ID wallets Reusable digital ID and credentials Company About us About us Social purpose Our Digital Identity Toolkit Ethical framework Governance Yoti Foundation Patents Work with us Partnerships Charities Careers Resources Discover Blog Press Case studies Try our solutions Integrations Developers Documentation Service status Support For businesses For individuals Talk to sales Business login Yoti Hub Yoti Portal Yoti Sign Verified Calls Beat fraud. Be compliant. Verify faster. All the customer verification solutions you need to comply with regulations in one platform. Yoti is a pioneer in reusable Digital ID wallets and is a market leader in age assurance technology. We have world class automated document verification with anti-spoofing, deepfake protection and expert human review when required. Talk to Sales How Yoti can help your business beat fraud and build trust Identity verification Meet compliance and speed up customer verification processes with automated document verification combined with expert human review to achieve higher success rates. Find out more Identity Verification Find out more Identity Verification Find out more Identity Verification Age checks Offer your customers privacy-preserving ways to prove their age, including our market-leading facial age estimation technology and seven alternative checks in one integration, providing highly effective age assurance. Find out more Age Verification Find out more Age Verification Find out more Age Verification Digital ID Connect with verified customers in seconds by accepting Yoti’s reusable Digital ID. Over 14 million installs globally. Find out more Digital ID Find out more Digital ID Find out more Digital ID eSignatures Get documents signed faster with Yoti’s legally accepted digital signatures from £0.40 per document. Find out more eSignatures Find out more eSignatures Find out more eSignatures Facial age estimation Age check customers in seconds with just a selfie. Our solution minimises bias across age and skin tones and has been independently tested. Find out more Facial Age Estimation Find out more Facial Age Estimation Find out more Facial Age Estimation MyFace® AI Services Our proprietary suite of AI services include NIST-evaluated passive liveness, facial recognition, as well as our patented SICAP injection attack detection tool. Find out more MyFace AI Services Find out more MyFace AI Services Find out more MyFace AI Services Over 10m checks every month 95 % Success rate 20m Digital ID wallet downloads Over 10m checks every month 95 % Success rate 20m Digital ID wallet downloads Over 10m checks every month 95 % Success rate 20m Digital ID wallet downloads How to get started with Yoti Web portal No integration required. Send and review identity check requests in seconds. Integrations Yoti is integrated into over 70 of the biggest SaaS products. Explore our integrations Developer hub Use our APIs and SDKs to build the solution that works for you. Easy to use with support available from our integrations team. Built with security and privacy as a priority Our systems are built in a way that means we cannot mine or sell data to third parties. Once we’ve completed our security checks, we can’t access any user details. We’re trusted by regulators for adhering to the highest standards of security. Building trust for market leaders Yoti excels in building robust verification solutions for regulated businesses and governments Giving Instagram new ways to verify age Instagram uses Yoti's facial age estimation technology as an option for people who need to prove they are over 18 on Instagram. Over 80% of people choose facial age estimation. Read more Blog: Helping instagram offer new ways to verify age Built Lloyds Bank Smart ID app Lloyds Bank asked Yoti to build them a privacy-preserving Digital ID app for their customers to help combat the growing risks of identity fraud, which is one of the biggest fraud threats to the UK public. Read more Digital ID Connect website Improving online safety and enhancing parental consent Yoti partnered with KWS and Epic Games to provide facial age estimation for their market-leading Verifiable Parental Consent (VPC) tool. Read more Blog: Yoti and Superawesome partnership Digitising the employment process for Sterling Yoti gives Sterling clients an exclusive, fully-integrated digital identity solution that streamlines and simplifies identity verification in their hiring processes. Read more Sterling case study Comprehensive identity solutions for the UK Yoti partnered with Post Office to create a unique solution that brings together a world-leading suite of online and in-person identity verification solutions for the UK market. Read more Yoti and Post Office Partnership Striving to do the right thing, from day one We were founded on a robust framework that ensures we continue to drive the development of ethical technology. We work with regulators around the world to inform and progress vital standards to make the internet a safer place for everyone. As a certified B Corp, we aim to place equal value on people, planet, purpose and profit. From the start, we’ve been committed to a transparent, honest and inclusive approach to making identity accessible to everyone. Latest news Articles October 31, 2025 Italy’s new age verification regulation for online platforms In May 2025, AGCOM, Italy’s Communications authority, adopted Resolution No. 96/25/CONS, which formally approves the rules for online age verification of users accessing adult content. Similar to the UK’s OFCOM and France’s ARCOM regulators, AGCOM requires websites with pornographic content to implement robust age verification checks for users to ensure they are over 18. All three regulations are designed to protect minors from accessing age restricted content.  Italy’s AGCOM has specified two important requirements: Checks must be double blind – that is, age verification providers cannot see what platform is submitting the check, and the platform cannot see any #age assurance #regulation Matt Prendergast 2 min read Articles October 30, 2025 Yoti’s latest MyFace model re-certified with a perfect score for NIST Level 1 and Level 2 liveness detection We are delighted to announce the results of the most recent testing of our latest liveness technology, MyFace. Working with iBeta, a NIST certified testing lab, Yoti’s latest liveness detection model was tested to be compliant with ISO/IEC 30107-3 standards. For both NIST level 1 and level 2, Yoti MyFace achieved: 100% detection of attack (0% false positives) 100% approval for genuine presentations (0% false negatives) NIST provides a framework for testing performance levels of liveness detection. Yoti’s passive liveness technology does not require any action from the user and works from a single selfie. Users do not need #myface ai #news Matt Prendergast 2 min read Articles September 19, 2025 Digital IDs are already here and working The conversation around digital IDs in the UK is gaining pace. The government is exploring the introduction of a mandatory national digital ID, with some even pushing for physical national ID cards. The upcoming GOV.UK Wallet app will enable over 40 million drivers and over 50 million passport holders to store government-issued credentials.  Whilst this is generating debate, it’s important to recognise that the UK already has a secure, privacy-focused digital ID system in place. This is with the Digital Identity and Attributes Trust Framework, known also as DIATF.  This framework isn’t a competing model to the government’s digital #digital id #yoti Yoti 6 min read © Yoti Ltd. 2025 Download Yoti ID TECHNOLOGIES Identity Verification Digital ID Wallets Age Verification Facial Age Estimation eSignatures Authentication MyFace® AI Services COMPANY About us Press Patents Governance Careers SUPPORT Help Contact us Service Status Imprint Security Yoti is a digital identity company that makes it safer for people to prove who they are. We started by empowering people with a free, reusable digital ID app that minimises the data they share with businesses. We now provide verification solutions across the globe, spanning identity verification, age verification, eSigning and authentication. UK Australia Canada India US New Zealand Yoti Ltd, 6th Floor, 107 Leadenhall St, London, EC3A 4AF Company registration number: 08998951 Yoti Australia Pty Ltd, The Hub Southern Cross, L2 696 Bourke Street, Melbourne, 3000, Victoria Company registration number: ABN 49 634 795 841 Yoti Ltd, Pacific Centre, 725, Granville St Suite 400, Vancouver, BC, V7Y 1G5, Canada Yoti Ltd, 183 Gayatri Tech Park, Whitefield Road, Bangalore, India Phone: 080 3136 8109 Company registration number: U74999KA2016FTC130649 Yoti Ltd, 345 Grove St, Floor 2, San Francisco, CA 94102, USA Company registration number: C4047096 Yoti Ltd, Suite 12949, 17B Farnham Street, Parnell, Auckland, 1052 Company registration number: 7915816 Privacy Terms and Conditions Cookies Settings Cookie Notice Modern Slavery Statement Accessibility Statement