Mobile In-App Advertising - App Retargeting Company - YouAppi Grow Your Business Mobile App
                                    Retargeting CTV UA & Retargeting About Our Approach YouAppi Team Appi News Contact Us Careers Support FAQ Resources Case Studies Blog Latest Appi Camper Company News Industry News Insights Product & Operations Appi Camper Contact Us Log In Advertisers Publishers Make
                                    a
                                    valuable mobile connection. YouAppi DSP can get you 2.5x in uplift by
                                    connecting
                                    people to apps and retaining engaged mobile users. Talk
                                    to
                                    an
                                    Expert Mobile In-App Advertising, Retargeting Company Make a lasting impression,
                                the
                                first time and the second time around. YouAppi's programmatic mobile app
                                retargeting
                                products puts your app where you want it - top of mind. A holistic marketing
                                funnel
                                approach activates valuable users, keeping them engaged, growing your app
                                revenue. For every app, our retargeting DSP offers a
                                tailored approach with flexible integrations, optimizations, and transparent
                                reporting going beyond downloads. Learn
                                More Recognized. Certified
                                performance to help our clients win with Re-Engagement Campaigns. Mobile In-App Advertising & Retargeting Change the way the game is
                                played YouAppi's in-app advertising engages
                                valuable
                                users and reactivates recent installs, increases engagements, and re-engages
                                dormant
                                users to grow your app revenue. We offer a tailored approach with flexible
                                integrations, optimizations, and transparent reporting going beyond downloads. Our approach to mobile in-app advertising
                                allows you to be proactive at the awareness stage, before users become inactive,
                                to
                                increase user loyalty and brand recognition with YouAppi. Continue to meet your
                                mobile in-app advertising app growth targets with our retargeting services. 88% Viewability 88% Completion rate 200k+ Installs in 4 months 30% Increase in daily installs for Spotlite Media +30% Increase in Sam's Club purchase within 3 months of the
                                start
                                of the campaign Connect with us to connect with
                        them. Talk to an
                        Expert Customer focused, users engaged. Trustworthy. Dependable. Tech Heavy. We are your friends in mobile advertising. We have your back
                            and
                            are always thinking of ways to innovate mobile in-app advertising. We are your
                            partners,
                            sticking by your side and helping you along the way. What our mobile in-app advertising clients
                            are
                            saying: The YouAppi team delivered exceptional value with their interactive ad formats.The performance of Appi Templates
                                                      exceeded our expectations and played a critical role in helping us re-engage our most valuable users. Liudmyla Yefanova Marketing Producer VIZOR Visit Case
                                                        Studies YouAppi’s Strategic Data Solution was a game-changer in providing actionable insights with full transparency.
                                                      YouAppi’s advanced retargeting capabilities and real-time data analytics helped us maximize conversions and optimize 
                                                      spend efficiency. Their in-house Appi Templates significantly enhanced our engagement rates.The dedicated support team 
                                                      was proactive in offering solutions, making campaign execution seamless. Maria Kalinik Senior Programmatic Manager Murka Games Visit Case
                                                        Studies YouAppi’s ability to adapt strategies across event-driven
                                                      and evergreen campaigns made them a critical partner in
                                                      our growth journey. Their precision targeting and
                                                      consistent performance speak for themselves. Krishnan Menon SVP, Growth Marketing Fetch Visit Case
                                                        Studies Sophisticated audience segmentation is what gives mobile
                                                        games the greater upside. We have seen a very material
                                                        D30
                                                        increase due to our retargeting campaigns. Ian Masterson Associate Growth Marketing
                                                        Manager TiltingPoint Visit Case
                                                        Studies We are excited to work with YouAppi and their customers
                                                        on
                                                        the Vungle mobile performance marketing platform. The
                                                        Vungle SDK is battle-tested and allows publishers to
                                                        create
                                                        experiences that keep customers engaged longer, drive
                                                        more
                                                        conversions, and earn more revenue. We're delighted to
                                                        fulfill this goal alongside YouAppi. Michael Deignan Global Head of Platform
                                                        Partnerships Vungle Visit Case
                                                        Studies We expect that the brand value of WEMIX will further
                                                        improve
                                                        through this strategic partnership with the global
                                                        marketing
                                                        company, YouAppi. Jang Hyun-guk CEO WeMade Visit Case
                                                        Studies Our experience with YouAppi has been outstanding across
                                                        all
                                                        aspects - from their remarkable performance and
                                                        proficiency
                                                        to the wonderful people and team we've had the pleasure
                                                        of
                                                        working with. Noa Bahar Plarium Visit Case
                                                        Studies YouAppi has outperforming results, especially with iOS. Lena Ovadia Huuuge Visit Case
                                                        Studies YouAppi has been a longstanding partner of Angi and has
                                                        demonstrated a deep understanding of our brand, goals,
                                                        and
                                                        target audience over the past four plus years of working
                                                        together. They have gone above and beyond to ensure that
                                                        every aspect of our retargeting campaigns aligns with
                                                        our
                                                        brand identity, resulting in a cohesive and impactful
                                                        message. Additionally, their platform is very
                                                        impressive,
                                                        the level of detail in UI is exceptional. Brandon Koslow Senior Manager, Consumer App
                                                        Marketing Angi Visit Case
                                                        Studies Working for you. Trusted by the world's biggest
                            brands. Make your app matter Get started today and find out what you can accomplish with the power of YouAppi, a retargeting company. Talk to an Expert Follow us on: info@youappi.com About Appi
                                            News Contact
                                            Us Careers Support FAQ Grow
                                            Your Business Mobile
                                            App Retargeting Resources Case
                                            Studies Blog Appi
                                            Camper Company
                                            News Industry
                                            News Insights Product Get the Appi Newsletter in your
                                        inbox. Free. ©
                                        2025 YouAppi. All rights reserved. 228
                                        Hamilton Avenue, 3rd Floor, Palo Alto, CA 94301 Privacy
                                            Policy Terms of
                                            Use Accessibility Advertisers T&C Publishers T&C HTML
                                            Sitemap XML
                                            Sitemap