Grow Your Business 
About 
Resources 
Blog 
Appi Camper
Contact Us
 English
Log In 
Make a valuable mobile connection.

YouAppi DSP can get you 2.5x in uplift by connecting people to apps and retaining engaged mobile users.

TALK TO AN EXPERT

Mobile In-App Advertising, Retargeting Company

Make a lasting impression, the first time and the second time around.

YouAppi's programmatic mobile app retargeting products puts your app where you want it - top of mind. A holistic marketing funnel approach activates valuable users, keeping them engaged, growing your app revenue.

For every app, our retargeting DSP offers a tailored approach with flexible integrations, optimizations, and transparent reporting going beyond downloads.

LEARN MORE
Recognized. Certified performance to help our clients win with Re-Engagement Campaigns.

Mobile In-App Advertising & Retargeting

Change the way the game is played

YouAppi's in-app advertising engages valuable users and reactivates recent installs, increases engagements, and re-engages dormant users to grow your app revenue. We offer a tailored approach with flexible integrations, optimizations, and transparent reporting going beyond downloads.

Our approach to mobile in-app advertising allows you to be proactive at the awareness stage, before users become inactive, to increase user loyalty and brand recognition with YouAppi. Continue to meet your mobile in-app advertising app growth targets with our retargeting services.

88%
Viewability
88%
Completion rate
200k+
Installs in 4 months
30%
Increase in daily installs for Spotlite Media
+30%
Increase in Sam's Club purchase within 3 months of the start of the campaign
Connect with us to connect with them.
TALK TO AN EXPERT
Customer focused, users engaged.
Trustworthy. Dependable. Tech Heavy.

We are your friends in mobile advertising. We have your back and are always thinking of ways to innovate mobile in-app advertising. We are your partners, sticking by your side and helping you along the way.

What our mobile in-app advertising clients are saying:

The YouAppi team delivered exceptional value with their interactive ad formats.The performance of Appi Templates exceeded our expectations and played a critical role in helping us re-engage our most valuable users.

Liudmyla Yefanova
Marketing Producer
VIZOR
VISIT CASE STUDIES
Working for you. Trusted by the world's biggest brands.
Previous
Next
Make your app matter

Get started today and find out what you can accomplish with the power of YouAppi, a retargeting company.

TALK TO AN EXPERT
Follow us on:
info@youappi.com
About
Appi News
Contact Us
Careers
Support
FAQ
Grow Your Business
Mobile App Retargeting
Resources
Case Studies
Blog
Appi Camper
Company News
Industry News
Insights
Product
Get the Appi Newsletter in your inbox. Free.
© 2025 YouAppi. All rights reserved.
228 Hamilton Avenue, 3rd Floor, Palo Alto, CA 94301
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Advertisers T&C
Publishers T&C
HTML Sitemap
XML Sitemap