YouGov /Research Reality Skip to main content UK Australia France Germany Italy Spain Singapore United States Public Data Explore YouGov's freely accessible data Discover our public data, featuring a diverse range of survey results, articles, trackers and popularity rankings. From the latest political surveys to in-depth analysis, find out what the world thinks. Economy & business Entertainment, arts, & culture Health & science International Politics & current affairs Retail & consumer Society Sport Technology, digital & media Travel & transport All Topics Elections Discover Key Insights on the UK General Election 2024 The most timely, and relevant polling, trends and analysis on elections. Our senior political specialists apply their expertise to provide projections and keep you up to date. Australian Federal Elections 2025 Bundestagwahl 2025 U.S. Presidential Election 2024 Canadian Election 2025 UK General Election 2024 Voting Intention For Business Helping the world's most recognised brands, media owners and agencies Get intelligence from our ever-growing source of consumer data on 29 million+ registered panel members in 55+ markets. /Research Reality. Explore Surveys Self-serve Surveys Serviced Surveys Custom Research Plan Audience Intelligence NEW: Shopper intelligence FREE Profiles Lite Profiles Activate Campaign Activation Audience Data Track Brands & Campaigns FREE BrandIndex Lite BrandIndex Custom Trackers YouGov for Business Sign in Members I take surveys and earn points as a member of the YouGov panel. Sign in as a member Business I access YouGov products and services as a business. Sign in as a client Sign up Members Join millions of others in sharing your opinion on politics, sport and more. Sign up as a member Business Access audience intelligence, brand tracking and research about your sector. Sign up as a client Public Data Explore YouGov's freely accessible data Elections Discover Key Insights on the UK General Election 2024 For Business Helping the world's most recognised brands, media owners and agencies Sign in Sign up Public Data Explore YouGov's freely accessible data Discover our public data, featuring a diverse range of survey results, articles, trackers and popularity rankings. From the latest political surveys to in-depth analysis, find out what the world thinks. Economy & business Entertainment, arts, & culture Health & science International Politics & current affairs Retail & consumer Society Sport Technology, digital & media Travel & transport All Topics Elections Discover Key Insights on the UK General Election 2024 The most timely, and relevant polling, trends and analysis on elections. Our senior political specialists apply their expertise to provide projections and keep you up to date. Australian Federal Elections 2025 Bundestagwahl 2025 U.S. Presidential Election 2024 Canadian Election 2025 UK General Election 2024 Voting Intention For Business Helping the world's most recognised brands, media owners and agencies Get intelligence from our ever-growing source of consumer data on 29 million+ registered panel members in 55+ markets. /Research Reality. Explore Surveys Self-serve Surveys Serviced Surveys Custom Research Plan Audience Intelligence NEW: Shopper intelligence FREE Profiles Lite Profiles Activate Campaign Activation Audience Data Track Brands & Campaigns FREE BrandIndex Lite BrandIndex Custom Trackers YouGov for Business Sign in Members I take surveys and earn points as a member of the YouGov panel. Sign in as a member Business I access YouGov products and services as a business. Sign in as a client Sign up Members Join millions of others in sharing your opinion on politics, sport and more. Sign up as a member Business Access audience intelligence, brand tracking and research about your sector. Sign up as a client Find Trail hunting ban Voting intention Family Music Launch a survey Ukraine War Mariah Carey Animal Welfare New Year's resolutions Audience intelligence Shops and shopping Die Hard News tracker Alcohol Food Social media Brand tracking King Charles III Vegan Daily Chat Drag or scroll left for more categories Featured Entertainment Politics Society Consumer Travel Sport More... Britain's mood, measured weekly Government approval National and religious events Ranked by popularity in the UK 1 Christmas 80% 2 Remembrance Sunday 76% 3 Boxing Day 73% 4 Easter 71% 5 Shrove Tuesday 66% View full list What news stories did Britons hear most about in 2025? The Budget tops our list, although most of the top ten are international, rather than UK, news events What New Year’s resolutions are Britons making for 2026? Health-related pledges top the list Brigitte Bardot The 395th most popular and the 292nd most famous actor Fame 75% Popularity 41% Looking back, would you say 2025 has been a good or a bad year for *the UK*? And do you think 2026 will generally be a good or bad year for *the UK*? Trusted by the world YouGov solutions help the world's most recognized brands, media owners and agencies research reality, using the biggest, most connected proprietary panel. "...YouGov has a global reach and connected data capabilities which has enabled us to integrate their data at a respondent level into our data and tech platform, Converged, in markets around the world. " Dan Hagen Global Chief Data & Technology Officer, Havas Media Network London Case Study Bonnie Brittain Member of the Panel (US) Their surveys are thought-provoking and current. Not only do I give my opinion, but I learn something new. I enjoy their surveys. Their reward system is very good also. Testimonial “This was a great collaboration between MFUSE and YouGov. The speed with which the project was delivered was unprecedented and ensured we could deliver to a very tight client timetable." Neil Shah Partner of Digital Media and Technology at MFUSE Case Study Lisa Member of the Panel (US) YouGov surveys are interesting and informative. I have been a member for years and I enjoy participating in each survey that is conducted. Then to be able to redeem your points for gift cards is great! Testimonial How Allison+Partners used audience insights to inform TikTok’s campaign launch with YouGov RealTime Case Study YouGov “stands apart….Its data has been analyzed by third parties, used by academics, and found to outperform other nonprobability data.” Media quote from New York Times Rhonda Member of the Panel (US) I thoroughly enjoy the surveys. They are not biased at all. The questions lend to my belief that they truly want honest answers from all sides of the spectrum In order to get the most understandable and unbiased results. I appreciate that on a survey forum. Testimonial The YouGov-Cambridge Centre for Public Opinion Research is a joint research centre run by YouGov and the Cambridge University POLIS Department, which promotes in-depth collaboration between pollsters and academic experts. Partnership With YouGov’s rapid pre-test capabilities we are able to gain a valuable understanding of consumer sentiment so we can make data-informed, strategic marketing decisions before the ad launches on TV. Clare White Head of Marketing Communications Case Study “YouGov's brand tracking let us quickly, accurately and objectively show the positive brand impact that our FIFA World Cup advertising partners obtained.” Dan Urban Vice President of Ad Sales Research, FOX Sports Case Study "The best survey app ever" At the heart of YouGov is a global online community of 26 million people sharing their opinions daily. Our members say our surveys are interesting, our app is easy to use, they appreciate the rewards & love seeing their opinions reported around the world. Join the community Trustpilot COMPANY About Our team Our panel Methodology Careers Investor relations Support Contact us GLOBAL SITES Australia France Germany Italy Singapore Spain Switzerland United States COMPANY About Our team Our panel Methodology Careers Investor relations Support Contact us GLOBAL SITES Australia France Germany Italy Singapore Spain Switzerland United States Copyright © 2025  YouGov PLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy & cookie policy Terms and conditions Public data license Modern slavery act