Youngzsoft - Internet Connection Sharing Software Solution and Internet 
Email Server Solutions Home | Products List | Download | Purchase | Support | What's News | About Us | CCProxy - Proxy Software and Internet Sharing Software Want to share Internet connection ? Get every computer online 
              through a single Internet connection? Maximize the efficiency of 
              your Internet access on a limited budget? Look no further! Get CCProxy, 
              a small Internet sharing software ! It will provide you a 
              cost-effective Internet sharing solution without losing ease of 
              use and peace of mind. As proxy server software , CCProxy is small, easy-to-use 
              and powerful. It lets you simultaneously connect all your computers 
              to the Internet through just one single Internet connection. You 
              can set up the Internet sharing in 10 minutes. Easy to install and 
              no reboot. CCProxy is powerful proxy software. It includes innovative 
              features like web cache, user 
              control , web filter, bandwidth control, parent proxy, remote 
              dialup, auto dialup and time schedule puts you in a complete control 
              of the Internet access. It also provides some advanced and interesting 
              functions. Whether for business or home network, CCProxy can well 
              accommodate your Internet sharing . CMailServer 
              - Email Server Software and Web Mail Server Software CMailServer, a small and easy to administer email server software and web mail server software , can help you build your 
              own email server for Win NT/2000/XP . It enables you to send 
              and receive email across the Internet or within your LAN. The ESMTP 
              authentication , ASP form web mail and multiple domain 
              names are supported. CMailServer offers an unlimited email users license at a reasonable 
              and affordable price compared to other email server software. For 
              those small to medium sized companies, CMailServer will be an economic 
              and effective solution to handle their e-mail management requirements. 
              CMailServer also is web mail server software and provides full web mail service . The web mail is based on ASP . 
              You can customize your web mail interface freely. Give it a try 
              and find out how easy it is to build an email server and web mail server for your own business. Get 
              MAC Address and Find MAC Address Tool CC Get MAC Address is a handy tool for finding MAC address 
              and computer name from IP address. You can use it to find MAC address 
              of a computer on LAN even out of your LAN range. It's based on Microsoft 
              NETBIOS technology. CC Get MAC Address also can be used to Wake 
              On LAN. You can use it wake up any computer on your LAN remotely. Get MAC address from IP address Get computer name from IP address Wake On LAN Auto scans MAC address of referred IP range - For networks administrator: you can download the CC Get MAC Address 
              application to monitor your networks. Online Submit: http://www.youngzsoft.net/support.htm Technical Support: [email protected] Sales Contact: [email protected] Youngzsoft provides Internet connection sharing software 
        solution and Internet email server solutions. ©2000- Youngzsoft all rights reserved. Youngzsoft 
      Home | Proxy 
      Server | Email 
      Server | Privacy Policy | Links | Site 
      Map |