YoungMinds | Mental Health Charity For Children And Young People  | YoungMinds Skip to main content Youngminds - fighting for young people's mental health Mental health support I am a young person My feelings Coping with life Mental health conditions Identity and mental health Medications Supporting a friend Real stories Your guide to support I need urgent help I am a parent A-Z mental health guide Getting support from mental health services How to talk to your child about mental health Looking after yourself Real stories from parents and carers My child needs urgent help Parents Helpline Support us Support us Browse our shop Donate Join the movement Volunteering at YoungMinds Fundraising Events Make a donation For professionals I work with young people Resources and advice Schools and teachers Community support Spotlight stories About us About YoungMinds Our strategy Our reports and impact Our team and Ambassadors Our partnerships and funders Media centre Contact us Careers Real stories Donate Search Open main navigation You are not alone However you're feeling right now, things can get better. And we're here to help. Find help and advice Donate Open guide menu Skip to guide menu Young people Parents Support us View shareable links Support over the winter break The YoungMinds office and our Parents Helpline will be closed from 25 December - 2 January. If you need support during this time, there are lots of helplines and services you can turn to. Find out how to get help below. Support for young people If you need someone to talk to directly, these services are available over the festive period: Childline If you’re under 19 you can confidentially call, chat online or email about any problem big or small. Sign up for a free Childline locker (real name or email address not needed) to use their free 1-2-1 counsellor chat and email support service. Can provide a BSL interpreter if you are deaf or hearing-impaired. Hosts online message boards where you can share your experiences, have fun and get support from other young people in similar situations. Opening times: 24/7 0800 11 11 Childline Shout Text SHOUT to 85258. Shout provides free, 24/7 text support for young people across the UK experiencing a mental health crisis. All texts are answered by trained volunteers, with support from experienced clinical supervisors. Texts are free from EE, O2, Vodafone, 3, Virgin Mobile, BT Mobile, GiffGaff, Tesco Mobile and Telecom Plus. Texts can be anonymous, but if the volunteer believes you are at immediate risk of harm, they may share your details with people who can provide support. Opening times: 24/7 Shout Samaritans Whatever you're going through, you can contact the Samaritans for support. N.B. This is a listening service and does not offer advice or intervention. Opening times: 24/7 116123 jo@samaritans.org Samaritans If it’s an emergency and you're worried you're unsafe, call the emergency services on 999 . You can also visit our urgent help page for advice on what to do in a crisis. I need urgent help Support for parents If you’re concerned about your child’s mental health and need urgent advice or support while our helpline is closed, visit our urgent help page for information on what to do in a crisis, who to contact, and when to seek immediate help. My child needs urgent help We are here for you Whether you want to understand how you’re feeling, find ways to feel better, or support someone who's struggling, we’re here to help. Guides for young people Guides for parents and carers Parents Helpline Tips for the winter months Hear from young people about what helps them through the winter, and from a parent about how they support their child during the festive period. Keeping well in winter: how shifting your mindset can help you cope Surviving the UK winter: A guide for international students How to stay motivated in the winter months Coping with an eating disorder during the festive period Winter comforts: How small routines can bring big joy Coping with festive anxiety: a parent's story Celebrating diverse stories We know that young people from marginalised communities are often left out of the mental health conversation. We want to change that. Here you'll find real and honest stories rooted in their experiences. Black Disabled stories Muslim stories Queer Disabled stories Latest guides and advice Check out our most recently updated guides and advice for young people, parents and carers. Guide for young carers Young person's guide to eating problems Parent's guide to exam time Frequently asked questions How can YoungMinds help me? Our website is full of advice and information to give young people the tools to look after their mental health. We empower parents and professionals to be the best support they can be to the young people in their lives. And we give young people the space and confidence to get their voices heard and change the world we live in. Together, we can create a world where no young person feels alone with their mental health. Find out more about our work and impact . What is mental health? We all have mental health, just like we all have physical health. It’s about how we think, feel and act. Sometimes we feel well, and sometimes we don’t. When our mental health is good, we feel motivated and able to take on challenges and new experiences. But when our mental health is not so good, we can find it much harder to cope. Find out more about mental health . How do I know if I have a 'mental health problem'? We all have good days and bad days, but when negative thoughts and feelings start to affect your daily life and stop you doing the things you enjoy, or your ability to feel okay, this means you need support with your mental health. For example, nearly everyone gets anxious before an exam, a job interview or a first date. But if you feel anxious all the time and this is stopping you from sleeping well or meeting up with friends, you might need help. Find out more about mental health conditions . Is YoungMinds part of CAMHS? No, we’re not part of Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (CAMHS). We're a charity that offers information and advice to young people, parents and carers. Check out our guide to support which covers how CAMHS work, how you can get help from CAMHS, what happens at an assessment, what your rights are and more. We do not offer one-to-one support for CAMHS assessments, treatments or complaints. If you're a parent or carer, find information about accessing CAMHS and other services on our getting support from mental health services page . Or contact our Parents Helpline for more advice. Find out more about CAMHS . How do you help parents? We help parents and carers who are worried about their child’s mental health with tips, information and advice online and through our Parents Helpline service. Use our parent helpfinder to find the right support for you. What support do you provide to adults working in the community? Whether you work at a youth club, coach a sports team, or run extra-curricular activities outside of school, we know the positive and crucial role you play in the lives of young people. We have information, tips and resources for you to feel confident when responding to a young person's wellbeing needs. Get updates directly to your inbox Join our fight for children and young people's mental health. Sign up to our monthly e-newsletter for campaign updates, mental health advice and opportunities to get involved. Keep in touch More ways to support us Give online Fundraise for us Join an event Browse our shop Back to top I am a young person I am a parent I am a professional Media centre Support us Donate Shop About us Careers at YoungMinds Contact us Find help https://www.linkedin.com/company/youngminds https://www.facebook.com/youngmindsuk/ https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBrcD2CYLBN8v9c7fxRqQAw https://www.instagram.com/youngmindsuk https://twitter.com/YoungMindsUK https://www.tiktok.com/@youngmindsuk Youngminds - fighting for young people's mental health Cookie Policy Privacy policy Our policies All rights reserved © 2021 - 2025 Young Minds. We are a registered charity. Registered Charity Numbers 1016968 & SC039700 Registered with Fundraising Regulator (opens in new window) Helplines Partnership (opens in new window) M&S partnership (opens in new window) Paul Hamlyn Foundation partnership (opens in new window) cyber-skills-essentials-plus-certificate (opens in new window) Website by Element78 (opens in new window) Close this dialog window Youngminds - fighting for young people's mental health Menu Mental health support I am a young person Mental health support My feelings Coping with life Mental health conditions Identity and mental health Medications Supporting a friend Real stories Your guide to support I need urgent help I am a parent Mental health support A-Z mental health guide Getting support from mental health services How to talk to your child about mental health Looking after yourself Real stories from parents and carers My child needs urgent help Parents Helpline Support us Support us Browse our shop Donate Join the movement Volunteering at YoungMinds Fundraising Events Make a donation For professionals I work with young people Resources and advice Schools and teachers Community support Spotlight stories About us About YoungMinds Our strategy Our reports and impact Our team and Ambassadors Our partnerships and funders Media centre Contact us Careers Real stories Find help and advice Donate Close this dialog window Youngminds - fighting for young people's mental health Let's get you where you need to go Find the help and advice you need. You are not alone. Which best describes you? I am a young person I am a parent I work with young people Close this dialog window Youngminds - fighting for young people's mental health Search YoungMinds Enter some text to search the site: Search Popular searches Anxiety Anger CAMHS Counselling and therapy Self-harm Close this dialog window Youngminds - fighting for young people's mental health Let's get you where you need to go Find the help and advice you need. You are not alone. Which best describes you? I am a young person I am a parent I work with young people Close this dialog window Share this page Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on linkedin Share by email