S3 storage solution: Object Storage by Hetzner Close Server Auction from 29 33 Server Finder from 37.3 42 Dedicated EX-Line from 39 44 AX-Line from 37.3 42 RX-Line SX-Line from 104 116 GPU-Line from 184 205 BRANDS from 209 233 Cloud Web & Managed Web Hosting from 1.6 2 Managed Server from 34 38 Colocation Storage Object Storage Storage Box from 3.2 4 Storage Share from 4.29 5 Services Load Balancer from 5.39 5.99 Domain check from 4.9 6 DNS Management free of charge Registration Robot from 3.28 4 SSL Certificate from 32 36 Custom Solutions on demand Jobs Community About us Company Pressroom Our customers Career Legal Support Login Console Robot konsoleH DNS THIS WEBSITE USES COOKIES We want you to have the best possible user experience on our website. We use cookies to analyze how visitors like you use our website, so we can make improvements. And we use cookies to make sure that the website functions normally. For more info, see our privacy policy . You can edit your cookie settings there at any time. Allow all cookies Allow necessary cookies × Choose your location settings Language Deutsch English Currency € EUR $ USD Country (VAT) Country (VAT) All others Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Ukraine United Kingdom USA Save settings We noticed you're browsing from a different part of the world. Switch to settings tailored to your location? yes Community Jobs About us Company Pressroom Our customers Career Legal Support Login Console Robot konsoleH DNS Dedicated Cloud Web & Managed Colocation Storage Services Server Auction from 29 33 Server Finder from 37.3 42 EX-Line from 39 44 AX-Line from 37.3 42 RX-Line SX-Line from 104 116 GPU-Line from 184 205 BRANDS from 209 233 Server Auction from 29 33 Prices drop & excitement mounts. Place bids in our Server Auction! Server Finder from 37.3 42 Configure the server of your dreams. In seconds. EX-Line Server from 39 44 Get your own dedicated server at an unbeatable price AX-Line Server from 37.3 42 Brand new AMD processors RX-Line Servers Exceptional performance thanks to Arm64-based architecture SX-Line Server from 104 116 Storage and protection for your sensitive data Dedicated GPU Server from 184 205 Powerful and cost-efficient servers for AI workload. BRAND SERVER from 209 233 Brand name hardware from Dell Web Hosting from 1.6 2 Managed Server from 34 38 Web Hosting from 1.6 2 Prices for beginners and businesses Managed Servers from 34 38 We‘ll take care of the technical stuff. Object Storage from 4.99 5.99 Storage Box from 3.2 4 Storage Share from 4.29 5 Object Storage from 4.99 5.99 S3-compatible and scalable storage solution. Storage Box from 3.2 4 Self-managed online storage. Available everywhere and at any time. Storage Share from 4.29 5 Easily store and share files. Load Balancer from 5.39 5.99 Domain check from 4.9 6 DNS Management free of charge Registration Robot from 3.28 4 SSL Certificate from 32 36 Custom Solutions on demand Load Balancer from 5.39 5.99 Next level application scaling. Domain check from 4.9 6 Your address – unique and memorable DNS Management free of charge Easy to use DNS management platform. List, add, modify or remove zones and records Registration Robot from 3.28 4 In a hurry? No problem! Register domains yourself. SSL Certificate from 32 36 Build more trust! Secure data transfers Custom Solutions on demand Get the tailored setup and hardware you need. OBJECT STORAGE OBJECT STORAGE THAT GROWS WITH YOUR NEEDS GDPR-compliant S3-compatible Scalable Manage data simply and efficiently Object Storage is the S3-compatible storage solution that grows with your data requirements – secure, flexible and accessible via API. Whether for backups, multimedia or big data, Object Storage offers the ideal solution for managing data-intensive workloads. In contrast to conventional storage solutions, data is organized as objects consisting of the data itself, the metadata and a unique ID. This structure makes it easy to manage the data, search through it and organize it, and is particularly suitable for large, unstructured amounts of data. You can create up to 100 buckets, 100TB each. Object Storage scales with your needs 4. 5. 99 99 monthly Storage additional storage 4.99 5.99 /TB Traffic additional outgoing traffic 1.00 1.20 /TB Start your project NBG1 FSN1 HEL1 Easy Access Objects are accessible from anywhere Durable Data is stored securely and for long periods of time Scalable Customizable and individually expandable storage capacity Object locking Lock objects against deletion or overwriting Data protection Optional server-side encryption of data Pre-signed URLs Provides time-limited, secure access Object versioning Saves and manages previous versions Object expiry Deletes objects automatically after expiration date Show all benefits Show less benefits “ ” I waited a very long time for S3-compatible object storage so that we could also move this part of our infrastructure to Hetzner. Everything works without any problems. Thanks to the whole team for their good work. Daniel Kämmerling , CEO Codappix “ ” I am fully satisfied with the product. I use it to automatically back up various shares of my Synology NAS via HyperBackup. It’s great that I no longer have to rely on other providers for this, but can now also book S3 storage with Hetzner. Björn Max Wagener “ ” Great job guys. Very nice product to add to the Hetzner portfolio. Very good performance as well. Maxime Huylebroeck , MiniKraken The solution for your requirements Object Storage is a versatile solution and adapts flexibly to your individual requirements. Discover possible use cases for Object Storage. Backup Archiving Big data analytics Application Digital Asset Management Backup and restore Object Storage integrates seamlessly with backup software. The ability to lock objects ensures that all stored data remains in its original state. Data cannot be deleted and is not susceptible to ransomware attacks. Backups cannot be read or restored by unauthorized users thanks to server-side encryption. Archiving Object storage is a cost-effective way of backing up data for the long term. This is particularly important for various situations, such as compliance with legal regulations, historical references or for future analyses. Big data analytics Processing huge data sets for big data processing frameworks such as Hadoop or Spark is made possible by object storage. This allows efficient analyses to be created and insights to be gained. Cloud-native application storage Object Storage provides a scalable backend for modern cloud-native applications that use the S3 API for development and deployment. It meets the requirements of dynamic applications with high availability and flexibility. Digital Asset Management Object Storage is ideal for handling digital content. The data can be stored securely and can be retrieved easily from any location. Applications for sharing photos or files or social media applications, for example, benefit from this. Start your Project and scale as you grow Benefit from flexibility and performance for a wide range of use cases and growing data volumes per TB 4.99 5.99 Create Bucket Migrate data from another provider to Hetzner Docs Migrate partition from another provider to Hetzner Docs Getting started: Creating a server Docs Maximum GDPR-compliant data security As a data center operator and hosting provider headquartered in Germany, data protection is a top priority at Hetzner. Thanks to our strict compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), our customers benefit from the highest security standards. They guarantee both the protection of personal data and legally compliant processing. Made in Germany Hosted GDPR compliant Frequently asked questions What locations will Object Storage be available? Currently, Object Storage is available in the following locations: Falkenstein, DE (FSN1), Helsinki, FI (HEL1), and Nuremberg, DE (NBG1). How much storage do I get? You can create up to 100 Buckets. Each Bucket can store up to 100 TB of data and up to 50 million objects. What is the pricing structure for Object Storage? We charge a base price of €4.99 5.99 per month (excluding VAT) for using Object Storage. This base price includes 1 TB of storage (up to 744 TB-hours) and 1 TB of egress traffic. Storage and traffic that exceed the included quota are charged on a pay-as-you-go basis. What does “pay-as-you-go” mean in this billing model? The pay-as-you-go billing model means you only pay for what you use. You are charged a base price per hour for using Object Storage. You are billed for each hour that you have at least one active Bucket, even if it’s empty. Your usage is calculated by the hour in terms of both storage and traffic. If your usage exceeds the included quota, you are billed for the excess. How is the base price billed? The base price is billed hourly at € 0.0081 / $ 0.0096 per hour (capped at € 4.99 € / $ 5.99 per month). You are billed for each hour that you have at least one active Bucket, even if it’s empty. What traffic is free of charge? The following types of traffic are free of charge: Ingress traffic (data uploaded to the storage). Internal traffic within the eu-central network zone. S3 API calls such as PUT, GET, or DELETE requests. Can I carry over unused included quota to the next month? No, any unused included quota expires at the end of the month and cannot be carried over. What happens if I exceed the included quota? If your storage or egress traffic exceeds the included quota, additional charges will apply (All prices are exclusive of VAT): Storage: € 0.0067 / $ 0.0080 per TB-hour. Egress traffic: € 1.00 / $ 1.20 per TB. Storage and traffic are billed with an accuracy of four decimal places (e.g. 1.2345 TB) Is the included storage and traffic quota per Bucket? No, the included quota applies to the total storage and traffic across all Buckets in your account. How is storage consumption measured? Storage is measured in TB-hours (TB-h), which reflects both the amount of data stored and the duration it is stored for. For example: Storing 1 TB for 1 hour equals 1 TB-h. Storing 10 TB for 5 hours equals 50 TB-h. Storing 1 TB in the first hour and 4 TB in the second hour equals 5 TB-h. Your total TB-hours for the month are compared to your accumulated quota. What is the cost of storing very small objects (less than 64 KB)? If you are using Object Storage to store objects smaller than 64 kilobytes (KB), you should be aware that our minimum object size for billing purposes is 64 KB. You can store objects smaller than 64 KB in Object Storage, but if you store (for example) a 10 KB object, you will be charged as if it were a 64 KB object. Let us know more about your requirements for Object Storage? Which object storage features are necessary for you? For which use case do you want to use Object Storage? How much storage space do you need? Choose option < 1 TB 1 TB - 5 TB 5 TB - 10 TB 10 TB - 100 TB 100 TB - 500 TB > 500 TB How many simultaneous connections do you expect? Choose option < 10 10 - 100 100 - 1000 1000 - 10000 > 10000 How much incoming and outgoing bandwidth do you expect? Choose option < 1 Gbit/s 1 - 5 Gbit/s 5-10 Gbit/s > 10 Gbit/s Send requirements Thank you for participating in our poll! Unfortunately, something went wrong. Please try again at a later time. Why Hetzner? We are Hetzner Hetzner Online, with hundreds of thousands of servers in operation, is one of the largest data center operators in Europe. Since its founding in 1997, Hetzner has provided private and business customers with powerful hosting products and reliable IT infrastructure. By combining its strengths in innovative technology, attractive prices, expert support, and flexible customer service, Hetzner has expanded its market both within and outside Germany and Europe. GDPR-compliant Data protection in accordance with German standards Sustainability Energy-efficient and resource-saving Transparency Clear processes with no hidden costs Price-performance High quality at fair and attractive prices Subscribe to our Newsletter Hetzner Company Our Customers Sustainability Career Pressroom Support Support Center Contact Downloads Hetzner Docs Status Legal Legal notice Data privacy System policies Terms and conditions Digital Services Act Abuse form © 2025
    Hetzner Online GmbH. All Rights Reserved.
    
        Prices