CLOSE 
SERVER AUCTION
from€ 29.00
SERVER FINDER
from€ 37.30
DEDICATED 
CLOUD
WEB & MANAGED 
COLOCATION
STORAGE 
SERVICES 
JOBS
COMMUNITY
ABOUT US 
SUPPORT
LOGIN 
THIS WEBSITE USES COOKIES
We want you to have the best possible user experience on our website. We use cookies to analyze how visitors like you use our website, so we can make improvements. And we use cookies to make sure that the website functions normally. For more info, see our privacy policy. You can edit your cookie settings there at any time.
Allow all cookies
Allow necessary cookies
We noticed you're browsing from a different part of the world. Switch to settings tailored to your location?
yes
Community
Jobs
About us
 Support
Login
Dedicated 
Cloud
Web & Managed 
Colocation
Storage 
Services 
STORAGE SHARE: MANAGED NEXTCLOUD
SAFE AND CHEAP
CLOUD STORAGE

Collaborate with others and share and secure all your documents, images, and more – all in one place.

Overview
Prices
Features
FAQ
Sign up
SIMPLE

Get started right away, no matter where you are. Set up your Storage Share with just a few clicks and no technical know-how. Save, edit and share your documents, pictures and music easily via any PC, tablet or smartphone. We'll take care of the administration.

SAFE

Maintain control over your data, which we store in our own German and GDPR-compliant data centers. Storage Share includes an SSL certificate for your own domain in the format nx*.your-storageshare.de and for your custom subdomains.

INDIVIDUAL

Create user groups, define individual quotas for single users and share files privately or publicly. Use pre-installed apps like Contacts, Calendar and Tasks or add more apps.

Sign up now 
STORAGE SHARE

Powered by Nextcloud. Easily store and share files.
No minimum contract period. No cancellation period.

NX11
429max/mo.
€ 0.0069
/hr
Storage
1 TB
Subdomain
3
Users
∞
Simultaneous Connections
50
FSN1
NX21
1419max/mo.
€ 0.0227
/hr
Storage
5 TB
Subdomain
7
Users
∞
Simultaneous Connections
100
FSN1
NX31
2739max/mo.
€ 0.0439
/hr
Storage
10 TB
Subdomain
10
Users
∞
Simultaneous Connections
200
FSN1
Get started 

FEATURES
TRAFFIC

Storage Shares have unlimited internal and external traffic, so you'll have no problem uploading and downloading all your data to and from your Storage Share.

BACKUPS

You can rest assured that your data is safe. Hetzner's RAID-based storage backend and our cluster network of databases make the probability of failure very low. In addition, Hetzner's system automatically makes backups of the database and storage backend several times every day.

SHARING

Use Storage Share with an unlimited number of users and summarise them in user groups. Easily share documents within the team or with other Storage Share or Nextcloud instances.

FLEXIBLE ACCESS

Our Storage Shares include a user-friendly web interface. Users always connect to it via HTTPS. Or you can use the Nextcloud apps for iOS and Android, or the desktop apps for Windows, Mac, and Linux to access your Storage Share. And WebDAV lets you automate your access to it.

CUSTOMIZABLE

It's easy to customize your Storage Shares with apps available in the Nextcloud Appstore to meet your specific needs. For example, you can integrate your own authentication systems. Additional apps must be carried out independently, we cannot offer support for this.

SCALABILITY

Stay flexible with your Storage Share. Regardless of how your requirements change over time, you can upgrade or downgrade your Storage Share in a few quick steps and without worrying about data loss. Simply switch between the Storage Share package size you need by going to your account on the konsoleH, and then to "Account type".

QUICK CONFIGURATION

The setup for Storage Shares is a snap using either the app or the web front end. And the synchronization client will enable you to automatically synchronize your files from local devices with your Storage Share.

HIGH AVAILABILITY

Our team of technicians takes care of the administration of your Storage Shares for you. Our highly optimized and automated systems monitor them around the clock and install the latest updates.

DATA PROTECTION

Your Storage Share will be hosted in our own data center in Falkenstein, Germany. We guarantee that its operation complies with EU's data protection regulations (GDPR). You can also generate a data processing agreement (DPA) that complies with article 28 of the GDPR on konsoleH.

Go to the deals 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
 How do we keep your data secure with Storage Share?
 What does the "unlimited" storage quota setting mean?
 Can I use Storage Share with my smartphone?
 Can I share my data with another user on a different server?
 Can Hetzner add the feature "x"?
 Can I use domains besides "nx*.your-storageshare.de"?
 How can I create backups?
More FAQs 
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Hetzner
Company
Our Customers
Sustainability
Career
Pressroom
Support
Support Center
Contact
Downloads
Hetzner Docs
Status
Legal
Legal notice
Data privacy
System policies
Terms and conditions
Digital Services Act
Abuse form
© 2025 Hetzner Online GmbH. All Rights Reserved. Prices 