About the Program
Program Framework
DAAC Principles
Accountability
FAQ
News
Join AdChoices
ParticipantsToolsAccountabilityCourseJoin Us
Join AdChoices
News
About the DAAC
 en|fr
What is 
Interest-Based Advertising?
All advertising seeks to show the right products to the right audience at the right time. 

Most online ads are not targeted to you as an individual but rather to data categories such as your probable demographics (age, gender), interests (automobiles, travel, shoes), location, websites visited and apps used.

Why am I seeing that blue icon? 
When you see the blue triangular icon in ads or on websites and apps, it is meant to alert and inform you that interest-based advertising data is being collected or used on that device.

AdChoices represents a company’s promise that you can control your ad targeting experience with them. Click or tap on the icon to discover more.



Participating Companies

Is your company interested in joining the program? Click here.

How Your 
Information is Used
Serving online ads based on predicted interests relies on recognizing cookies stored by web browsers, advertising IDs set on mobile devices, or token identifiers.

Over time, this information gathered by companies informs them how to show more relevant ads. For example, people who visit automotive websites might receive more ads for a particular model of car that interests them.

The Icon and 
How It Works
The AdChoices icon is there to inform you that data is being collected or used for interest-based advertising on your device by a company. 

AdChoices is not an advertising company itself. It is simply a notice that dozens of companies use to let you know that you can control the interest-based data flow companies use for ads by clicking or tapping on the blue icon to learn more or to opt out.

The AdChoices program is consistent with the requirements set out in Canadian privacy laws.

The Icon is 
Your Beacon
In Canada, you have privacy rights that companies need to adhere to - and that’s why you see the blue icon - it’s there to inform and empower you to take control.

Advertising fuels the internet's economy. In order to use the services we have come to expect from the web, such as social media, free email accounts, websites we visit, apps we use and more, these services need to be funded.

Advertising, like many other forms of media, funds these platforms. When ad targeting is done right, it's relevant and timely.

Managing 
What You Share
Through the AdChoices self-regulatory program, you can opt out of interest-based advertising and report any issues with it.

Companies engaging in any type of interest-based advertising practices online should be respecting your data privacy rights in Canada by providing you with notice about the collection of data for advertising purposes and the use of interest-based advertising when it’s happening. Companies must also give you the ability to opt out.



Visit our Choice Tools
Report a Complaint
Companies registered in the AdChoices self-regulatory program are held accountable. 

In Canada, complaints are accepted and addressed through the independent enforcement body, Ad Standards.



Learn More
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada

PO Box 97045, Toronto, Ontario, M6R 3B3

Associations of DAAC

Association of Canadian Advertisers
Association of Creative Communications Agencies
Canadian Marketing Association
Canadian Media Directors' Council
Institute of Canadian Agencies
Interactive Advertising Bureau of Canada


AdChoices is a self-regulatory program for online interest-based advertising, which helps to provide notice, transparency, and accountability from the advertising sector to consumers.

The Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC) is a federal not-for-profit association responsible for administering the AdChoices self-regulatory program in Canada.




The DAAC is the proud recipient of the 2024 PICCASO Award for Not for Profit Leadership in Canada

About DAAC
News
Legal
Privacy Policy
Political Ads Program
Associations de DAAC

Association canadienne des annonceurs
Association des agences de communication créative
Association canadienne du marketing                                Bureau de la publicité interactive du Canada
Canadian Media Directors' Council
Institut des agences canadiennes


Choix de pub est un programme d’autoréglementation de la publicité ciblée par centres d’intérêt en ligne visant à fournir aux consommateurs des avis, une transparence et une responsabilité de la part  du secteur de la publicité en ligne.

L’Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC) est un regroupement sans but lucratif d’associations professionnelles, chargé d’administrer le programme d’autoréglementation canadien Choix de pub.
 

La DAAC est la fière récipiendaire d’un prix  PICCASO Canada 2024 dans la catégorie « Leadership à but non lucratif » 

Au sujet de la DAAC
Actualités
Juridique
Politique de confidentialité
Programme Publicité politique
Subscribe to the DAAC Newsletter

 SIGN UP

© 2025 Digital Advertising Alliance Of Canada
