YourStory | Stories about startups & entrepreneurships Sidebar is Loading... ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us Sign In Founder first Just In Brands Resources YSTV Events Newsletter Stories Reports Brands Resources Stories General In-Depth Announcement Reports News Funding Startup Sectors Women in tech Sportstech Agritech E-Commerce Education Lifestyle Entertainment Art & Culture Travel & Leisure Curtain Raiser Wine and Food YSTV Yourstory Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us Featured SMB Story Her Story Social Story Featured Her Story SMB Story Social Story ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us Loading... Loading... Loading... Brands The CapTable AI Story HerStory Social Story Enterprise Story YS Life YS Hindi YS Tamil Topics practo microsoft ola swiggy zomato uber delhivery amazon cred nykaa View All Topics Resource Hub Glossary Everything AI How-to’s knowledge base Opinion Unicorns of India Fundraising Thermometer Upcoming Events DevSparks 2026: Pune Edition Discover Partner with us Pitch To Us Browse Startups Bharat Project YS Buzz Start your day with impactful startup stories and concise news! All delivered in a quick five-minute read in your inbox. Subscribe I hereby consent to the processing of the personal data that I have provided and declare my agreement with the data protection regulations in the privacy policy on the website. Advertise with Newsletter Follow Us About Us Careers Privacy Policy Terms & Condition Copyright © 2025 YourStory Media Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved. Brands Topics Resource Hub Upcoming Events Discover Advertise with Newsletter About Us Careers Privacy Policy Terms & Condition Copyright © 2025 YourStory Media Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved. Top Picks Outlook 2026: How India is building early intervention systems for youth mental health Outlook 2026: India GCCs to drive global AI leadership Inside Tamil Nadu’s climate playbook: Supriya Sahu on AI, data, and community-led conservation AI adoption by Indian enterprises to continue climbing: Dell Infrastructure Solutions Group's Venkat Sitaram Technology Outlook 2026: India’s semiconductor push clears capacity hurdle; next phase must ensure buyers and supply chains Ensuring chip facilities have local supply chains and customers will decide whether India’s chip ambition becomes a costly experiment or puts the country on the global map. Pratap Vikram Singh The CapTable The Youtubers quietly building India’s next wave of e-commerce sellers Pranav Balakrishnan VCs are racing to fund India’s first reusable rocket. Who’s winning the game? Parvathi Benu India's air cargo boom leaves most carriers grounded Anuj Suvarna Sign up for YourStory newsletter Sign Up Technology Outlook 2026: India’s semiconductor push clears capacity hurdle; next phase must ensure buyers and supply chains Ensuring chip facilities have local supply chains and customers will decide whether India’s chip ambition becomes a costly experiment or puts the country on the global map. Pratap Vikram Singh Top Picks Outlook 2026: How India is building early intervention systems for youth mental health Outlook 2026: India GCCs to drive global AI leadership Inside Tamil Nadu’s climate playbook: Supriya Sahu on AI, data, and community-led conservation AI adoption by Indian enterprises to continue climbing: Dell Infrastructure Solutions Group's Venkat Sitaram ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us The CapTable The Youtubers quietly building India’s next wave of e-commerce sellers Pranav Balakrishnan VCs are racing to fund India’s first reusable rocket. Who’s winning the game? Parvathi Benu India's air cargo boom leaves most carriers grounded Anuj Suvarna Sign up for YS Buzz Daily newsletter Start your day with impactful startup stories and concise news! All delivered in a quick five-minute read in your inbox. Your Email Subscribe I hereby consent to the processing of the personal data that I have provided and declare my agreement with the data protection regulations in the privacy policy on the website. ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us Startup News and Updates: Daily Roundup (September 18) Startup news and updates: Daily roundup (September 2, 2025) Mcap of seven of top-10 valued firms jumps Rs 2.10 lakh Cr; RIL, TCS major winners Startup news and updates: Daily roundup (November 15, 2024) Swiggy’s Rohit Kapoor on gig economy and how the company takes care of delivery partners Startup News and Updates: Daily Roundup (September 18) Startup news and updates: Daily roundup (September 2, 2025) Mcap of seven of top-10 valued firms jumps Rs 2.10 lakh Cr; RIL, TCS major winners Startup news and updates: Daily roundup (November 15, 2024) Swiggy’s Rohit Kapoor on gig economy and how the company takes care of delivery partners Conversations YourStory Infinity Learn’s AI-powered mentor is teaching, guiding & listening to India’s next-gen learners As AI redefines the future of learning, Infinity Learn’s AI mentor AINA is emerging as a powerful tool in K–12 education by offering real-time doubt-solving, performance analytics, and personalized guidance to students across India. In this in-depth conversation, we explore the inspiration behind AI View Highlights YourStory The Formula for Loyal Customers: " Retention is the new growth " On Episode 6 of Disruptor Dialogues, we catch up with Anand Jain - Co-Founder of CleverTap, a marketing automation platform – that empowers digital consumer brands to leverage user data and redefine customer engagement through AI and personalization. View Highlights YourStory UpClose with tech entrepreneur Vinita Gupta, first Indian- American woman to take a company public in the US YourStory gets UpClose with Vinita Gupta, the first Indian-origin woman to take a company public in the US. View Highlights YourStory How to Survive and Thrive in a Volatile Market!  | The Mass Effect: Episode 3 The Mass Effect: Episode 3 View Highlights YourStory Building category-defining food brands for India’s diverse palate In this episode of Brand Masters, powered by PhonePe Ads in association with YourStory catch Nishant Kedia, CMO – India at Rebel Foods View Highlights Featured Series Media In conversation with Shradha Sharma Startups The Mass Effect - a spark that ignites a flame, a catalyst for a chain reaction Startups Mavericks - Season 3 Startups Disruptor Dialogues - Innovative Insights, Strategic Breakdowns FinTech Money Matters with Ipsita Basu Recruitment Fabulous Workplaces Media In conversation with Shradha Sharma Startups The Mass Effect - a spark that ignites a flame, a catalyst for a chain reaction Startups Mavericks - Season 3 Startups Disruptor Dialogues - Innovative Insights, Strategic Breakdowns FinTech Money Matters with Ipsita Basu Recruitment Fabulous Workplaces ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us Spotlight Digital Transformation What growing SMBs learned from Lenovo’s AI PC webinar The webinar explored how AI-powered PCs are helping SMBs cut downtime, boost productivity, and unlock enterprise-grade capabilities without enterprise-level complexity. Ad Ops Announcement HDFC Tech Innovators 2025 spotlights 12 startups shaping India’s future The 4th edition of HDFC Tech Innovators concluded with the top 10 innovators and 2 emerging women founders being felicitated at the Grand Finale in Mumbai on December 3, 2025. Gayatri Guha Announcement Why global tech leaders, entrepreneurs, policymakers, and AI pioneers are heading to Jaipur this January Rajasthan DigiFest X TiE Global Summit 2026 assembles global tech leadership, government vision, and startup ambition in one place, featuring the Rajasthan Regional AI Impact Summit and TGS 100 Pitches. Gayatri Guha Startup Ecosystem Not another sneaker drop: Knotty is building India’s premium sneaker accessories market Gurugram-based Knotty is addressing a gap in India's fast-growing sneaker market by offering high-quality accessories that let people personalise their footwear. Gayatri Guha Spotlight What growing SMBs learned from Lenovo’s AI PC webinar The webinar explored how AI-powered PCs are helping SMBs cut downtime, boost productivity, and unlock enterprise-grade capabilities without enterprise-level complexity. Ad Ops HDFC Tech Innovators 2025 spotlights 12 startups shaping India’s future The 4th edition of HDFC Tech Innovators concluded with the top 10 innovators and 2 emerging women founders being felicitated at the Grand Finale in Mumbai on December 3, 2025. Gayatri Guha Why global tech leaders, entrepreneurs, policymakers, and AI pioneers are heading to Jaipur this January Rajasthan DigiFest X TiE Global Summit 2026 assembles global tech leadership, government vision, and startup ambition in one place, featuring the Rajasthan Regional AI Impact Summit and TGS 100 Pitches. Gayatri Guha Not another sneaker drop: Knotty is building India’s premium sneaker accessories market Gurugram-based Knotty is addressing a gap in India's fast-growing sneaker market by offering high-quality accessories that let people personalise their footwear. Gayatri Guha Founder First Startup SGA marks 15 years of redefining communications consulting in India Gayatri Guha Startup From Hackathon to Lifesaving: How EmerReady Prepares Kids for Emergencies Nucleus_AI Startup How Speedata Is Powering Next-Gen AI and Big Data With APU Chips Backed by Intel’s Lip-Bu Tan and Mellanox co-founder Eyal Waldman, Speedata’s Series B fuels expansion of its groundbreaking analytics chips, designed to replace racks of servers and power next-generation AI and data platforms with unmatched efficiency. Nucleus_AI Just In Zomato, Swiggy offer increased payout to gig workers amid strike call by unions on New Year's Eve Press Trust of India Blinkit CFO Vipin Kapooria resigns Team YS Ola Electric receives certification for 4680 Bharat Cell powered Roadster X+ bike Press Trust of India Arvind Fashions to acquire 31.25% stake of Flipkart in Arvind Youth Brands for Rs 135 cr Press Trust of India Zepto files confidential IPO papers, aims fo Rs 11,000 Cr issue Team YS Explore All Stories Founder First Startup How Speedata Is Powering Next-Gen AI and Big Data With APU Chips Backed by Intel’s Lip-Bu Tan and Mellanox co-founder Eyal Waldman, Speedata’s Series B fuels expansion of its groundbreaking analytics chips, designed to replace racks of servers and power next-generation AI and data platforms with unmatched efficiency. Nucleus_AI Swipe Right Startup SGA marks 15 years of redefining communications consulting in India Samir Shah, Founder and Chairman of Strategic Growth Advisors (SGA), reflects on the company’s journey from pioneering investor relations in India to becoming an integrated consultancy poised for global expansion. Gayatri Guha Swipe Right Startup From Hackathon to Lifesaving: How EmerReady Prepares Kids for Emergencies When a tragic incident revealed India’s lack of emergency readiness, Prachetas Yeri turned innovation into action. His nonprofit, EmerReady, has trained 1,000+ students and distributed lifesaving first-aid kits across schools. Nucleus_AI Swipe Right Startup Woven by tradition: How Taavi is bringing India’s craft heritage into the present Taavi is on a mission to bring India’s rich textile traditions to the forefront. It offers more than 20 traditional artforms as wearable, everyday fashion on Myntra. Brand Solutions Swipe Right Startup Democratising space: Inside Agnikul Cosmos’ vision to launch 50 rockets yearly by 2028 Agnikul Cosmos is reimagining space access with novel technologies like single-piece 3D-printed engines and private mobile launchpads. The startup now aims for 50 launches a year by 2028 to make getting to space as easy as catching a flight. Siya Bhagat Swipe Left Just In Zomato, Swiggy offer increased payout to gig workers amid strike call by unions on New Year's Eve Blinkit CFO Vipin Kapooria resigns Ola Electric receives certification for 4680 Bharat Cell powered Roadster X+ bike Arvind Fashions to acquire 31.25% stake of Flipkart in Arvind Youth Brands for Rs 135 cr ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us Leadership Lens How Ankit Agrawal built InsuranceDekho, one district at a time The co-founder of InsuranceDekho talks about how a focus on grassroots distribution and the 'cockroach mentality' enabled the building of a vast distribution network. Team YS Interview Contracts, Hybrid Work, AI: Three Forces Reshaping India’s Workforce Nucleus_AI Interview Lenskart’s vision: How belief and technology built a global eyewear brand Team YS Interview How UP is redefining India’s export story, one craft at a time Team YS Interview ‘Happiness is an exponential function of awareness. Just awareness’ Team YS Leadership Lens How Ankit Agrawal built InsuranceDekho, one district at a time The co-founder of InsuranceDekho talks about how a focus on grassroots distribution and the 'cockroach mentality' enabled the building of a vast distribution network. Team YS Interview ‘Happiness is an exponential function of awareness. Just awareness’ Team YS Interview Contracts, Hybrid Work, AI: Three Forces Reshaping India’s Workforce Nucleus_AI Interview Lenskart’s vision: How belief and technology built a global eyewear brand Team YS Interview How UP is redefining India’s export story, one craft at a time Team YS In-Depth In Depth Year in review: How global brands spoiled Indian consumers for choice Akshita Toshniwal In Depth Year in Review: The great Indian consumer reset powered by protein, pickleball and micro-dramas Akshita Toshniwal In Depth Year in review: What took down some of the biggest startups in 2025 Akshita Toshniwal In Depth When ESOPs turn real: what the Unacademy moment means for startups Ishan Patra ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us In-Depth In Depth When ESOPs turn real: what the Unacademy moment means for startups Ishan Patra In Depth Year in review: How global brands spoiled Indian consumers for choice Akshita Toshniwal In Depth Year in Review: The great Indian consumer reset powered by protein, pickleball and micro-dramas Akshita Toshniwal In Depth Year in review: What took down some of the biggest startups in 2025 Akshita Toshniwal In Depth One year after IPO, Unicommerce doubles down on profitability and global scale Trisha Medhi ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us Interview YourStory This Silicon Valley founder wants to redefine AI compute forever! What’s happening inside Groq could reset the rules of AI compute. Meet Jonathan Ross, Founder & CEO of Groq, the company behind ultra-low-latency LPUs that make AI faster, cheaper, and massively scalable. Brand Solutions Interview YourStory UpClose with AI thought leader & Futurist Zack Kass Shivani Muthanna YourStory How Snowflake’s New CEO, Sridhar Ramaswamy, Plans to Scale the $50.96B Giant Ryan Frantz YourStory Setting the standard for responsible and impactful AI Brand Solutions Interview Lowe’s talent stack is shaping the future of omnichannel retail Team YS Explore Upcoming startups of 2025 and browse them on YourStory Segwise.Ai SAAS Ongil.Ai AI/ML NexStem Health-Tech Farmonaut Agritech Recircle Cleantech Fabrik Space SAAS Verdant Impact Agritech The EPlane Company Mobility Nawgati Enterprise-Tech Kshana Al AI/ML Marut Drones Dronetech Anatomech Health-Tech Naam AI/ML NeuralGarage AI/ML Monet Work Web3 Evate Technologies Mobility View All Companies Discover More Startup How Speedata Is Powering Next-Gen AI and Big Data With APU Chips SGA marks 15 years of redefining communications consulting in India From Hackathon to Lifesaving: How EmerReady Prepares Kids for Emergencies Woven by tradition: How Taavi is bringing India’s craft heritage into the present Just In [Exclusive] Endiya Partners launches sports tournaments for India’s startup ecosystem Startup news and updates: Daily roundup (April 29, 2025) Women's Day: PM Modi salutes 'Nari Shakti', hands over social media accounts to women achievers Startup news and updates: Daily roundup (January 21, 2025) Technology India launches DHRUV64, first indigenously designed 1.0 GHz 64-bit microprocessor Build an AI-powered business with 40% off on Salesforce’s core platforms Tata, Intel sign MoU to build India-centred silicon and compute ecosystem How Enterpret built a scalable AI platform with just two engineers Business Ideas 5 Profitable small business ideas for new founders This Indian Tree Can Make You Richer Than Sugarcane or Wheat The Day KFC Ran Out of Chicken — And Turned Crisis into a Comeback: A Genius Marketing Move Meet the 10 entrepreneurs set to drive change in 2025 Books 2026’s most anticipated books that redefine storytelling Hidden gems of 2025: Creators, books, and podcasts Year in Review: Five books by and about women that we enjoyed this year Feeling lost in your 20s? Start by reading these books Campaign BharatPe’s ‘Hai Yakeen’ campaign celebrates the indomitable spirit of Indian merchants SMB Week: How OTT has changed the face of India’s media and entertainment industry SMB Week: Here’s how SMBs in the manufacturing sector can find opportunity in change SMB Week: How COVID-19 catalysed efforts to build a stronger healthcare ecosystem and the role of SMBs Story Spoken word artist Nayab Midha on power of poetry and a programme to foster women micro-entrepreneurs—our top stories of the week Beyond assumptions: What persons with disabilities wish you understood SheSparks at TechSparks, women Kho Kho World Cup champions and a collective empowering women–our top stories of the week These new-age beverage brands are reinventing India’s chai and coffee culture Sports Pranavi Urs becomes first Indian woman to win a pro golf title in a mixed-gender field Boxing champion Preeti Pawar on fighting her way back into the ring after hepatitis A and setting her sights higher How India’s women Kho Kho World Cup champions are redefining the game Women in blue bring home World Cup, script history Resources These businesses are turning traditional Indian sweets into health-conscious versions How brands are blending tech with tradition this Ganesh Chaturthi 2025 What to consider before taking a business loan? Must-read business newsletters: An entrepreneur's secret weapon Marketing & Sales Get started with affiliate marketing with these basic steps Want to ace affiliate marketing? Try and avoid these rookie mistakes Building a brand: 10 tips for creating outstanding video ads Content marketing is not just writing blogs Funding CarDekho invests $10M in CollegeDekho Wow! Momo raises Rs 75 Cr from Madhusudan Kela Anicut Capital raises Rs 1,275 Cr in third private credit fund GAF-IV CoreEL Technologies raises $30M in Series B funding Social & Green News Strong network of MSMEs being developed; only India can buttress global supply chain: President PM launches Rs 24,000 Cr scheme for vulnerable tribal groups' welfare Aiming to reduce plastic, The Body Shop to launch refill stations in India by year end Five new animal species discovered in Tibet ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us