Home About Discover Mission History Global Hubs Stories Explore Careers Products Bible App YouVersion Connect Bible App Lite Bible App for Kids Newsroom Partner Together Discover Partner Overview Content Partners Churches Partner Update Bible Partners Get Involved Discover Give Become A Sower Become A Vision Partner Serve With Us Volunteers Localization Team Spiritual Support Team Technical Support Team English Choose your language English Français Português Español Your Bible App Story Matters How has the Bible App impacted you? What you share might be the very thing someone else needs to hear to draw closer to God today. Full name Email Location If the Bible App didn’t exist, what would your Bible habit look like?* A Non-Existent B Less Consistent C The Same D More Consistent What did your relationship with God look like before using the Bible App?* How does your relationship with God look different now that you use the Bible App?* In what ways is the Bible App helping you build a practical Bible study habit?* On a scale of 1 to 10, how likely are you to share the Bible App with a friend or family member?* Select one... 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Submit Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Helping Everyone, Everywhere, Engage With God's Word, Every Day Through our free apps and global community, we help people draw closer to God. Our Mission Get Involved --- Help Build the Future of Bible Engagement Whether you’re a content creator, church leader, or Bible App user, there’s a place for you in what God is doing through YouVersion. Discover How to Help Installs across our Family of Apps 1 billion+ Used in Every country around the world New installs per month 11.2 m+ Daily users in 2024 14 m+ Our Products Technology that Powers our Mission From Bible apps to ministry tools, everything we build is designed to help people grow in their faith and stay connected to God’s Word. Empowering Our Partners Digital tools for churches, content creators, and other partners to help share biblical content far and wide. Share Scripture-based content in over 2,300+ languages to serve and grow your community Use real-time dashboards to see what’s resonating and refine your approach Connect with your audience directly inside the Bible App and other YouVersion tools Explore YouVersion Connect The Most Downloaded and Used Bible App in the World Read or listen to the Bible, explore Bible Plans, create Prayers, study with Friends, and much more—all for free Choose from 3,500 Bible versions in 2,300 languages Over 700 million installs worldwide Explore the Bible App Access Scripture Anytime, Anywhere Optimized for older phones, low storage, slow connections,  and offline use Includes Bible reader, Audio Bibles, Verse of the Day, and Prayer Available in 192 countries and 300+ languages Explore Bible App Lite Help Children Fall  in Love with the Bible 41 animated Bible stories designed just for kids Interactive games and audio help children enjoy exploring Scripture 140M+ installs in over 65 languages Explore Bible App for Kids Life-Changing Stories --- Faith in Real Life Real people share how our Bible Apps are changing their lives, one moment, one verse at a time. Read More Stories Rich | Texas HEALING Priya | Minnesota LOVE Kia | Iran DOUBT In the News --- When the Mission Makes Headlines From record-breaking installs to global Bible engagement, discover how the story of YouVersion is being shared around the world. See More News YouVersion Announces 2025 Verse of the Year as Bible Engagement Reaches New Heights Globally Read more Faith Apps Unite, Invite Millions into Historic Moment for the Bible Read more YouVersion, Creator of the World’s Most Popular Bible App, Reaches One Billion Installs Read more YouVersion celebrates most engaged Easter in its history Read more Everything we make is available for free because of a generous community of supporters. Support YouVersion God’s Word. Every on e. Ever y wh ere . Every da y . Partner Together Get the Bible App Newsroom Quick Links Bible App Support YouVersion Connect Support About Mission History Stories Global Hubs Newsroom Explore Careers Partner Update Products Bible App Bible App Lite Bible App for Kids YouVersion Connect Partner Together Partner Overview Churches Bible Partners Content Partners Get Involved Give Become a Sower Become a Vision Partner Bible for Everyone Serve With Us Give Now Language: English (US) © Life.Church / YouVersion Privacy Terms & Conditions Vulnerability A digital ministry of