Contact Us
About
Login / Sign up
Optimize your advertising performance with our smart network



Trust our YSO Network advertising network to perform on the best placements suited to your mobile games.



GET STARTED NOW
Solutions
User Acquisition

We'll help you reach and move the right users with our mobile gaming network.

Monetization

Optimize and increase the monetization of your ad inventories.

Ad Exchange

Benefit from the best locations negotiated at the lowest cost for your ads.

Ads formats

distribute your ads on three powerful and essential formats: interstitials, banners and rewards.

These formats are complementary and adaptable to all types of ads.



GET STARTED NOW
What our customers says
At Yso Network, we believe our clients say it best
Discover what they think about working with us

We at Freeplay are happy to work with YSO Network. YSO were able to provide us a possibility to scale up Tier-3 GEOs which's significance is growing year by year. The network itself is very pleasant to work with: starting from good quality of users, ending with great support from account managers.

Arina Batskalevich
Lead UA Manager

After the first tests it became clear that YSO Network shows very high efficiency, especially it was pleasant to see high eCPM and consistently good results from +5% to +15% ARPDAU in A/B testing, after which we can recommend other developers and publishers to strengthen their advertising inventory with YSO Network, as we have already done in PlayDucky.

PlayDucky

YSO Network has proven to be a valuable partner in our mobile Monetization and User Acquisition strategy at TapNation. Since integrating them through MAX, we have seen significant improvements in performance with strong results. We highly recommend YSO Network to any company looking to optimize their mobile ad revenue.

TapNation

They trust us


Do you have a question or a special request?


CONTACT US NOW !
Mobile Measurement Partners
We work with leading Mobile Measurement Partners
to ensure accurate attribution and seamless campaign performance

Optimize your advertising
performance with our
smart network

Contact Us
About
Login / Sign up
Privacy
Terms
Policies Publishers
Policies Advertisers
Legal Mentions
Data Processing Agreement
Copyright © 2025 YSO Network. All rights reserved.