YuJa | Cloud Platforms and Applications Skip to main content Boost Video Accessibility with the GenAI Video PowerPack ! Try Now Supercharge Your Compliance Efforts with AutoPilot Remediation Max ! Try Now Strengthen Your PDF Accessibility Efforts with Structural Remediation Max ! Try Now Don't Miss Any of Our Upcoming Webinars —Save Your Spot! Register The YuJa Community is here! Connect, get updates, and access exclusive content. Join Now Products Product Overview Discover the value of cloud platforms and applications that power leading enterprises, academic institutions, and governments worldwide. Security Learn about our robust security measures and third-party certifications. Accessibility Our processes include compliance review and third-party auditing. Onboarding Implementations are staffed with implementation and project management staff. Services We provide live proctoring and accessibility remediation services. YuJa Platforms YuJa Panorama LMS Accessibility Platform Digital accessibility solution with LMS integration YuJa Lumina Video Platform All-in-one video solution with LMS integration YuJa EqualGround Accessibility Governance Platform Website and web app accessibility scanning solution YuJa Verity Test Proctoring Platform Live and automated proctoring solution Trial Program We offer select institutions an opportunity to try our products. Request a Trial See our products in action Request a Demo News Events Case Studies How YuJa Helps Chattahoochee Technical College Bridge Gaps in Learning with a Centralized Video Platform How Southeastern Louisiana University Streamlined Digital Learning with YuJa’s Ed-Tech Platforms ‘Christmas Came Early’ When Motlow State Community College Adopted YuJa’s Video Platform and LMS Accessibility Platform More Case Studies Company About YuJa At YuJa, we deliver digital compliance solutions for regulated sectors worldwide. Our products and solutions enable enterprises in higher education, K-12, healthcare, finance, and government to deliver engaging, compliant media experiences. About YuJa About Us Leadership Team Careers Community Enterprise Architecture Partners Services Onboarding Professional Services Migration Technology Trial Program Contact Us We Value Privacy Security Accessibility Responsible AI Resources Blog Brochures Case Studies Scholarship Program Webinars What’s New at YuJa Community Support More Links... What’s New at YuJa Community Support Search Request A Demo Search for: Close Products YuJa Panorama LMS Accessibility Platform Digital accessibility solution with LMS integration YuJa Lumina Video Platform All-in-one video solution with LMS integration YuJa EqualGround Accessibility Governance Platform Website and web app accessibility scanning solution YuJa Verity Test Proctoring Platform Live and automated proctoring solution News Events Case Studies How YuJa Helps Chattahoochee Technical College Bridge Gaps in Learning with a Centralized Video Platform How Southeastern Louisiana University Streamlined Digital Learning with YuJa’s Ed-Tech Platforms ‘Christmas Came Early’ When Motlow State Community College Adopted YuJa’s Video Platform and LMS Accessibility Platform Company About YuJa About Us Leadership Team Careers Community Enterprise Architectue Partners Services Onboarding Professional Services Migration Technology Trial Program Contact Us We Value Privacy Security Accessibility Responsible AI Resources Blog Brochures Case Studies Scholarship Program Webinars Search for: What’s New at YuJa Community Support Accessible by Design. Compliant by Default. We are a leader in digital compliance and accessibility solutions. Serving clients in higher-education, K-12, government and healthcare, YuJa enables organizations to meet evolving regulatory demands. Video Compliance | LMS Accessibility | Assessment Integrity | Website Conformance | Web App Compliance Contact Sales Trusted by Leading Organizations Scrolling logos of YuJa's clients such as Southeastern Louisiana University, Los Angeles Pierce College and Tulane University, etc. YuJa Platforms Cloud Platforms Designed for Regulated Sector Clients Learn More Platform LMS Accessibility Panorama LMS Accessibility Industry-leading digital document accessibility solution with LMS integration. Learn More Platform Test Proctoring Verity Test Proctoring An automated, AI and live online proctoring solution with full LMS integration. Learn More Platform Accessibility Governance EqualGround Accessibility Governance Accessibility compliance solution for automated web governance across your websites. Learn More Module Lecture & Screen Capture Lecture Capture Portfolio of tools for software, hardware, in-browser and mobile-based recording. Learn More Platform Note-Taking Program AccessNotes Note-Taking Note-taking and recording tool designed for student accommodation. Learn More Platform Assessment Platform FeedbackFlow Assessment Cloud-hosted video-based feedback and skill assessment platform with LMS integration. Learn More Platform Student Response System Engage Student Response An LMS-integrated real-time classroom polling and quizzing platform. Learn More Platform Video Platform and Tools Lumina Video Cloud-hosted video solution to store, manage and stream media content. Customer Highlights Serving Regulated Sector Clients Worldwide “With YuJa, each institution of the NDUS has the toolset and flexibility to brand and create its own  unique space according to need.” R Randy Wald, Operations Manager, Academic Services and Training "Accessibility, the ability to attach supplementary resources, the addition of indexes and the ability to embed videos.” I Isadora Mok-Kulakova Online Learning Environment Lead at the Taylor Institute for Teaching and Learning at the University of Calgary "YuJa was by far the most competitive Video Platform and worked with us the best. The customer service and their ability to assist us with migration was one of the reasons why we were so sold on YuJa.” T Thomas Irvin Instructional Design Videographer “YuJa has provided our university with tools that enhance the student learning experience while making the work of creating and sharing accessible documents and videos more efficient.” J Dr. Jared Wall Assistant Director of Educational Technology “When we showed instructors and faculty the features in YuJa, it was like Christmas came early. They were thrilled.” T Dr. Terry Durham Dean of Academic Technology “The YuJa Video Platform is an easy-to-use auto-captioning video platform that our campus really enjoys using and finds beneficial for both faculty and students.” C Colleen Kaminski, Instructional Designer SUNY Broome Community College Read More What Our Clients Say News Coverage Latest Mentions in the Industry Latest News Warner University Selects YuJa Lumina Video Platform to Expand Flexible Learning December 30, 2025 Guam Community College Selects YuJa Panorama and YuJa Verity to Strengthen Accessibility and Assessment Integrity December 29, 2025 Sonoran University of Health Sciences Selects YuJa Panorama LMS Accessibility Platform to Enhance Accessibility Compliance December 23, 2025 Read Our Blog December 29, 2025   | 3 min read Understanding Dynamic Content Accessibility Over 96 percent of websites have detectable accessibility errors, according to the 2025 WebAIM Million analysis of the top one million home pages.  But there’s an important limitation in that statistic: automated tests only evaluate... Case Studies Compliance Made Simple. Accessibility Made Scalable. View All Case Studies Coastal Carolina University Consolidates EdTech Tools with a Single, Trusted and Experienced Vendor Coastal Carolina University launched YuJa’s Media Platform at the start of the Fall 2021 semester. Since its launch, the most heavily used features have been interactive quizzing – which is used in online and face-to-face courses, as well as in the Moodle learning management system environment – and captioning. Read Their Story Upcoming Events Join Us at an Upcoming Event! Online Dec 22, 2025 Modern Proctoring for the AI Era Online Nov 12, 2025 Smarter Accessibility: PDF Auto-Tagging, Alt Text, and Audio Descriptions Nashville, TN October 27-30, 2025 EDUCAUSE 2025 Join the 1,000+ Organizations Deploying High-Impact Solutions A collection of logos representing various organizations and institutions that use YuJa’s platform. Search for: Send Us an Email or Message Contact us to learn more, please fill out the below form or email support@yuja.com . Name Email Phone Organization Additional Info Toll-Free (US/CAN) +1 (888) 257-2278 Toll Free (UK) +44 (800) 058-4054 International +1 (408) 508-6796 Email support@yuja.com Contact Support Contact Sales YuJa, Inc. is a leading provider of cloud-based digital compliance and accessibility solutions for regulated sectors worldwide. Serving clients in higher education, K-12, government, and healthcare, YuJa enables organizations to meet evolving regulatory demands while delivering engaging, secure, and accessible digital experiences. opens in a new tab opens in a new tab Platforms YuJa Lumina Video Platform YuJa Panorama LMS Accessibility Platform YuJa Verity Test Proctoring Platform YuJa EqualGround Accessibility Governance Platform Company About Us Contact Us News Blog Newsletter Security Center Enterprise Architecture Leadership Team Partners Careers Scholarship Insights Brochure Center Customer Videos Case Studies Trial Program Make the Switch Events Professional Services Support Help Center Community Onboarding Support © YuJa Need help with your screen reader on this website? Call 1-888-257-2278 for assistance. Anti-Slavery Statement GDPR Responsible AI Use Privacy Policy Land Acknowledgement Terms of Use Accessibility This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Read our Privacy Policy opens in a new tab Got it Privacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT