Free* People Search and Public Information Search Engine!

Locate People (Almost Anyone) Using ZabaSearch

People Search
Reverse Phone Number Search
First Name:
Last Name:
City:
State:
All 50 States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
This is me
 
Search
First and Last Name is required.
If searching city, a state must be selected.
What Information Is Publicly Available?

Are you trying to find someone? If you're searching for someone with a common name, it can feel like looking for a needle in a haystack. But thanks to Zabasearch's People Search tool, you can now find almost anyone for free*. To use our free* People Search, just enter a first and last name. If the search subject has a common name, try narrowing your search by entering the last city and state you remember them living in. You may discover name, age, address, and partial phone number information. If you want even more information, you can upgrade to a paid background check report which can contain much more information about someone.

 Trending Names in the News
Erica Beckem
Chester C. Hastings
Michael Schreder
Sterling Cruz
Tyler Piccotti
Chester “Chet” C. Hastings Jr.
Allysen Raider Armenta
Matt Schreder
Ryan Moody
Charles Wentworth
Morrill Worcester
Scott Poper
VIEW ALL TRENDING NAMES
Select the first letter of either the first or last name of the person you are searching for.

Search by First Name

A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z

Search by Last Name

A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z

*NOTICE: ZabaSearch powered by Intelius offers free people search and reverse phone number lookup directory tools that include, when available, basic information such as name, address, age, and partial phone numbers. In performing a search, you may ultimately be directed to Intelius.com where additional information is offered for a fee. For more information please visit the Terms of Use of Intelius.

DISCLAIMER: ZabaSearch powered by Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site must not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. Please visit GoodHire for all your employment screening needs. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use

California Privacy Notice: If you are a California resident, you have the right to know what personal information we collect, the purposes for which we use it, and your options to opt out of its sale. To learn more, click the following link: Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information

Exercise My Data Privacy Rights

© 2025 Intelius LLC. All Rights Reserved

FAQ

Public Records Notice

Zabasearch powered by Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide sensitive information (criminal record, address, phone number, property, civil judgment, and more) that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about people in your life. To use our site you must certify below by selecting "I Agree" that you agree to our PRIVACY POLICY and TERMS OF USE and will NOT use our site or the information we provide:

(1) to make decisions about or in connection with hiring, promoting, reassigning, or continuing to employ any person, including current or potential volunteers and household employees such as childcare workers, contractors, or home health aides;
(2) to make decisions about or in connection with renting or selling a house, apartment, or other residential property to any person;
(3) to make decisions about or in connection with lending money or extending credit to any person;
(4) in connection with the underwriting of insurance;
(5) for any purpose related to any eligibility determination about a person; or
(6) for any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I AGREE