Zabbix
PRODUCT
	
SOLUTIONS
	
SUPPORT & SERVICES
	
TRAINING
	
PARTNERS
	
COMMUNITY
	
ABOUT US
GET ZABBIX
Zabbix Academy - your pace, your schedule. Find out more!Blog Documentation  
English (US)
 Customer Login
The universal, open-source observability solution for IT & OT 

Monitor everything - the cloud, networks, services, IoT, and more.
Available on-premise or in the cloud. Anytime, anywhere. 

Start Monitoring Watch Demo
100%
open-source
20+
years of experience
300 000+
deployments in 190+ countries
Tune in to our free online meetup on January 8

Let's discuss migration wins, new JSON tricks,
and Promabbix in action.

Register now
TRUSTED BY
Adaptable & enterprise-ready
Exceptionally low TCO

Enjoy predictable, fixed support pricing — no license fees, no per-device charges, no matter the size of your environment.

 
Trusted by the Fortune 500

Zabbix is a trusted partner to the world’s leading enterprises — reliable, sustainable, and built for the long haul.

 
Secure by design

Trusted by enterprises worldwide — with top-tier security, full compliance, and rock-solid reliability. 

 
Always available

Engineered for scalability and stability — ensuring efficient operations and zero downtime for your business-critical systems.

 
Built for what’s next

With a scalable architecture and ongoing innovation, Zabbix is fully equipped to support your long-term vision. 

 
MSP friendly

Designed with Managed Service Providers in mind, Zabbix enables efficient multitenant operations and growth at scale.

Leaders in every vertical rely on Zabbix. You can, too.
SEB, one of the largest banks in the Baltics and part of the Swedish SEB Group, turned to Zabbix for a reliable and unified log monitoring platform. The result was a powerful, customized Zabbix solution tailored to the needs of SEB and its customers.
Read more →
The European Space Agency (ESA) relies on Zabbix to monitor the Columbus lab aboard the International Space Station (ISS). With real-time tracking and automated discovery, Zabbix guarantees seamless research and experiments.
Read more →
QU!CK Scan & Go, a company specializing in self-service markets, turned to Zabbix for reliable 24/7 store monitoring. By anticipating power outages and taking prompt action, they reduced perishable product losses by 75% and ensured a seamless customer experience.
Read more →
fTLD Registry, a global coalition of banks managing the .Bank and .Insurance domains, trust Zabbix to ensure a multi-layered domain defense, strengthening compliance and protecting financial institutions and their customers.
Read more →
Linx, a Latin American retail tech leader, turned to Zabbix for scalable monitoring, gaining real-time visibility, reduced downtime, and improved reliability in the process.
Read more →
Freedom at the core

Zabbix brings unified observability to every environment — from your data centers to the cloud and the edge.

Free & Open-source
Zabbix On-Premise
Get full control by deploying Zabbix on your infrastructure — completely free as an open-source solution.
Download
View benefits
Benefits:
Full ownership and autonomy
Ideal for high-security and regulated industries
Maximum control and data privacy
Fully-managed SaaS platform
Zabbix Cloud
Let us take care of the hosting, scaling, and security, and gain more time for other aspects of your venture.
Free trial
View benefits
Benefits:
Scalability on demand
Built-in security and compliance features
Quick setup and zero maintenance
Zabbix on your cloud of choice
Third-Party Cloud
Get full monitoring capabilities on AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, and more.
Get started
View benefits
Benefits:
Seamless integration into your existing cloud environment
Cloud-native services and infrastructure
Single pane of glass
Zabbix gives you complete visibility into every layer of your IT and OT infrastructure, while integrating smoothly with your existing systems. 
Explore more
We support your success

Backed by 20 years of experience, a global partner network, and worldwide support, we make sure your monitoring challenges are resolved quickly and reliably.

Response time that sets the standard

Get instant access to the Zabbix team of professionals – 24/7 support guaranteed with an average response time of 12 minutes. 

Find out more →
Offices worldwide
260+ partners (and counting)
 
Enterprise users choose Zabbix
Zabbix

"It is an excellent monitoring and observability tool, with many tools to maintain the entire infrastructure."

IT Services Associate – IT Services
Gartner® and Peer Insights™ are trademarks of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Gartner Peer Insights content consists of the opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences, and should not be construed as statements of fact, nor do they represent the views of Gartner or its affiliates. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in this content nor makes any warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this content, about its accuracy or completeness, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
Zabbix

"Integration with other products like Service Now via webhooks really creates simple integrations, we also integrated zabbix with other systems to make it a complete solution."

IT Manager - Manufacturing
Gartner® and Peer Insights™ are trademarks of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Gartner Peer Insights content consists of the opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences, and should not be construed as statements of fact, nor do they represent the views of Gartner or its affiliates. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in this content nor makes any warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this content, about its accuracy or completeness, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
Zabbix

"In my opinion, Zabbix is without a doubt the most powerful and versatile monitoring platform available."

Director of Engineering - Travel and Hospitality
Gartner® and Peer Insights™ are trademarks of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Gartner Peer Insights content consists of the opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences, and should not be construed as statements of fact, nor do they represent the views of Gartner or its affiliates. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in this content nor makes any warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this content, about its accuracy or completeness, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
   
Fuelled by knowledge, driven by people
With offices in every time zone, our team keeps the momentum going — ensuring continuous creativity and innovation.
What I love most about working at Zabbix is the opportunity to develop and grow professionally in an environment that allows me to experience different cultures and challenges.
Fernanda Moraes
Head of Marketing, Zabbix Latin America
It’s incredibly rewarding to be a Zabbix engineer and support a large number of users in an environment that values teamwork and indiviaduality.
Osamu Uehara
Support Engineer, Zabbix Japan
I have the best colleagues – friendly and very professional ones. As Zabbix trainer I can travel the world and see a lot of distant places, meet new people and share my experience with them.
Kaspars Mednis
Training Project Manager, Zabbix
Working at Zabbix has been the best way to measure the great sense of community instilled by Zabbix’s open-source framework.
Julia Valim
Partner Relationship Manager, Zabbix Latin America
There are so many reasons why I love working at Zabbix that it's difficult to choose one! I take great pride in looking into the problems our users face and helping them find solutions.  
Kazuhiro Mizutani
Support Engineer, Zabbix Japan
Here in Zabbix, we are a team of highly qualified professionals, making a product for highly qualified professionals all around the world.
Vjaceslavs Bogdanovs
UX/UI and Integration Technical Lead, Zabbix
All our team is setting the bar not only for IT infrastructure monitoring, but even much more – design, service, informal events etc. This is the place where you can share and actually realize your greatest ideas.
Zane Lasmane
Head of Marketing, Zabbix
Join our team!
USA
Europe
Japan
China
Argentina
Brazil
Chile
Colombia
México
USA
+1 877-4-ZABBIX
 
EUROPE
+371 6778-4742
 
JAPAN
+81 3-4405-7338
 
CHINA
+86 021-6978-6188
 
ARGENTINA
+54 11 3989-4060
 
BRAZIL
+55 11 4210-5104
 
CHILE
+56 44 890 9410
 
COLOMBIA
+57 1 3819310
 
MÉXICO
+52 55 8526 2606
Find a local partner Contact us
PRODUCT
Features
What's new in Zabbix 7.4
Integrations
System requirements
Lifecycle & Release Policy
License
Documentation
Roadmap
 
SOLUTIONS
By Topic
By Industry
For Enterprises
Case studies
Customers and Users
 
SERVICES
Support
Consulting
Turnkey Solution
Template Building
Upgrade
Development
Integration
Migration
 
TRAINING
Core courses
Upgrade courses
Extra courses
Zabbix Academy New
Testimonials
Training FAQ
Application form
Free webinars
 
PARTNERS
Partner Program
Become a Partner
Strategic Partners
Distributors
Map of partners
 
COMMUNITY
Events
Forum
Zabbix Blog
Bugs and Feature Requests
Developers
Community templates
Newsletters
 
COMPANY
About Us
Career
Contacts
Pressroom
Trademark
Join us! We're hiring!
Join 30,000+ Zabbix news readers 
 
	
	
	
	
Security Policy
Privacy Policy
Trademark Policy
Legal Request

© 2001-2025 by Zabbix LLC. All rights reserved.