SERVICES
PRICING
SOLUTIONS
RESOURCES
SIGN IN
SIGN UP
What are we looking for?
A new generation of VoIP for your business
Zadarma lets you set up your business phone system without expensive hardware and wiring.
TRY IT FOR FREE Pricing
19 years of growth together with you
Zadarma is turning 19 — thank you for being with us.
More News
We’re excited to introduce the integration between Zadarma and Clientify
One-click calls, web phone, and much more
More News
Holiday bonuses for Christmas and New Year
26% discount on the «Office» and «Corporation» price plans, plus a +10% bonus on top-ups.
More News
19 years of growth together with you
Zadarma is turning 19 — thank you for being with us.
More News
We’re excited to introduce the integration between Zadarma and Clientify
One-click calls, web phone, and much more
More News
Holiday bonuses for Christmas and New Year
26% discount on the «Office» and «Corporation» price plans, plus a +10% bonus on top-ups.
More News
19 years of growth together with you
Zadarma is turning 19 — thank you for being with us.
More News
Cloud PBX
Set up your business phone system in just 5 minutes with the free Zadarma Cloud PBX. Access a wide range of features - Interactive Voice Response (IVR), call transfer/pickup/forwarding, call recording and statistics, speech recognition analytics, and a voicemail system. All of these features are easy to set up using an intuitive configuration wizard in your personal account.
PRICING more info
> 2 000 000
registered users in 160 countries worldwide
24/7
multichannel Customer Support Service
Up to 90%
savings on a home or business phone system!
Over 19 years
of continuous improvement
5 Minutes
to set up any service
30 000
phone numbers in 110 countries worldwide with a quick and easy setup
Virtual Numbers
Multi-channel virtual phone numbers allow you to open offices around the world in minutes without spending anything on phone equipment. We provide virtual numbers in 110 countries, toll-free numbers for free customer calls and mobile phone numbers with SMS capabilities. Receive calls to virtual phone numbers via the internet, or forward them to any phone number.
PRICING more info
Easy integration with the largest CRM, AI and other systems and messengers
VoIP Calls
Save on phone calls with Zadarma through our smart solutions: unlimited price plans, free calling bundles, per-second billing, caller ID support, dedicated mobile and desktop apps, and a top-quality call audio.
PRICING more info
Free Teamsale CRM
A fully integrated Customer Relationship Management system with our cloud PBX. Make and receive calls directly from your browser, create customer profiles, manage deals and tasks, track your team’s performance and sales pipeline. Manage your team efficiently and build the right business with a powerful CRM.
MORE INFO
In the press

Zadarma IP telephony meets the requirements of globally active entrepreneurs, because they can organize their company from anywhere in the world and connect all their employees in one network with customers and partners.

Zadarma understands how integral communication and building relationships are to businesses at every stage.

Zadarma’s VoIP services help you separate work from personal at an incredible price

Zadarma's tech team is always looking to evolve their cloud-based business phone software (PBX) to accommodate the ever-changing new normal global communication needs. There are many advantages to Zadarma's VoIP solution.

European telecom provider Zadarma has successfully integrated three of the leading AI-powered voice assistants into its cloud telephony and virtual PBX platform.

By choosing Zadarma, you get a variety of flexible tools that help your business stay competitive and connected.

Zadarma focuses on offering reliable cloud communication services for businesses and individuals around the world.

Zadarma is a globally recognised PBX vendor, offering a popular cloud PBX phone system. This ready to go, affordable phone system is simple to set up and comes with a variety of call management features, creating a versatile business phone system for growing businesses.

Transform Your Business Communications Today
SIGN UP NOW
+44 204 577 00 77
+1 646 980 4741
CONTACT US
 ON-LINE CHAT
Zadarma apps
Zadarma on Social Media
English
Español
Deutsch
Polski
Русский
Українська
Français
Português
English
Choose language
Change language
US dollar
euro
hryvnia
tenge
pound
złoty
$ - US Dollar
Choose currency
Change currency
SERVICES
Calls
Calling apps
Speech analytics
SIP-trunk
CallBack
Database actualization (HLR lookup)
Phone numbers
Incoming calls forwarding
Porting phone numbers
Business Phone System
Callback button
Click to call button
Call Tracking
eSIM for Internet
SMS
CRM
Video conferencing
PRICING
Price plans
Calls
How to choose a plan?
Standard
Economy
Phone numbers
800 numbers (Toll Free)
SMS
ABOUT ZADARMA
About us
News
Zadarma Reviews
VoIP for Business
Become a partner
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Service Level Agreement (SLA)
HELP
How to pay
Setup guides
Integrations
FAQ
Online chat
Contact us
API Documentation
Blog
By continuing to use the site, you consent to the processing of Cookies and personal data. See more details in our Cookie рolicy page. If you do not want your data to be processed, please leave the site.