Optimizely Data Platform (ODP) - Optimizely Skip to content Optimizely Logo Products Resources Plans Partners Developers Login Get started Skip to content Optimizely Logo Open Menu Unify all your data Maintain an updated view of your customers with unified, regularly refreshed data collected from your website, Optimizely sources, and 60+ available integrations. Manage your segments Easily create and manage segments for highly targeted & real-time experimentation, content, and commerce experiences. Activate across channels Customize the customer experience and build loyalty in real-time based on preferences and behaviors with automated activation. Unify customer data, from every source Ingest from and export data to Data Platform and other sources with 60+ one-click integrations, such as CRM, commerce, or email platforms. Connect to LinkedIn Lead Gen Ads , HubSpot , Salesforce CRM, and more . Quickly build, deploy, and maintain custom integrations. Use unified data to view comprehensive customer profiles, track behaviors, create segments, and activate through downstream channels. Experiment with advanced targeting and rich historical data Run more sophisticated and impactful tests by leveraging historical and third-party data that’s regularly refreshed with Optimizely Data Platform. Use attributes and events from any source to create segments and target them with different variations. Run highly-targeted tests with real-time segment data that's based on customer activities. For example, test different headlines based on the visitor's location, device, or previous purchases. Personalize content in real-time Deliver relevant and engaging digital experiences to your visitors based on their preferences and behaviors. Create segments based on any attribute or event, such as browsing history, location, or email engagement. Activate those segments in real-time across Optimizely products and other channels, such as web, mobile, email, or push notifications. For example, personalize website homepage content based on the visitor's unique interest and site behavior. Create relevant commerce experiences for customers Provide highly tailored buying experiences for customers based on their unique needs and preferences. Capitalize on product opportunities, buying behaviors, and hidden gems with AI powered predictive analytics. Create segments based on any attribute or event, such as browsing history, cart value, or email engagement, or find automatically segmented customers based on propensity to buy or churn. Activate those segments in real-time across Optimizely products and other channels. For example, offer a discount code based on customer cart value or product interest. We went from ground zero to a fully functioning program powered by ODP, real-time segments, experimentation - all within a five-month period. The program is scaling, our velocity is awesome, and we’re excited about the future. Technical Marketing Strategist Personalization at scale is the goal to enable data-driven experiences, automation of processes, data integrity and compliance, drive engagement and conversion, and create ‘always on’ marketing campaigns. Chief Information Officer , Australian Red Cross Already have a Customer Data Platform (CDP)? CDP Audience Sync is a connector that allows you to use your own CDP with Optimizely Data Platform. Send segments from your CDP straight to Data Platform for real-time experimentation and personalization. Get started Global HQ 119 5th Ave 7th floor New York, NY 10003, USA Contact us Phone: +1 603 594 0249 Products All products Plans & pricing Integrations Roadmap Services Resources Insights Blog Developers Support Education Company About us Working at Optimizely Diversity & inclusion Executive team Press