ZAKRA Multipurpose WordPress Theme - Fast, Customizable & SEO-Friendly Skip to content P R I C I N G PREMIUM Features Zakra Free Vs Pro STARTER SITES TESTIMONIALS MORE WooCommerce LMS Blog Zakra Free MultiPurpose WordPress Theme P R I C I N G PREMIUM Features Zakra Free Vs Pro STARTER SITES TESTIMONIALS MORE WooCommerce LMS Blog HELP Support Documentation Bug Report & Feature Request Changelog Roadmap Facebook Community LOGIN HELP Support Documentation Bug Report & Feature Request Changelog Roadmap Facebook Community LOGIN Top-Rated Multipurpose Theme for WordPress with 100+ Templates Create your dream website in a few easy steps with the Zakra Multipurpose WordPress theme. Choose a template, import it, and get your business up and running quickly. It’s fast, secure, and SEO-friendly. Get Started Try free version Starter Sites A collection of website demos created with Zakra and page builders like Gutenberg, BlockArt Blocks, Elementor, and Brizy. Choose a template and import from various categories, such as Business, eCommerce, Magazine, Blog, Portfolio, LMS, etc. Agency 03 Online Store Charity 02 Kantipur News EduSkill Digital Marketing Travel Construction More Templates Highly Customizable WordPress Theme Our WordPress theme comes with a wide array of customization options along with the live preview feature. So, it enables you to effortlessly tailor your website to your heart’s content. Customizable Header Personalize your website with a versatile header top bar, offering multiple layout choices, settings options, and the ability to add logos, buttons, sticky headers, and more. Typography Pick your preferred font family from Google Fonts and fine-tune the font size, weight, line height, etc. Easily manage typography for website elements such as site titles, taglines, menus, headings, etc. Flexible Footer Elevate the appearance of your site with a dynamic footer that provides numerous layout & setting choices, and allows copyright text editing, widget placement, etc. Unlimited Color Options Explore a diverse range of color options within the theme. Choose the colors that perfectly reflect your brand's identity, ensuring an engaging website that resonates with your audience. Layout Options Select the preferred layout for your website's pages, posts, sidebar, and blogs. Further, explore various container layouts like wide, boxed, separate, and more to customize the site's appearance. Customizable Menu Customize your site’s menu's color and design to align with your brand's aesthetics. You can also enhance the user experience by styling drop-down and mobile menus for seamless navigation. Lightning-Fast Performance Zakra is optimized for speed ensuring blazing-fast performance. But don't just take our word for it – our results with various speed testing tools speak for themselves. Full Compatibility With Your Favorite Tools We understand you want to enhance your site's functionality with various popular plugins. So, our developers stay ahead by seamlessly integrating these plugins for you. Gutenberg WooCommerce Elementor WPML Yoast SEO Brizy Rank Math WP Rocket The Events Calendar Jetpack Everest Forms BlockArt Masteriyo Smush Seamless WooCommerce Integration Turn your website into a fully functional online store with our free multipurpose WordPress theme. Zakra seamlessly integrates with WooCommerce and offers top-notch eCommerce features. View More Why Choose Us - Zakra Theme Zakra is the one-stop solution for creating any website. It is developed by a team of professional developers & designers and backed up by a friendly support team. Reliable Support Services Regular Updates SEO Optimization Fast & Secure Translation & RTL Ready Compatible with SEO Plugins Featured By Our multipurpose WordPress theme is recommended by the leading WordPress companies. Star Ratings Based on 550+ User Reviews 4.9/5 Based on 550+ reviews 4.8/5 Based on 90+ reviews 50K+ Satisfied Zakra User 550+ authentic user reviews from the official WordPress.org site. Get to know the exciting experience of real users. You could be one of them. The Zakra Theme is easy to use and fast I have enjoyed it very much. I got a score of 88 on the Google Lighthouse speed test, and all the other marks were 100. It's so good to go. Thanks for the theme! @maggenti A perfect support and a great theme Thank you for your quick help! I really enjoy the experience on my website @antonella21 Outstanding WP theme After months of looking through dozens of WP themes for my site, I found Zakra and knew right away that this was the one. It’s fast, user-friendly, and has dozens of cool features. Just what I needed. Thanks! @joecustomer Simple, fast, and powerful It's simple, fast, and powerful. Thank you so much for saving us from an urgent design change. @asesordigitalco Really impressed with Zakra for getting my website up and running Chose the Zakra theme after struggling to get the functionality I wanted with the default scheme. The free version is really easy to use, even for a beginner. @sharonkk Super cool theme and their support team. Thanks for such an amazing theme and your services. @akshay00778787 Absolutely Unbelievable! I can’t believe how much I struggled with WordPress development in the past because I used themes that offered few features. Thank you so much to the Zakra developer! @codyrap95 Very good and free. I’ve been looking for a theme like this for a long time Easy to use, can edit header and footer, has many customizable menus, and is friendly with elementor. Hope it becomes more and more perfect day by day <3 Many thank <3 @jeanydang More Reviews Make Your Website Remarkable Create your dream website within a few easy steps and get your business up and running in no time. It’s fast, secure, and SEO-friendly. Get Started Zakra - Best Free Multipurpose WordPress theme with endless possibilities to create sites of any niche, including business, blogging, eCommerce, magazine, portfolio, etc. Zakra is the most customizable theme that provides you the freedom to build creative & modern websites. Pages Blog Support Customization Roadmap Our Other Projects ThemeGrill Everest Forms User Registration Masteriyo WPBlockArt Company Affiliate Program Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions © 2026 ZakraTheme | Built with Zakra theme | Powered by WordPress Scroll to top ✕ Start Building Stunning Websites with Zakra Free Enter your email below and we’ll send you the download link instantly. First Name Last Name Email * Email Get Zakra Free Now You’ll receive latest updates, expert tips and exclusive deals for Zakra Unsubscribe anytime. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy