Server Hosting with ZAP 2.5 - instant online & prepaid - ZAP-Hosting.com Webinterface query paused for performance reasons - click to continue working Rent a server ··· Support support@zap-hosting.com Blog € Deutsch English Frontpage Gameserver FiveM Server FiveM Upvotes TeamSpeak 3 Ts3-/Discord MusicBot vServer Rootserver Dedicated server Webspace Domain Partner Blog Gameserver TeamSpeak VPS Dedicated server FiveM Web Hosting Lifetime Server instant online ... configure, pay, enjoy! Server hosting with the new ZAP 2.5 – Unique, Elegant and Fast How important is an intuitive, modern and mobile optimized web panel for managing your servers to you? It is just as important to us as fast, DDoS-protected and fail-safe Minecraft game-servers . You’re just one button away from being thrilled. 😱 ZAP-Hosting Servers The world of hosting is yours – all in one ZAP account. Fast scalable VPS , powerful root servers or a DDoS protected game servers from the unique ZAP cloud. If hosting, then ZAP-Hosting. Waiting time? 🤔 No way! Host your own server in 60 seconds 🚀 Gameserver starting at 2.67 € Cloud Gameserver starting at 2.67 € Lifetime Gameserver starting at 100.00 € Voiceserver starting at 1.90 € Teamspeak 3 Server starting at 1.90 € Lifetime Teamspeak 3 Server starting at 114.00 € Webspace starting at 3.90 € Webspace starting at 3.90 € Lifetime Webspace starting at 46.80 € vServer starting at 7.70 € VPS starting at 7.70 € Lifetime VPS starting at 64.00 € Domain starting at 7.90 € Domain starting at 7.90 € Bot starting at 4.49 € Ts3-/Discord MusicBot starting at 4.49 € Lifetime Ts3-/Discord MusicBot starting at 79.00 € Premium Storage starting at 2.90 € Premium Backup Storage starting at 2.90 € Other products starting at 7.99 € Execute album starting at 39.99 € JEAW GAMERLIFE starting at 7.99 € ZAP-Hosting energy drink can starting at 10.00 € Dedicated server starting at 40.90 € Dedicated Server starting at 40.90 € Lifetime Dedicated Server starting at 497.90 € Marketplace starting at 4.82 € FiveM Upvotes starting at 4.82 € FiveM Upvote BURST starting at 10.71 € Our server locations 🌍 For the optimal connection we offer various locations, so that your project has the necessary speed. Singapore, Asia + 50 % With the Singapore location in the OVH data center in Asia, we cover the entire Southeast-Asian region (SEA). Particularly players from metropolitan areas and countries like Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Philippines, Thailand, Cambodia and Vietnam benefit from this location. Hardware: Rented Intel server processors and Intel OC gaming CPUs with high clock rates are used. Only NVMe SSD hard disks are used. DDoS Protection: The DDoS protection in the data center is very sophisticated and withstands even stronger attacks without major loss problems. On site personnel: Technicians are on duty around the clock and are notified fully automatically in the event of failures. Singapur Sydney, Australia + 50 % Location Sydney in OVH data center in Australia covers the entire Australian area (OCE) , as well as New Zealand. Players from this room benefit from extremely short ping times and no longer have to switch to American or South Asian servers. Hardware: Intel server processors and Intel OC gaming CPUs with high clock rates are used. Only NVMe SSD hard disks are used. DDoS Protection: The DDoS protection in the data center is very mature and withstands even stronger attacks without major loss issues. On site personnel: Technicians are on duty around the clock and are informed fully automatically in the event of failures. Sydney, Australia London, UK + 50 % With our location in London (UK) in the OVH data center, we are expanding our coverage in Europe. In addition to our main location "Frankfurt am Main", customers from UK specifically benefit from our location in London. Other European countries on the mainland already have excellent latency to Frankfurt, so there is no need here to offer additional locations on the mainland. Hardware: Rented Intel server processors and Intel OC gaming CPUs with high clock rates are used. Only NVMe SSD hard disks are used. DDoS Protection: The DDoS Protection in the data center is very strong and withstands even heavy attacks without losses. On-site personnel: Technicians are on duty around the clock and are informed fully automatically in the event of failures. New London House, 6 London St, London EC3R 7LP, United Kingdom Montreal, Canada + 50 % With the location Montreal (more precisely: Beauharnois) at the OVH Data Center in Canada we do not only cover the east coast of Canada, but also the east coast of America, especially American metropolises like New York, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, etc., so for the northern US east coast optimal pings are to be expected. Hardware: Rented Intel server processors and Intel OC gaming CPUs with high clock speeds are used. Only SSD hard disks are used. DDoS Protection: The DDoS Protection in the data center is well-engineered and can withstand stronger attacks without major loss problems. On-site personnel: Technicians are on duty around the clock and are automatically informed in the event of breakdowns. 50 Rue de l'Aluminerie, Beauharnois, QC J6N 0C2, Kanada FFM / Eygelshoven, GER + 0 % We offer our own server infrastructure with our own network and dedicated hardware at our main location in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. The company \"ZAP-Hosting\" was founded at this location in 2010. The Tier III data center \"SkyLink\" in Eygelshoven (near Aachen, directly on the Dutch border) was introduced in March 2020 as a \"branch office\" of our data center in Frankfurt. All traffic is routed via Frankfurt so that our customers benefit from an optimal connection and DDoS protection. DDoS protection Since December 2019, we have been using Combahton DDoS protection with Corebackbone pre-filtering in Frankfurt and Eygelshoven. Hardware: We mainly use HP C7000 G3 ProLiant blade systems with 16x HP G8/G9 blades, each equipped with 2x E5-2690v2/v4 CPUs. These have DDR3 and DDR4 ECC memory with speeds of up to 3000 MHz. We rely on Juniper switches. Our core switch has 48x 10G SFP+ ports, via which the entire uplink of our infrastructure is provided. We supply all other switches with uplinks via this switch. IP networks As an official RIPE member, we offer our own IP addresses at this location.\n Dieselstraße 37, 60314 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland Dallas, USA (central) + 10 % At the PsychZ Data Center in the State of Texas we have moved into a location with our own hardware and network technology. Hardware: We use our own network hardware (Juniper EX3300 switches) with 4x 10G SFP+ uplinks. At this location we rely on Dell R720 servers with powerful XEON CPUs at clock speeds between 3 and 3.4 GHz. DDoS Protection: The location is equipped with a strong DDoS Protection protected, that offers optimal protection and performance against stronger DDoS attacks, optimized for Gameservers . On-site personnel: The data center offers first-time support and has a Technician around the clock . IP networks: As an official RIPE member, we have our own IP networks at this location and therefore you can book your own IP addresses with us . 1515 Round Table Dr, Dallas, TX 75247 Ashburn, USA (East) + 10 % In the PsychZ data center in the state of Virginia , we have a location with our own hardware and network technology Hardware: We use our own network hardware (Juniper QFX5100 switches) with 40G QSFP+ uplinks In this location we mainly use HP C7000 Bladecenter Servers with powerful XEON CPUs at clock speeds between 2.8 and 3.8 GHz. DDoS Protection: We rely on our own filter hardware here, using the protection software from "aurologic", which is highly optimized for game servers. Since 2019, the software has been further developed and improved at our main location in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, in close cooperation with aurologic. This allows us to offer one of the best game server DDoS protections on the market. On-site staff The data center provides first-time support and technicians around the clock. IP Networks: At this location, as an official RIPE member, we have our own IP networks and therefore offer booking of our own IP addresses . PsychZ Network, 3873 Park Center Rd #75 Herndon, VA 20171, USA Los Angeles, USA (west) + 10 % At the PsychZ data center in the state of California , we have moved to a location with our own hardware and network technology Hardware: We use our own network hardware (Juniper QFX5100 switches) with 40G QSFP+ uplinks In this location we mainly use HP C7000 Bladecenter servers with powerful XEON CPUs at clock rates between 2.8 and 3.8 GHz. PsychZ Network, 700 Wilshire Boulevard,  Los Angeles, USA Details on our Hosting products Hosting in real-time? What does that even mean? It’s time for some details. Livechat Prepaid Option Automated setup Powerful hardware Custom webinterface Host your server now 👋 Our Best Sellers from the Game-Cloud From Counter-Strike to ARK to Minecraft . The game cloud of ZAP is huge. Over 150 Minecraft modpacks and another 100 games available. FiveM ab 7.90 € Minecraft: Vanilla ab 2.76 € Minecraft: Paper Spigot ab 2.76 € Minecraft: Forge ab 2.76 € Minecraft: Spigot ab 2.76 € Minecraft: Fabric ab 2.76 € Discord Bot ab 3.00 € SCP: Secret Laboratory Vanilla ab 5.90 € Palworld: Palworld ab 7.14 € Satisfactory: Satisfactory Dedicated Server ab 3.60 € ARK: SE (+ All DLCs) ab 7.90 € Minecraft: Bedrock ab 2.76 € Minecraft: Bukkit ab 2.76 € Valheim: Valheim ab 7.90 € DayZ: DayZ Standalone ab 11.80 € Curse / Twitch: All the Mods 10 ab 2.76 € Minecraft: NeoForge ab 2.76 € Project Zomboid ab 6.90 € Enshrouded ab 3.16 € RedM ab 7.90 € Let’s go 🚀 Game-Server Hosting Testserver, convince yourself You’d rather form your own opinion? No problem! Just test a server from the community. 🔥 Filter: All Dallas, USA (central) FFM / Eygelshoven, GER Montreal, Canada Singapore, Asia Sydney, Australia London, UK Los Angeles, USA (west) Ashburn, USA (East) What our customers say We can promise you a lot, therefore we let our customers speak for us. 💪 Ready when you are Have we convinced you? We are ready. Create an account now – get started! Host your Server now ✌️ The following long-term partners and customers trust us FiveM Skylink Data Center Psychz Networks aurologic Digitale VIgnette Online Österreich PletX Create ticket via mail average response time: 1 Sec. Your name (optional) Your E-Mail Subject Your message Submit Abort Confirm login Username / E-Mail Password Log in Abort Close VPS/Dedicated servers VPS hosting Dedicated server hosting Gameserver Game-server hosting - FiveM servers - Minecraft servers - DayZ servers - Palworld servers - BeamMP servers - Enshrouded servers - Counter-Strike 2 servers - Valheim servers Buy a lifetime game-server & more Buy a lifetime server Server hosting TS3 server hosting TS3/Discord musicbot hosting Discord Bot hosting Domain hosting Webspace hosting Buy Execute CDs Our partners Affiliate program ZAP-Hosting Hoster comparison Changelog Merchandise Contact us ..! info [at] zap-hosting.com Follow us ..! Legal Terms Imprint Privacy Policy Security Jobs All gamecontent and trademarks are the property of their respective owners - all rights reserved Copyright 2010 - 2026 ZAP-Hosting.com . Alle Rechte vorbehalten. Debug ID: 41c1cc20-c936-4435-bee1-4bb546ed75ad ZAP-Hosting GmbH - Hafenweg 8 - 48155 Münster Alle Preise inkl. gesetzl. MwSt. des jeweiligen EU-Landes USt.-ID: DE 320366231 SOON... ... our Board will be available and you'll be able to exchange with other customers or members of our ZAP Community . We are still working on optimizing everything to make the experience perfect. The new board will get a brand new Design and a much more clear view. Be excited! Got it! Login or register Log in to your ZAP account or register now. The registration is free , there are no duty of payment. All products are also available as prepaid products . That means, if you do not continue paying your server, it will be closed automatically without any costs . Logged in successfully! Your login is being checked.. Login Forgot your password? Confirmation required Login or register Register at ZAP and become part of the ZAP community. Experience a beautiful control panel to manage your servers. 🚀 Sign up! 👋 Logged in successfully! Your login is being checked.. Forgot your password? Login or register Forgot your password? No Problem! Just enter your username or e-mail address here. We will send you a link to reset your password. Reset Logged in successfully! Your login is being checked.. Sign up! 👋 Login Login Abort Change password Old Password: Password: Retype password: Abort Change password