My Cart Sign In Sign Up
 Company
 Director
 Trademark
 Address
Submit
Browse Companies by Activity, Age and Location

Zauba Corp helps you know financial performance of businesses you deal with




Access critical documents and information for facts based decision making

Articles of Association

The Articles of Association is a document that contains the purpose of the company as well as the duties and responsibilities of its members defined and recorded clearly. It is an important document which needs to be filed with the Registrar of Companies.

Articles of association often identify the manner in which a company will issue stock shares, pay dividends and audit financial records and power of voting rights.

Memorandum of Association

Memorandum of Association is a document that regulates a company's external activities and must be drawn up on the formation of a registered or incorporated company. As the company's charter it forms the company's constitution.

The memorandum of association gives the company's name, names of its members (shareholders) and number of shares held by them, and location of its registered office. It also states the company's (1) objectives, (2) amount of authorized share capital, (3) whether liability of its members is limited by shares or by guaranty, and (4) what type of contracts the company is allowed to enter into.

The memorandum is a public document and may be inspected by anyone, usually at the public office where it is lodged.

Balance Sheet

Balance sheet is an accounting statement that summarises various assets, liabilities and equities held by a company on a specific date.

Balance sheet is an important document for creditors, investors, customers and suppliers. All creditors and investors need to familiarize themselves with the assets, liabilities, and equity of a company. The balance sheet is the best place to find all financial information at one place.

Charge Documents
(Loans and Mortgages)

Charge documents provide details of assets pledged as security to financial institutions. As a customer, supplier, investor or creditor, it is important to be aware of advances of a company.

Documents related

to appointment and
resignation
of
Directors

All information,

documents and
forms filed with Registrar
of
Companies

Who are we?

Zauba Corp is India's leading provider of commercial information and insight on businesses. The team behind Zauba Corp have one goal - to be your sole resource for critical information. We gather data from a number of official sources and third parties to give you all the information you need, in one easy to use website.

Import Export Data
FAQ \ Privacy Policy \ Terms of Use \ Refunds & Cancellation \ Contact US
© 2025 Zauba Technologies Private Limited. All rights reserved.
×
Purchase Company Reports

You have the following companies in your cart. To add more companies to cart, you may close this window and continue adding other companies to your cart.

Email ID

Reports are created based on all the documents filed by the company till date

Continue
×
Purchase Company Reports

Your cart is empty. You may add a company to your cart by clicking on "Purchase Report" on any company profile page.

Continue
×
Purchase Company Report

You have the following companies in your cart. To add more companies to cart, you may close this window and continue adding other companies to your cart.

Email ID

Reports are created based on all the documents filed by the company till date

Continue