Zed — Love your editor again Product Extensions Docs Blog Pricing Resources P Sign up S Download D Love your editor again Zed is a minimal code editor crafted for speed and collaboration with humans and AI. Download now D Clone source C Available for macOS, Linux, and Windows Fast Written from scratch in Rust to efficiently leverage multiple CPU cores and your GPU. Intelligent Integrate LLMs into your workflow to generate, transform, and analyze code. Collaborative Chat with teammates, write notes together, and share your screen and project. All included. Fast Written from scratch in Rust to efficiently leverage multiple CPU cores and your GPU. Intelligent Integrate LLMs into your workflow to generate, transform, and analyze code. Collaborative Chat with teammates, write notes together, and share your screen and project. All included. World-class developers use Zed Trusted by industry-leading teams. I've had my mind blown using Zed with Claude 3.5 Sonnet. I wrote up a few sentences around a research idea and Claude 3.5 Sonnet delivered a first pass in seconds. When I spotted some small mistakes, I highlighted the parts I wanted to change and shared feedback for it to fix. I was able to go from idea to running experiment code in half an hour —it was really easy and fun. Ethan Perez Adversarial Robustness Research Lead Yes! Now I can have shortcuts to run and debug tests. Ever since snippets were added, Zed has all of the features I could ask for in an editor. José Valim Creator of Elixir This is obviously a product built with love and care. I can tell it from two minutes of using it. Kudos to the team. Dan Abramov Engineer and React Core team member My god it is so fast. Boot time, UI interaction, typing latency. I feel it. I knew VS Code always felt sluggish, but I didn't realize how good things could really be. I'm honestly astounded. Matt Baker Principal Engineer I’ve started using Zed, and I love it. Lots of subtle innovations (multibuffers, inlay hints, collaboration). Thoughtful, precise design. And the speed, the speed! Mike Bostock Creator of D3.js, founder of Observable Forever shipping Zed just works Incredibly powerful out of the box. And it only gets better as, every week, there's always a new version. View all releases Learn More → Zed for Windows It's here—fast, native, and ready for your team. Learn More → Expanded  Video Play  Video Debugger Built on the Debug Adapter Protocol (DAP), native support for debugging across multiple programming languages. Learn More → Expanded  Video Play  Video Agentic Editing Zed now natively supports agentic editing, enabling fluent collaboration between humans and AI. Learn More → Expanded  Video Play  Video Native Git Support First-class support for staging, committing, pulling, pushing, viewing diffs, and more. Learn More → Expanded  Video Play  Video Edit Prediction A tool that anticipates your next move. Powered by Zeta, our new open-source, open-data language model. Zed for Windows It's here—fast, native, and ready for your team. Debugger Built on the Debug Adapter Protocol (DAP), native support for debugging across multiple programming languages. Agentic Editing Zed now natively supports agentic editing, enabling fluent collaboration between humans and AI. Native Git Support First-class support for staging, committing, pulling, pushing, viewing diffs, and more. Edit Prediction A tool that anticipates your next move. Powered by Zeta, our new open-source, open-data language model. Remote Development Your machine only runs the Zed UI, while the actual codebase runs on a remote server. Multibuffer editing Multibuffers compose excerpts from across the codebase in one editable surface. Vim-friendly First-class modal editing via Vim bindings, including features like text objects and marks. Stay in the loop for what's coming next. View our roadmap → Loading… AI that works the way you code Zed doesn't lock you into one model, it gives you the fastest way to collaborate with any agent. Learn about AI in Zed Agentic Editing Agentic Editing Delegate work to the agent, follow their progress live and review changes with ease. Learn more → Edit Prediction Edit Prediction An open-source, open-data language model that predicts what you'll type next. Learn more → Inline Assistant Inline Assistant Easily transform your code in-line by sending selected code to a language model. Learn more → Text Threads Text Threads Engage with LLMs in a plain text interface. It's just an editor, like you already know it. Learn more → Expanded  Video Play  Video Agentic Editing Delegate work to the agent, follow their progress live and review changes with ease. Edit Prediction An open-source, open-data language model that predicts what you'll type next. Inline Assistant Easily transform your code in-line by sending selected code to a language model. Text Threads Engage with LLMs in a plain text interface. It's just an editor, like you already know it. Growing extensions ecosystem Boost your Zed experience by choosing from hundreds of extensions that broaden language support, offer different themes, and more. Create an extension HTML 3.5M HTML support. Isaac Clayton Catppuccin 625k 🦀 Soothing pastel theme for Zed Catppuccin TOML 591k TOML support. Max Brunsfeld, Ammar Arif Git Firefly 480k Provides Git Syntax Highlighting d1y, Peter Tripp Java 443k Java support. Valentine Briese, Samuser107 L.Longheval, Yury Abykhodau Dockerfile 440k Dockerfile support. d1y, joshmeads PHP 371k PHP support. Piotr Osiewicz SQL 338k SQL language support. nervenes, notpeter, phileix, tammyxiong Ruby 295k Ruby support. Vitaly Slobodin macOS Classic Theme 290k A macOS native style theme, let it same like native app in macOS. Jason Lee Vue 283k Vue support. Zed Industries Catppuccin Icons 271k 🦊 Soothing pastel icons for Zed Catppuccin Tokyo Night Themes 223k Tokyo Night Themes ssaunderss Make 205k Makefile syntax highlighting Caius Durling, d1y, Marshall Bowers, Luke Naylor, Igor Támara, Michael Alexander SCSS 205k SCSS support Raunak Raj Material Icon Theme 190k Material Design icons. Zed Industries Lua 178k Lua support. Max Brunsfeld Svelte 174k Svelte support Zed Industries Terraform 164k Terraform support. Caius Durling, Daniel Banck LaTeX 163k LaTeX language server and syntax highlighting for Zed. See wiki on GitHub for help. Ruben Zukic, Oli Callaghan, Luke Naylor, Jan Solanti And many more we couldn't fit here. View all extensions → All the little details Built with ultimate care Every single feature in Zed has been designed to advance the state of the art. Anything less isn’t worth building. All the little details Built with ultimate care Every single feature in Zed has been designed to advance the state of the art. Anything less isn’t worth building. Language Server Protocol support Fully integrate your language of choice. Outline view Navigate through a file's symbols. Text and line manipulation Code efficiently with advanced text editing capacities. Expanded  Video Play  Video Language Server Protocol support Fully integrate your language of choice. Outline view Navigate through a file's symbols. Text and line manipulation Code efficiently with advanced text editing capacities. And a lot more... Remote Development Offset computing to the server. Diagnostics Multibuffer Project-wide errors and warnings. Custom snippets Speed up repetitive flows. CLI Use Zed from the command line. Markdown preview Visualize how your docs look like. Rename refactoring Project-wide symbols renaming. Syntax-aware selections Efficiently select syntax nodes. Inlay Hints Peek through your code. A letter From the team Programming and the tools we use to do so are changing. As the culmination of 15 years of work developing industry-leading tools for developers like Atom, Electron, and Tree-sitter, Zed strives to be at the forefront of this transformation. We're confident that the future of software development lies in fluent collaboration between humans and AI. Crafted from the ground up, Zed is here to make this vision a reality. Zed Industries Nathan Sobo, Antonio Scandurra, Max Brunsfeld The latest from Zed Check out recent announcements, the Zed Decoded series, and other in-depth posts about Zed behind the curtains. View our blog Zed Moves Toward Secure-by-Default: Introducing Worktree Trust We're introducing a new worktree trust mechanism while maintaining options for a low-friction experience you expect from Zed. December 17th, 2025 Newest How We Rebuilt Settings in Zed Behind-the-scenes peek at all the required work to expose a myriad of Zed's settings in a UI. December 12th, 2025 Hidden Gems: Part 2 Favorite workflows and hidden features from the Zed team and community. Joseph Lyons December 11th, 2025 Zed Has Rainbow Brackets A whole new world of color comes to Zed. Kirill Bulatov December 3rd, 2025 Nerd-sniped: Project Search Why was it slow, and why is it still slow? Piotr Osiewicz November 26th, 2025 Daily drive with Zed Code at the speed of thought. Download now D Clone source C Zed Industries © 2025 Sign Up · Already have an account? Sign In End User Terms · Attributions Product Download Releases Extensions Roadmap Docs GitHub ↗ Status ↗ Resources FAQ CLA Community Support Discussions ↗ Subscribe Yearly Recaps Company Blog About Values Team Jobs Brand Social Twitter ↗ Bluesky ↗ YouTube ↗ Discord ↗ Reddit ↗