📬 Send donor mail in minutes—not hours
TRY DONOR MAIL
$0 Pricing
Solutions
Compare
Causes
Resources
Login
Sign up for free
FR
All-in-one fundraising platform with zero fees.
From donations and ticketing to raffles, auctions, and donor management. Used and loved by over 50,000 nonprofits.

Start fundraising - it's free forever!
How would you like to fundraise?
Donations
Ticketing
Raffles
& Lotteries
Donor
management
Auction
Online store
Peer-to-peer
campaigns
Memberships
Collect donations for free
How it works
1: Create your fundraising form
Collect donations, sell tickets, host raffles, and more! Customize every detail—100% free.
2: Collect payments in one click
Make giving easy with credit cards, Apple Pay, Google Pay, and ACH transfers—always fee-free.
3: Keep 100% of what you raise
Receive all funds—no fees attached. Every dollar supports your mission, not payment processors.
Sign up for free
Zeffy makes money exclusively from optional tips from your donors
Will I ever have to pay to use Zeffy?

No you won’t! Zeffy is completely free for nonprofits - no platform fees, no credit card fees, no fees period! We've never charged a single cent to nonprofits and we never will. 100% of all payments you receive through Zeffy go directly to your nonprofit.

How does Zeffy make money?

Zeffy relies entirely on optional tips from your donors. When making a payment on a Zeffy form, your donors can choose to contribute to Zeffy or not. On average, 2 out of 3 donors leave us a tip. This is enough to cover all our costs and re-invest in the development of Zeffy. Zeffy has been working with nonprofits for 7 years and, thanks to this 100% free model, currently supports 50,000 organizations across North America.

What if my donors don’t leave a tip?

Donors are never forced to tip Zeffy. They can leave an optional tip if they want to support Zeffy. If they don't, the nonprofit still keeps 100% of the money raised.

Trusted by over 50,000 nonprofit organizations

Friends of Rescue Animals has saved $1,700 in fees by fundraising on Zeffy.

Kids Cancer Care has saved $195,000 in fees by fundraising on Zeffy.

Kimball Camp YMCA has saved over $7,500 fundraising on Zeffy.

Nantucket Boys and Girls club has saved over $4,000 fundraising on Zeffy.

SPCALL saved $7,000 in transaction fees using Zeffy's fundraising platform

Outreach360 has saved over $6,000 in fees by switching from Classy to Zeffy.

Our solutions
Supporting your fundraising efforts from start to finish
Ticketing

Sell more tickets for your next fundraising event with frictionless ticketing forms.

Learn more
Donations

Offer your website visitors an efficient and intuitive way to give to your cause.

Learn more
Peer-to-peer campaigns

Make it easy for your community to participate in your fundraising efforts.

Learn more
eCommerce

Diversify your fundraising by opening on online store for your nonprofit.

Learn more
Raffles & lotteries

Easily launch a raffle with our numbered ticketing options.


Learn more
Auction

Diversify your fundraising by inviting your donors to bid on items.

Learn more
Memberships

Make it easy for your supporters to register as a member to your cause.

Learn more
Donor management

Engage with the right donors at the right time with seamless donor management.

Learn more
Kudos from fundraisers like you
Zeffy is a dream solution for our fundraising.

“Working alongside the Zeffy team, we’ve had our two best fundraising years in our agency’s 60-year history! Our reps spent time getting to know our agency and its goals; it's obvious that they care about our success. As far as integrity goes, every promise Zeffy made has been delivered.”

Sarah Cassidy,
Corporate Services Coordinator
Easy to use and suits our needs!

“Prior to 2021, SAT was soliciting very few donations annually. With Zeffy's unique payout method that allows us to keep 100% of our donations, we started our very first annual fundraising campaign. Zeffy has been an essential partner in the success of our campaigns. In one year, we raised over $100,000 in donations!”

Jean-Philippe Alepins,
Director of Public and Private Finance
Zeffy allows us to collect 100% of our donations!

“Simple, intuitive and attractive. In a few clicks, we are able to customize our page to follow our organization’s brand. If we ever have trouble setting things up, it is so simple to get support! The staff is always helpful and provides regular follow up.”

Camille Nineuil,
Psychometrician
We highly recommend Zeffy!

“We have been using Zeffy for some time now for donations and ticket sales for our benefit events. It's a simple and pleasant platform to use. Plus, the customer service is fast and courteous. We highly recommend it.”

Yves Gauthier,
Executive Assistant
We are truly under Zeffy's spell!

“Zeffy is really easy to use, while offering many features that really meet our needs. It's a lot of fun to use! Above all, it is completely free and without transaction fees. This allows our organization to better support our mission of promoting the well-being of young people.”

Joudie Dubois
Executive Director
Success stories
Success stories
Village Reach lost $1500 to Donorbox fees. They’ve already saved nearly as much with Zeffy.

Village Reach supports innovative programs all over the world. The $1,500 it lost in fees could have changed dozens of lives, so Village Reach switched to Zeffy.

Read more
Success stories
Zeffy Proves a Valuable Tool for the Jefferson County Democrats

The Jefferson County Democrats needed a low-cost fundraising solution to host events and keep track of membership. Zeffy offered all this and more.

Read more
Success stories
No Office. All Volunteers. No Time to Waste. How Waggytail Rescue Saves NYC’s Vulnerable Pets — One Zero-Fee Donation at a Time

With Zeffy’s zero-fee fundraising platform, Waggytail Rescue turned saved fees into vet care, transport, and urgent surgeries for at-risk dogs in New York City.

Read more
Get inspired
Ready to get started for free?
Sign up for free
SOLUTIONS
Donation
Ticketing
Peer-to-Peer Fundraising
eCommerce
Raffles & lotteries
Auction
Membership
Donor Management
Tap to Pay
Donor Mail
FEATURES
Fundraising thermometer
Donation receipts
Recurring donations
Fundraiser tickets
Donate button
Digital wallets
Membership cards
Payment processing
Donation letter
Donation page
COMPANY
100% free
100% free - for donors
About
Blog
Research
Templates
Careers
Roadmap
Brand assets
Affiliates
Donate
FUNDRAISING TIPS
Schools
Churches
Museums
Foodbanks
Animal Shelters
See all categories
SUPPORT
Fundraising ideas
Compare
Documentation
Contact
Request a feature
Case studies
Legal & Privacy
Get weekly fundraising tips from nonprofits experts
Subscribe to the Zeffy newsletter today!

© 2025 Zeffy, inc. All rights reserved.

	
	