Time Zone Converter: Calculate time difference between time zones in the world Time Difference Toggle navigation Time Difference, Current Local Time and Date of the World's Time Zones. Metropoles The largest cities on the planet Shanghai , China Beijing , China Shenzhen , China Guangzhou , China Kinshasa , Democratic Republic of the Congo Lagos , Nigeria Istanbul , Turkey Chengdu , China Mumbai , India São Paulo , Brazil Mexico City , Mexico Karachi , Pakistan Tianjin , China Delhi , India Wuhan , China Moscow , Russia Dhaka , Bangladesh Seoul , South Korea Dongguan , China Cairo , Egypt Xi’an , China Nanjing , China Hangzhou , China Foshan , China Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam London , United Kingdom New York City , United States Jakarta , Indonesia Bengaluru , India Tokyo , Japan Hanoi , Vietnam Taipei , Taiwan Lima , Peru Bogotá , Colombia Hong Kong , Hong Kong Chongqing , China Baghdad , Iraq Qingdao , China Tehran , Iran Shenyang , China Countries List of countries by population China India USA Indonesia Pakistan Brazil Nigeria Bangladesh Russia Japan Mexico Ethiopia Philippines Egypt Vietnam Kongo Germany Turkey Iran Thailand France United Kingdom Italy South Africa Tanzania Myanmar South Korea Kenya Colombia Spain Ukraine Argentina Uganda Algeria Sudan Iraq Poland Afghanistan Canada Morocco All countries About us Deutsch Español Français 中文 हिंदी New York London Hong Kong Singapore São Paulo Frankfurt Tokyo Sydney Time Zone Converter (Time Difference Calculator) Compare the local time of two timezones, countries or cities of the world. Time Difference, Current Local Time and Date of the World's Time Zones Look up the current local time and the date Simply enter any place, country or time zone and figure out the current local time with its corresponding date. Identify the time difference between two cities or countries Calculate the time difference between two places with the time zone calculator. Schedule online meetings across time zones Compare times in two places in the world and find the best time for video conferences across national borders and time zones. Daylight Saving Time Future Clock Changes (Worldwide) Time Zone Africa / Casablanca Sunday, February 15, 2026 1 hour back : from 3:00 am to 2:00 am (To Daylight Saving Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: Casablanca Rabat Fès Sale Marrakesh Agadir Tangier Meknès Oujda-Angad Al Hoceïma Time Zone America / Havana Sunday, March 8, 2026 1 hour forward : from 12:00 am to 1:00 am (To Daylight Saving Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: Havana Santiago de Cuba Camagüey Holguín Guantánamo Santa Clara Diez de Octubre Arroyo Naranjo Las Tunas Bayamo Time Zone America / St_Johns Sunday, March 8, 2026 1 hour forward : from 2:00 am to 3:00 am (To Daylight Saving Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: St. John's Mount Pearl Corner Brook Conception Bay South Grand Falls-Windsor Gander Stephenville Bay Roberts Time Zone America / Glace_Bay Sunday, March 8, 2026 1 hour forward : from 2:00 am to 3:00 am (To Daylight Saving Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: Sydney Glace Bay Sydney Mines Time Zone America / Detroit Sunday, March 8, 2026 1 hour forward : from 2:00 am to 3:00 am (To Daylight Saving Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: Detroit Grand Rapids Warren Sterling Heights Ann Arbor Lansing Clinton Township Flint Dearborn Livonia Time Zone America / Chicago Sunday, March 8, 2026 1 hour forward : from 2:00 am to 3:00 am (To Daylight Saving Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: Chicago Houston San Antonio Dallas Austin Fort Worth Nashville Oklahoma City New South Memphis Memphis Time Zone America / Boise Sunday, March 8, 2026 1 hour forward : from 2:00 am to 3:00 am (To Daylight Saving Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: Boise Meridian Nampa Idaho Falls Pocatello Caldwell Twin Falls Rexburg Eagle Conda Time Zone America / Los_Angeles Sunday, March 8, 2026 1 hour forward : from 2:00 am to 3:00 am (To Daylight Saving Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: Los Angeles San Diego San Jose San Francisco Seattle Portland Las Vegas Fresno Sacramento Long Beach Time Zone America / Anchorage Sunday, March 8, 2026 1 hour forward : from 2:00 am to 3:00 am (To Daylight Saving Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: Anchorage Fairbanks Eagle River Badger Knik-Fairview College Wasilla Lakes Tanaina Kalifornsky Time Zone Asia / Jerusalem Friday, March 27, 2026 1 hour forward : from 2:00 am to 3:00 am (To Daylight Saving Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: Jerusalem Tel Aviv West Jerusalem Haifa Rishon LeTsiyyon Petaẖ Tiqva Netanya Ashdod Bnei Brak H̱olon Time Zone Asia / Gaza Saturday, March 28, 2026 1 hour forward : from 2:00 am to 3:00 am (To Daylight Saving Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: Gaza Khān Yūnis Jabālyā Rafaḩ Dayr al Balaḩ Bayt Lāhyā Bayt Ḩānūn An Nuşayrāt Al Burayj Banī Suhaylā Time Zone Asia / Beirut Sunday, March 29, 2026 1 hour forward : from 12:00 am to 1:00 am (To Daylight Saving Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: Beirut Ra’s Bayrūt Tripoli Sidon Tyre Nabatîyé et Tahta Habboûch Jounieh Zahlé Ghazieh Time Zone Europe / Chisinau Sunday, March 29, 2026 1 hour forward : from 2:00 am to 3:00 am (To Daylight Saving Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: Chisinau Tiraspol Bălţi Bender Rîbniţa Cahul Ungheni Soroca Orhei Dubăsari Time Zone Africa / Ceuta Sunday, March 29, 2026 1 hour forward : from 2:00 am to 3:00 am (To Daylight Saving Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: Melilla Time Zone Australia / Hobart Sunday, April 5, 2026 1 hour back : from 3:00 am to 2:00 am (To Standard Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: Hobart Launceston Burnie Devonport Sandy Bay Glenorchy Kingston Howrah Claremont Blackmans Bay Time Zone Australia / Adelaide Sunday, April 5, 2026 1 hour back : from 3:00 am to 2:00 am (To Standard Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: Adelaide Adelaide Hills Mount Gambier Morphett Vale Gawler Adelaide city centre Parafield Gardens Paralowie Murray Bridge Port Lincoln Time Zone America / Santiago Saturday, April 4, 2026 1 hour back : from 12:00 am to 11:00 pm (To Standard Time) Major Cities in Time Zone: Santiago Puente Alto Antofagasta Viña del Mar Valparaíso Talcahuano San Bernardo Puerto Montt Temuco Concepción Places from current international reports Ankara , Turkey Beirut , Lebanon Gaza , Palestinian Territory Tel Aviv , Israel Windsor , Canada Beijing , China Ukraine Inglewood , United States Myanmar New York City , United States France Kenosha , United States Italy Wuhan , China Doha , Qatar Hong Kong Glossary Time Zone What is a time zone? Why do we have time zones? The history of time zones UTC (Universal Time Coordinated) DST (Daylight Saving Time) Standard Time Time Difference Time Zone What is a time zone? A time zone is a geographical area that has the same state-regulated time, known as "standard time". Due to the size of some countries and the spread of other places belonging under their jurisdiction, one country can be divided into a number of time zones. The United States , for example, contain twenty-nine time zones. Why do we have time zones? The use of time zones makes it easier for us to organise our lives, from commercial operations up to traveling. People living within the same time zone know that they will be working at the same time, while someone in another time zone will work based on the local time of his or her own time zone. The history of time zones Time has traditionally been measured according to the position of the sun in the sky, which is different depending on where you are in the world. In the nineteenth century, when mechanical clocks began to become popular, time was calculated locally. Since the time calculations were based on the position of the sun, they could vary by four minutes for each degree of longitude. A better system was required to enable an efficient operation of railways and new telecommunication systems. In 1847, British railway companies began to standardize the time they were using by providing their staff with portable chronometers, resulting in what became known as ‘Railway Time’. However, in 1855, the Royal Greenwich Observatory started transmitting time signals and in 1880, the Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) became the country’s official standard time. Other countries created their own standard times and, in the late 1880s, the International Meridian Conference proposed a standardised 24-hour day, starting off at midnight GMT. Eventually the rest of the world began to use this system, shaping the time zones we know today. UTC (Universal Time Coordinated) UTC, also known as Universal Time Coordinated, replaced the Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) in 1961 as the time calculation system by which all zones calculated their time. It’s based on the International Atomic Time (TAI), a high-precision time calculation which is composed of an average time of more than 200 atomic clocks around the world, although UTC is slightly behind the International Atomic Time. The world’s time zones are usually shown as either a positive (i.e. ‘+’ a specified number of hours UTC, meaning ahead of UTC) or a negative deviation of UTC (i.e. ‘-’ a specified number of hours UTC, meaning behind UTC). DST (Daylight Saving Time) The Daylight Saving Time is used by many countries during the summer, including the United Kingdom , Germany , Holland , Spain and France and in most American States , so that it is longer daylight in the evenings and longer dark in the mornings. In regions that are using Daylight Saving Time the clocks are typically moved forward by one hour at the beginning of the spring and moved back again by an hour in autumn. The system, which is usually attributed the English-born astronomer and entomologist George Vernon Hudson, was first introduced in Germany during World War I to save coal by requiring less light in the evening. Other countries, including the UK, soon followed Germany. Standard Time Standard time is the name used for the uniform time created by the synchronization of all clocks within a time zone. In the UK, the standard time was introduced in the mid-nineteenth century, when clocks were set according to the Greenwich Mean Time (GMT), shown on the clock on the Prime Meridian at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich, London . Standard times in other time zones around the world were shown as deviations from GMT until 1961 when the Universal Time Coordinated (UTC) was introduced. The standard time of countries using the Daylight Savings Time is usually given without taking the DST into account. Time Difference Time differences between time zones are simple to work out due to the Universal Time Coordinated (UTC). Standard times are shown as positive or negative deviations of UTC, that's why time differences are calculated by determining UTC and calculating each time zone from there. If applicable, differences to standard times as a result of DST also need to be taken into account. The simplest way to figure out the time in another part of the world is to make use of this website. It will help you to discover what cities are in which time zones and it will give you the standard times within each time zone. Furthermore, it will do time difference calculations for you. Time Difference World Time and Time Zone Converter: Calculate the time difference between two time zones of the world. Clock for website / blog All Time Zones Continents Antarctica Africa Asia Australia/Oceania Europe North America South America © 2026 · Data protection policy · Terms of use · Credits/Sources · Contact This is a service offered by Hello World Digital. We develop digital tools and provide helpful information for your everyday life. hello-world.digital About Time Difference Look up the current local time and the date Time Difference, Current Local Time and Date of the World's Time Zones. By and for people like you and me! Answers and tools to make life easier! A little better every day!