Zelle® | Send and receive money directly to and from your bank account Skip to main content Skip Navigation Personal Why Use Zelle Get Started Small Business Paying it safe Digital Payment Education Tips for Safe Payments Understanding Fraud & Scams Video Center Commercial Financial Institutions Disbursements Search Search Fulltext search Header Right Help Center Main navigation Personal Why Use Zelle Get Started Small Business Paying it safe Digital Payment Education Tips for Safe Payments Understanding Fraud & Scams Video Center Commercial Financial Institutions Disbursements Search Search Fulltext search Header Right Help Center Zelle Here for you, so you can be there for them. With Zelle®, the money goes directly into your bank account. That means it's easy to get paid back or send money to a friend. Send money to friends and family quickly, even if they bank somewhere different than you do¹. The money goes directly into their bank account, so you can focus on what really counts – being there for the people you care about. See if your bank or credit union offers Zelle® Get Started Ways to use Zelle® Split the cost for the late-night study break pizza. Pay your fave nail tech for an unforgettable manicure. Get paid back for being the best “team Dad” this weekend. Send your aunt money for a birthday shopping spree. Digital Payment Education We’re here to empower you with knowledge on using Zelle ® safely and avoiding common scams. Explore resources, test your knowledge and get new tips on how to keep your money safe in a digital world. Learn More Tips for Safer Payments Digital payments continue to grow across the U.S. And with issues like identity theft and other cybercrimes on the rise, it’s important to know what you can do to help protect yourself. Learn More Understanding Fraud and Scams As a consumer or small business owner, it’s important to understand how fraud and scams are defined because there may be differences in the protections offered by your bank or credit union. Learn More Previous Next Learn more about Zelle® Visit Our Help Center About Zelle® Enrolling with Zelle® Using Zelle® Your Zelle® Profile Using Zelle® with a Small Business Account Disbursements with Zelle® Bottom Navigation Careers Contact Us Newsroom Legal Security Partners Your Privacy Rights Social Menu 1 Zelle® is available in over 2,300 banking and credit union apps. To send or receive money with Zelle®, both parties must have an eligible checking or savings account. Transactions sent to enrolled users typically occur within minutes. Check with your financial institution. 2 Based on a Q4 2024 survey of financial institutions offering Zelle® to their customers, 99.36% of consumer saving and checking accounts linked to Zelle® do not charge a fee to send, receive, or request money. 3 For more information about Zelle® Tag, see here . 4 Payment requests can only be sent to enrolled Zelle® users. Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information * *We don’t sell data. However, we do share data for cross context behavioral advertising. You can opt out by clicking the link above. ©2025 Early Warning Services, LLC. All rights reserved. Zelle, the Zelle related marks, and the color purple are registered trademarks or otherwise claimed by Early Warning Services, LLC. Other product and company names mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.