Zello | The Most Reliable Push-to-Talk Walkie-Talkie App Why Zello Solutions Frontline Communication Radio Replacement Dispatch Customer Assistance Management Features Channels Zello AI QR Assist Translations Message History Emergency Alerts Industries Aviation Retail Transportation Construction Manufacturing Hospitality Emergency Response Resources Resource Hub Customer Stories Downloads Blog Developer Tools Partner Portal Hardware Support Centers Enterprise Pricing Contact Sales Sign In Contact Sales Sign In Try for free Call Sales Try for free Contact Sales Sign In Solutions Frontline Communication Radio Replacement Dispatch Customer Assistance Management Features Channels Zello AI QR Assist Translations Message History Emergency Alerts Industries Aviation Retail Transportation Construction Manufacturing Hospitality Emergency Response Resources Resource Hub Customer Stories Downloads Blog Developer Tools Partner Portal Hardware Support Centers Enterprise Pricing Meet your new radio Zello is the leading push-to-talk solution for frontline teams everywhere. Try for free 9:41 Morning shift 27 connected Emergency We’ve got millions talking Proven. Essential. 10 billion live voice messages delivered monthly Read our customers’ stories Break free from radio Zello’s push-to-talk walkie-talkie app lives on your phone, delivering unlimited and secure private channels and crystal clear broadcasts over cell networks and Wi-Fi. With no need for expensive specialized equipment or tower leases, you can finally afford to give everyone a voice. See what Zello can do Push-to-talk is just the beginning Put voice to work Zello’s on your hip, in your pocket, on your dash, and always right there when you need to hear and be heard to get stuff done. What you do is hard, talking to each other shouldn’t be. Reach everyone, everywhere, every way Have to talk to a supervisor in Michigan from your location in Florida? Copy that. Need an address and proof of dropoff? 10-4. Our text and photo features will get it done. We’ve got you covered, from Alpha to Zulu. Learn about Channels Bring AI to your frontline Enhance frontline productivity with AI-powered tools for communication insights and quick knowledge retrieval—ensuring teams stay fast, informed, and ready to act. Learn about Zello AI Dispatch intelligently Zello Dispatch Hub automatically prioritizes urgent calls, effortlessly reassigns requests, and cuts chatter. Real-time map updates keep dispatch in the know and workers on point. Learn about Dispatch Hub Never miss a thing Baked into Zello is the ability to play back any message at any time, allowing workers to devote their full attention to the issue at hand, resolve it without distraction, and then move on to the next task. Learn about message replay Add Zello to your mobile application Integrate push-to-talk and advanced communication features into your own mobile app with the Zello Mobile SDK, available for iOS, Android, and React Native. Learn about integrations Designed for enterprise Security Speak freely. Private, secure communications are encrypted from end-to-end without the risk of interception or interference. Scalability Scaling is effortless with multi-device management and unlimited channels and users. Zello grows with you. Management With our centralized console, deploy in one day to thousands of users, set who speaks to whom, and remove or add accounts as needed. You’re in control. Integration We work with you, literally. Easily integrate our API and SDK into your in-house tools and applications, and extend your LMR with gateways. Learn about our enterprise-grade solutions 4 x Testimonials Andrew Eger Communications and Distribution Technology Manager CRMP Inc. By eliminating the need for dedicated radio towers [and two-way radios], the company has saved a considerable amount per month in just tower fees and repairs alone. Ken Kelley Paramedic and Owner, Promed Ambulance I needed a land-mobile-radio solution and I finally found it in Zello. It has totally revolutionized the way we communicate in our company. Chad Smith IT Manager, City Furniture Using Zello with other in-store apps on iPads allows Sales Associates to fully transact from anywhere in the showroom, [making possible] a quicker and more accurate sales experience for both the Customer and the Associate. Holger Sommer Communications Manager, @fire The big advantage of Zello is that it requires only a basic data connection and works already with 2G/GPRS. Often we couldn’t call someone with the cell phone, but Zello worked. Hardware accessories Works the way you work Loud, discreet, hands-free. Together with our partners we’ll find appropriate hardware solutions to help you meet your frontline needs. Explore Zello-approved accessories On any device From iPhones to Androids to ruggedized devices, we work with whatever you’re bringing to the table—or construction site or hospital room or truck cab. On any network Wi-Fi or data, it’s up to you. Zello works on both, so opt for one, or toggle between the two. We’ll connect where and however you like. Courage demands a voice Our first responders and everyday heroes need an essential tool for their essential work. Zello is proud to be their go-to choice. For the heroes It’s our honor to provide our full suite of enterprise-grade solutions to first responders for free. Zello’s First Responder Program For the world In times of crisis, relaying critical information is vital. Zello will always be there when the world needs it. Zello in the news Let’s do this. Ready for intelligent and scalable solutions for instant push-to-talk voice communication? Contact us for a demo. We’ll walk you through it and show you what we can do for you. Try for free So, how much? Our pricing is upfront and transparent. No surprises. See which plan is right for you. Explore pricing options People really like us See why we’re the #1 ranked push-to-talk app on the planet. Read our reviews Footer Navigation Solutions Frontline Communication Radio Replacement Dispatch Customer Assistance Management Enterprise Features Channels Zello AI QR Assist Transcription Translations Message History Emergency Alerts Industries Aviation Retail Transportation Construction Manufacturing Hospitality Emergency Response Resources Resource Hub Customer Stories Downloads Blog Developer Tools Partner Portal Hardware Support Centers Zello Advocacy Program Trust Center Company About Us Careers Contact Us Press Brand Toolkit LinkedIn Get the App Desktop Android iOS Choose your language English (US) Español (LA) Español (ES) Italiano (IT) Deutsch (DE) Français (FR) 한국어 (KO) Privacy Policy Terms of Service Legal SOC 2 HIPAA © 2025 Zello Inc. Branch: split/homepage-2025-old Commit in Build: 5831c1d5b035d2d208c108afab2ff9d7b98efd34 User Cohort: NFAB Cookie: