Home Broadband & Phone  
Business & Enterprise
Partners  
Our Story
Help
Contact Us
MyAccount
The UK's most recommended
broadband provider

91% of our customers would recommend us.
- Expert Reviews, 2024*

See what you can get...

Check Availability
Check Availability
Here's why you'll love Zen broadband
Zen is the smart choice

We are five years Which? Recommended, 21-times PC Pro Best Broadband, and rated Excellent on Trustpilot.

Up to 2Gbps download speeds

We won't hold you back. With up to 2Gbps full fibre broadband speed, you can easily handle anything the internet has to offer.

UK-based customer support

We’re dedicated to happy customers. That's why our UK-based specialists are always on hand to help you resolve any issue as efficiently as possible.

Contract Price Promise

Experience fast, reliable broadband and phone services you can count on, with our Contract Price Promise on all our broadband packages.

Joining Zen is simple...

Switching broadband needn't be a hassle. All it takes is 10 minutes and we'll do the rest!

Check your availability

Use our postcode checker to find the speed you need, whether you're a surfer, streamer, or homeworker.

Enter your
details

Let us know who your current provider is and we will handle the switch process for you.

Enjoy better broadband

Sit back and relax while we do the rest. Your broadband's in good hands.

Switching is easy with Zen

Keen to switch broadband provider, but afraid of the hassle? Rest assured, with One Touch Switch, switching to a new broadband provider has never been easier. Enter your postcode, choose your package and we will prompt you for the required information. Simply enter those details and we will handle the switching process on your behalf, including letting your existing provider know.

Start your switch today

To the only five-time Which? recommended broadband provider.

Check Availability
Why choose Zen?

We continue to focus on our customer experience and listen to what our customers have to say. That's why we're one of the only "green" Trustpilot score broadband providers in the UK and continue to win awards for our service.

											
			
		
		
		
		

Which? Recommended 		 		 		 		 		 	
Mid Contract Price Hikes? 	No	 	+£3
/month	 	+£3
/month	 	+£3
/month	 	+6.2%
on avg	 	+£3.50
/month
Certified B Corp 		 		 		 		 		 	
100% UK-Based Support Team 		 		 		 		 		 	
Discover the Zen difference

At Zen, we put people first. Our UK-based team is here to provide expert support whenever you need us. We've been named a Which? Recommended Provider for broadband for five years straight, and are the current Which? Customer Service Brand of the Year.

We also believe in using business as a force for good. As a Certified B Corporation, we're committed to sustainability and reducing out environmental impact. And we're working towards Net Zero through initiatives like renewable energy use and carbon offsetting.

Explore our products

We’ve got the perfect products to complement your home network. Whether you’re looking for an ultrafast connection or a Digital Voice system to future-proof your home phone, we’ve got you covered.

Ultrafast broadband

Experience the power of Zen broadband - lightning-fast speeds, zero buffering, and seamless connectivity for work, streaming, and gaming like never before.

✔ Future-ready   ✔ Up to 2Gbps

Get ultrafast broadband
Reliable Home Phone plans

Enjoy a hassle-free home phone experience with Zen. No hidden fees, just straightforward pricing and dependable service you can trust.

✔ Flexible plans   ✔ Fixed pricing

See Home Phone plans
Secure Hosting & Domains services

Establish your online presence effortlessly with Zen's comprehensive hosting and domain solutions - secure, feature-rich packages tailored to your needs.

✔ Free website builder   ✔ Award-winning support

Explore Hosting options
Powerful WiFi boosters

Experience seamless, high-speed internet in every corner of your home with Zen's WiFi Boosters. Say goodbye to 'not spots' and enjoy uninterrupted connectivity for streaming, gaming, and working from any room.

✔ No more dead zones   ✔ Easy setup

Boost your WiFi now
Make the move today

To the 21x PC Pro Best Broadband award-winning provider.

Check Availability
Still in contract?

Still in contract with your current provider but want us to remind you when your contract end date is approaching so you can switch to us?

Enter Your Contract End Date
Can't find your answer?

Get in touch with our dedicated support team via phone or email.

 01706 902000

  support@zen.co.uk

Visit The Knowledgebase
Frequently asked questions
What makes Zen Internet stand out?
Why should I choose Zen?
What broadband speed can I get with Zen?
Can I get Full Fibre broadband in my area?
Can I order broadband without line rental?
How do I switch broadband to Zen? Is switching easy?

Latest from the blog

Give the gift of better broadband this Christmas – there’s something in it for you too!

NOV 24 2025

Mythbuster: Does more people online mean slower internet?

NOV 24 2025

£44,000 boost for two North West charities

NOV 20 2025

*This quote is taken directly from the review Expert Reviews conducted in Aug 2024. Click here to read more.

Start a conversation
Welcome to our live chat!

If you would like a personalised chat experience, please login to My Account to enable additional features such as checking order status, testing your service and viewing your latest bills.

Alternatively, for general assistance please fill out the form below to start a chat with us.
First Name
Last Name
Email
Start Chat
Sales
01706 902573
Customer Enquiries
01706 902001

Contact Us

	

Our Purpose

	

Vacancies

	

Privacy

	

Accessibility

	

Legal Hub

Refer a Friend

	

Webmail

	

Complaints

	

Ethics

	

Terms of Use

   
© 2025 Zen Internet Ltd
Cookies on our website
Zen uses cookies to ensure you get the best possible experience on our website. Click “Accept All” to use default settings, or “Manage Cookies” to change your preferences.View our cookie policy.
Manage Cookies
Accept All