Top Rated Home & Business Broadband Providers | Zen Internet Toggle navigation Menu Home Broadband & Phone Home Broadband & Phone View all Home Broadband Full fibre broadband Superfast fibre broadband EveryRoom Working from Home How to switch Pre-register For Full Fibre Gaming Broadband Phone Digital Voice Fritz!Fon C6 Landline to Digital Switchover Hosting & Domains Hosting Domains Hardware FritzBox eero Sign in to MyAccount For Home For Business For Partners Our Network Zen operates one of the largest independent data networks in the UK. Click here to learn more FOR HOME Business & Enterprise Partners Partners View all Partners Products & Services Why Zen Service Providers Products & Services Why Zen Partner News Partner Success Stories Annual Partner Events Find Your Zen Great British Switch Off Sign in to MyAccount For Home For Business For Partners Our Network Zen operates one of the largest independent data networks in the UK. Click here to learn more FOR PARTNERS Our Story Help Contact Us MyAccount Sign in to MyAccount For Home For Business For Partners The UK's most recommended broadband provider 91% of our customers would recommend us. - Expert Reviews, 2024* See what you can get... Invalid postcode Check Check Availability Invalid postcode Check Check Availability Invalid postcode Check Check Availability Select your address Check broadband speeds Close Address not listed? Trustpilot Here's why you'll love Zen broadband Zen is the smart choice We are five years Which? Recommended, 21-times PC Pro Best Broadband, and rated Excellent on Trustpilot. Up to 2Gbps download speeds We won't hold you back. With up to 2Gbps full fibre broadband speed, you can easily handle anything the internet has to offer. UK-based customer support We’re dedicated to happy customers. That's why our UK-based specialists are always on hand to help you resolve any issue as efficiently as possible. Contract Price Promise Experience fast, reliable broadband and phone services you can count on, with our Contract Price Promise on all our broadband packages. Joining Zen is simple... Switching broadband needn't be a hassle. All it takes is 10 minutes and we'll do the rest! Check your availability Use our postcode checker to find the speed you need, whether you're a surfer, streamer, or homeworker. Enter your details Let us know who your current provider is and we will handle the switch process for you. Enjoy better broadband Sit back and relax while we do the rest. Your broadband's in good hands. Switching is easy with Zen Keen to switch broadband provider, but afraid of the hassle? Rest assured, with One Touch Switch , switching to a new broadband provider has never been easier. Enter your postcode, choose your package and we will prompt you for the required information. Simply enter those details and we will handle the switching process on your behalf, including letting your existing provider know. Start your switch today To the only five-time Which? recommended broadband provider . Invalid postcode Check Check Availability Why choose Zen? We continue to focus on our customer experience and listen to what our customers have to say. That's why we're one of the only "green" Trustpilot score broadband providers in the UK and continue to win awards for our service. Which? Recommended Mid Contract Price Hikes? No +£3 /month +£3 /month +£3 /month +6.2% on avg +£3.50 /month Certified B Corp 100% UK-Based Support Team Trustpilot Discover the Zen difference At Zen, we put people first. Our UK-based team is here to provide expert support whenever you need us. We've been named a Which? Recommended Provider for broadband for five years straight, and are the current Which? Customer Service Brand of the Year . We also believe in using business as a force for good. As a Certified B Corporation , we're committed to sustainability and reducing out environmental impact. And we're working towards Net Zero through initiatives like renewable energy use and carbon offsetting. Explore our products We’ve got the perfect products to complement your home network. Whether you’re looking for an ultrafast connection or a Digital Voice system to future-proof your home phone, we’ve got you covered. Ultrafast broadband Experience the power of Zen broadband - lightning-fast speeds, zero buffering, and seamless connectivity for work, streaming, and gaming like never before. ✔ Future-ready ✔ Up to 2Gbps Get ultrafast broadband Reliable Home Phone plans Enjoy a hassle-free home phone experience with Zen. No hidden fees, just straightforward pricing and dependable service you can trust. ✔ Flexible plans ✔ Fixed pricing See Home Phone plans Secure Hosting & Domains services Establish your online presence effortlessly with Zen's comprehensive hosting and domain solutions - secure, feature-rich packages tailored to your needs. ✔ Free website builder ✔ Award-winning support Explore Hosting options Powerful WiFi boosters Experience seamless, high-speed internet in every corner of your home with Zen's WiFi Boosters. Say goodbye to 'not spots' and enjoy uninterrupted connectivity for streaming, gaming, and working from any room. ✔ No more dead zones ✔ Easy setup Boost your WiFi now Make the move today To the 21x PC Pro Best Broadband award-winning provider. Invalid postcode Check Check Availability Still in contract? Still in contract with your current provider but want us to remind you when your contract end date is approaching so you can switch to us? Enter Your Contract End Date Still in contract with your current provider? Don't worry, we can remind you when your contract end date is approaching! If you'd like us to remind you when your contract end date is approaching so you can stay up to date on our Full Fibre products, and so you can join us as soon as your contract is about to end with your current provider, then fill out the form below so we can stay in touch with you. Success! Thanks for filling out our form! Please wait... Ensure Field Type is specified to sent enquiry to the correct place Please Select WebToCase: Sales Ledger Case WebToLead: SBR WebToLead: CMM WebToLead: FTTC Prospect WebToLead: Indirect WebToLead: Inbound WebToLead: Partner Phone Line Order Selected value set on form. First name Required Required field Last name Required Required field Email Required Required field Contact phone number Required Required field House number/name and street Required Required field Town Required Required field Postcode Required Required field Contract end date Required Please provide a contract end date If you aren't sure an estimated date is fine. Important By submitting this form, you agree to receive reminders from Zen about your contract end date. You can opt out at any time. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers. For further information on how your information is used and stored, please read our full Privacy Notice. New code Please type the code above Submit Close Can't find your answer? Get in touch with our dedicated support team via phone or email. 01706 902000 support@zen.co.uk Visit The Knowledgebase Frequently asked questions Paid Media FAQs What makes Zen Internet stand out? Zen is the UK’s oldest independent internet provider . We’ve been providing award-winning services since 1995, and in all that time we’ve been committed to putting people first and providing a better alternative to the ‘usual’ big names. We’re the only Which? Recommended broadband provider for five years running, with an Excellent rating on Trustpilot, and we’ve won the PC Pro Best Broadband award for a remarkable 21 years! Why should I choose Zen? For us, putting people first isn’t just a marketing slogan, it’s what we truly believe . We’re the only major broadband provider in the UK that’s B Corp certified , which means we’re committed to using business as a force for good. We’re carbon neutral and leading the way in helping our industry to become net zero. Unlike our major competitors, our Contract Price Promise guarantees that the price you pay will never increase throughout the life of your contract , because we’re firmly against the practice of attractive offers followed by constant price hikes year after year. Our friendly team is based in Rochdale in the north of England, and we’re always around to lend a helpful hand should you need us. No scripts, no fobbing, just genuine helpful support. What broadband speed can I get with Zen? We have a range of broadband speeds available all the way up to 2Gbps for the ultimate in streaming, gaming, sharing, smart homing, video calling, browsing and more. Can I get Full Fibre broadband in my area? Full fibre broadband is rolling out to more homes every day. For the most up to date information at your address, simply enter your postcode into the postcode checker and we’ll let you know what’s available to you today. Can I order broadband without line rental? Yes, you can. We appreciate that not all phone and broadband contracts run in sync, and that’s why we’ve made all our broadband products available with and without line rental. Landline rental is an optional add on with every Zen service, with our Digital Voice service. How do I switch broadband to Zen? Is switching easy? Switching to Zen broadband couldn’t be easier. If your existing broadband contract is up, all it takes is three simple steps. STEP 1: Enter your postcode and choose your package STEP 2: Select your chosen broadband package and check out STEP 3: We’ll take care of the rest, including contacting your existing provider, sending you your new router, and getting everything set up Latest from the blog Give the gift of better broadband this Christmas – there’s something in it for you too! Nov 24 2025 Mythbuster: Does more people online mean slower internet? Nov 24 2025 £44,000 boost for two North West charities Nov 20 2025 *This quote is taken directly from the review Expert Reviews conducted in Aug 2024. Click here to read more. Phone | Zen Internet Zen Internet - Home Sales Sales 01706 902573 Phone | Zen Internet Zen Internet - Customer Enquiries Customer Enquiries 01706 902001 Contact Us Our Purpose Vacancies Privacy Accessibility Legal Hub Refer a Friend Webmail Complaints Ethics Terms of Use © 2025 Zen Internet Ltd Phone | Zen Internet Zen Internet - Home Sales Sales 01706 902573 Phone | Zen Internet Zen Internet - Customer Enquiries Customer Enquiries 01706 902001 Contact Us Our Purpose Vacancies Privacy Accessibility Legal Hub Refer a Friend Webmail Complaints Modern Slavery Terms of Use © 2025 Zen Internet Ltd Version 1.2.9462.22287