Zenchef | All-in-one restaurant management and software solution Looking for information about upgrading to Zenchef? Click here Solutions products Reservations Payment Loyalty Zenchef App by role Front-of-House Restaurateur Group Owner Marketing Manager Why ZenchefOS? Turn tables faster Build stronger guest relationships Get actionable dining insights Avoid no-shows Fill last-minute tables Get discovered without commission fees Resources Customer stories How we help restaurants Product videos Watch and explore ZenchefOS Performance calculator Calculate your profit potential Widget Zenchef Test it out and make your reservations easier. Blog Food for thought Customer support Answers from Zenchef Customer stories Text Calculator Estimate the impact of Zenchef zenchef guides Opening a restaurant Manage a restaurant Open a restaurant Taking over a restaurant Understanding VAT Administrative formalities & procedures Restaurant training Mandatory posting rules The license and permit to operate The Restaurant location Securing financing for your restaurant The business plan and financial forecast Everything you need to know about opening a restaurant manage a restaurant Everything you need to know to run a successful restaurant Controlling your restaurant's finances Designing and managing your menu Managing your staff rotas Managing restaurant bookings Streamlining your restaurant business Managing your restaurant staff Marketing your restaurant Managing your customers Managing your restaurant inventory About us Who we are Tech that brings you to the table Join us Build a career in hospitality tech Integrations Collaboration is the cornerstone of innovation Switch to Zenchef You stay focused on your service—we take care of the rest. Plans Login Get started Get started Global (EN) France Nederland Deutschland Portugal België Belgique Book a demo [23:25] Table 17 paid [20:45] fire up entrees 4.4/5 Average rating from guests who reserved through Zenchef TURN FIRST TIME reservations INTO REGULARS Get contacted Grow your restaurant with dining out technology Take reservations, manage tables and accelerate payments. Transform your restaurant operations with ZenchefOS and start serving up meaningful experiences guests will come back for. Request demo Discover our solutions Serving up Success Together St Gerlach How Château Sint Gerlach is taking the art of hospitality to new heights with Zenchef View Read Bruno Verjus How a two-star chef redefined reservations to focus on what matters most: the guest. View Read Château Mentone Innovation serving tradition with Zenchef and Lightspeed View Read Ciccio Less stress and better service: the tools behind Brussels' Italian trio View Read O’Pazzo How a Rotterdam icon optimizes table turnover with Zenchef View Read Gastrobar Bij Vrienden How Gastrobar Bij Vrienden Enhanced Their Operations with ZenchefOS View Read Le Mystique in Bruges How Le Mystique Upgraded Their Guest Experience with ZenchefOS View Read Villa Pinewood Villa Pinewood enriches its local culinary story with ZenchefOS View Read Le Moulin de Léré ZenchefOS enables effortless online bookings at Le Moulin de Léré View Read Aux Pieds Sous La Table & Le Soulier Julia manages reservations and reputation for two iconic restaurants View Read Maison Guéret Maison Guéret optimizes its occupancy and sees an increase in reservations View Read La Table Kobus Serge said goodbye to his paper notebook to manage reservations seamlessly online View Read Boost reservations Grow revenue Engage with guests Boost reservations Craft tasteful online experiences with a reservation system that charges zero commission on guest bookings. Fill tables and avoid no-shows with the widget, waitlist, prepayments and more. discover more Grow revenue Stay ahead of the competition with innovative pay-at-table solutions, actionable dining insights and create additional revenue streams with guest vouchers and click & collect Grow revenue Engage with guests Build lasting guest relationships with owned guest insights and marketing tools that create more personalized dining experiences, on and offline. Engage [17:03] reserved via the zenchef app [ Restaurant APP ] We bring guests to the table We’re making it easier for guests to find, book and follow restaurants. Our fast-growing guest app is directly connected to ZenchefOS, giving you a new channel to increase visibility and reach new and existing guests to fill tables. discover more [ Revenue ] Innovation serving tradition with Zenchef and Lightspeed discover more Serving every restaurant role Front of House "Zenchef is easy, time-saving and comfortable. The software opens up a world of possibilities." read more Marketing Manager "When we started redirecting Zenchef reviews to Tripadvisor, we moved up 100 places in the rankings. Today we're 14th out of 1400 restaurants in Toulouse" read more Group Owner "When I look at the daily statistics, I check twice, thinking there is an error. The number of digital reservations we can take monthly with Zenchef is astonishing" read more Restaurateur "Zenchef is all about flexibility. It really meets all the expectations I had. The solution offers a very wide range of possibilities, while remaining easy to use." read more Food for thought Discover blog [ Interview ] [ 5 min. ] How Château Sint Gerlach is taking the art of hospitality to new heights with Zenchef read more [ Interview ] [ 4 min. ] How a two-star chef redefined reservations to focus on what matters most: the guest. read more [ Interview ] [ 5 min. ] Innovation serving tradition with Zenchef and Lightspeed read more [ ] [ 6 min ] Less stress and better service: the tools behind Brussels' Italian trio read more What others think about Zenchef Thomas Cabrol Villa Pinewood "We try to avoid all disruption. When you go to a concert, you don't need to ask 1000 questions about how to book; everything is online. This obviously frustrates a part of the older clientele. But choices have to be made. These choices are defended to offer better quality. We operate with the 80/20 method. We focus on the essential to get 80% of the results" Irene Gordejuela Le Moulin de Léré "ZenchefOS is about ease, time-saving, and comfort. The software opens up a world of possibilities. Everyone can find what they need. It's great to see that you continue to evolve like this" Jolande & Jeroen Gastrobar Bij Vrienden "Despite the challenges of change, the transition to ZenchefOS was smooth. If I had to describe ZenchefOS in three words, I would say user friendly, organized and customer friendly." Bruno Verjus Table “Get rid of the phone. Switch to Zenchef. Set up online reservations with a small prepayment. Your team should be 100% available for the real moment of contact, the one that happens when the guest walks through the door.” Johan Creytens Le Mystique "Manual processes not only breed errors but also hinder efficiency. In a world where convenience is king, guests increasingly demand the ease of online booking experiences." Frequently asked questions How does ZenchefOS work? ZenchefOS is a restaurant management software that simplifies both the guest and restaurant experience. By centralizing everything into one tool, it makes your daily operations easier. It streamlines the guest experience, saves your team time, boosts guest loyalty and keeps you 100% independent. Can ZenchefOS be interfaced with the cash register software I already use? ZenchefOS can be integrated with different types of restaurant software, including cash register software like Lightspeed, Trivec and more. What is a restaurant software solution? ZenchefOS is a comprehensive restaurant management software solution with zero commissions. It enhances the guest experience and supports restaurant owners. With ZenchefOS, you can manage reservations, reduce no-shows with prepayments, optimize tables with a digital seating plan, maintain full data ownership and more. What languages is Zenchef available in? ZenchefOS is available in six languages: English, French, Dutch, German, Spanish, and Portuguese, and it can be used in all countries. Ready to create exceptional dining experiences? Request a demo or get in contact with our sales team. Too busy? Just leave your contact information, we’ll call you back. Get contacted Solutions Reservations Payment Loyalty Zenchef App Digital menu Website design Waitlist Reviews Resources Blog Customer support Performance calculator Stay up to date subscribe Thanks! You've subscribed to our newsletter. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Company Who we are Join us Integrations Get started Get in contact Zenchef reviews Legal Legal Privacy policy General Terms of Use Legal Notice Data protection policy Cookie Policy Legal Privacy policy THANK YOU FOR VISITING