HR Solutions, Payroll, and HR Outsourcing | TriNet New Release! Get the State of the Workplace 2025 report Skip to main content Search 888.874.6388 Product Updates Support Login TriNet PEO Login to the PEO platform Login HR Platform & HR Plus Login to HR Platform, also known as TriNet Zenefits Login Back I Want To Back I Want To Offer Benefits Manage Employees Automate HR All of the Above Navigate HR Compliance Run Payroll Access HR Experts Featured Not sure what kind of HR support you need? Take our short assessment to find out if PEO or HR Plus may be the best fit for your business. Take Assessment How Much Could You Save With a PEO? Our interactive ROI-estimate calculator helps you explore how much a PEO could reduce your HR costs. Calculate My Savings Talk to an HR expert Whether your business is just getting off the ground or you’re a mature organization, we’ve got you covered with a range of HR, payroll processing and benefit services—plus personalized support—through one cohesive approach. Contact Us Now Offerings Back PEO TriNet PEO Full-service HR solution Full-service HR solution for payroll, benefits and compliance – powered by a platform and expertise Pricing Explore Advantages ASO HR Plus Flexible HR services based on needs Outsourced services for HR, payroll processing and payroll tax compliance Pricing Explore Advantages Not sure what kind of HR support you need? Take our short assessment to find out if PEO or HR Plus may be the best fit for your business. Take Assessment Customers Back Why TriNet Customer Stories Customer Community Customer Referral Customer Voices Customer Reviews Featured Customer East Coast Capital The TriNet platform is one of the main reasons why we actually moved to and chose TriNet over other options. We believe that their technology was superior to everyone, that they were actively investing in it, and actively improving it.” — Joseph Poma, Controller View success story Insights Back Articles Insights Our blog covering HR thought leadership and trending topics. Latest PEO HR Technology & HR Tools: What's Included PEO HR technology can help SMBs with payroll tax support, self‑service tools, data analytics and much more. Read more Education HR Knowledge Hub Practical HR content to help you build a better workplace. Featured NEW revealing data State of the Workforce 2025. Insights into AI, engagement, retention and more. Read the Report Events Events Join us for incredible discussions and networking experiences. Latest State of Small Business Employee Benefits – Key Findings + SME Perspectives Walkthrough critical benefit trends, challenges, opportunities, with expert commentary Read more About Back About About TriNet Leadership Investor Relations Careers Culture Foundation News and Press Stakeholder Impact Contact Us Latest Press Releases TriNet Unveils 2025 State of the Workplace Report Read more TriNet Announces Third Quarter 2025 Results & Reaffirms Full Year 2025 Guidance Read more Partners Back Partners Brokers Alliance Partners Accountants Venture & Private Equity Partner Integrations View all Partners Search 888.874.6388 Product Updates Support Login Back TriNet PEO Login to the PEO platform Login HR Platform & HR Plus Login to HR Platform, also known as TriNet Zenefits Login Book Demo HR Outsourcing Built for Small and Midsize Businesses Payroll. Benefits. Compliance. Technology. All in one place. Book a Demo Find Your HR Solution TriNet is like our safety net. They help us stay on top of everyday tasks, compliance, navigating benefits, and more. I love it .” Nicole Depelteau VP, Corporate Operations, Cask Government Services See Customer Story What’s New? Research Report State of the Workplace 2025 report Find out where employees and employers stand on today’s most relevant business concerns. Read the Report Product Update AI-Powered Innovation Watch Referrals 15k Earn Greater Rewards Earn Greater Rewards Refer Now Different HR Solutions to Meet Your Business Needs TriNet offers a comprehensive Professional Employer Organization (PEO) and HR administrative service organization (ASO) called HR Plus to help U.S. businesses simplify HR operations, mitigate risk, and access to benefits to support growth. PEO Best for businesses looking for more of a hands-off approach to HR admin. Explore PEO HR Plus Best for businesses that want service plan options. Explore HR Plus Not sure what kind of HR support you need? Take our short assessment to find out if PEO or HR Plus may be the best fit for your business. Take Assessment Offer Benefits Competitive benefits help attract and retain top talent—79% of employees say that having benefits that meet their needs is very important when choosing a job. * * TriNet State of the Workplace (2024) Learn More Run Payroll Efficient, timely payroll processing from an industry leader— we processed $73 billion in payroll in 2024. * *This reflects the amount across TriNet PEO and HR Plus solutions Learn More Stay Compliant Help mitigate risks that can be costly with compliance support. We help you navigate complex federal, state, and local rules and requirements. Learn More Learn about our services. HR Consulting Expertise Receive guidance on intricate HR challenges so you can maintain best practices. Learn More Access to Big-Company Benefits Seamlessly manage—and give employees access to—comprehensive benefits packages. Learn More Headache-Free Payroll Take care of all aspects of payroll processing helping to ensure timely, accurate payment and payroll tax compliance. Learn More Risk Mitigation and Up-to-Date HR Compliance Navigate the complexities of employment-related compliance concerns, staying up to date with federal state and local requirements. Learn More A Complete HR Platform Intuitive tools to help automate HR processes like time tracking, leave requests and more. Learn More Contractor and Global Workforce Support Pay independent contractors and integrate with partners for your international personnel. Learn More HR Consulting Expertise We’ll help you deliver training and prepare your leaders to: Handle your toughest HR challenges Make better personnel decisions Gain peace of mind by staying ahead of regulations and employee relations issues Learn more about our HR consulting expertise HR Consulting Expertise We’ll help you deliver training and prepare your leaders to: Handle your toughest HR challenges Make better personnel decisions Gain peace of mind by staying ahead of regulations and employee relations issues Learn more about our HR consulting expertise HR Consulting Expertise We’ll help you deliver training and prepare your leaders to: Handle your toughest HR challenges Make better personnel decisions Gain peace of mind by staying ahead of regulations and employee relations issues Learn more about our HR consulting expertise HR Consulting Expertise We’ll help you deliver training and prepare your leaders to: Handle your toughest HR challenges Make better personnel decisions Gain peace of mind by staying ahead of regulations and employee relations issues Learn more about our HR consulting expertise HR Consulting Expertise We’ll help you deliver training and prepare your leaders to: Handle your toughest HR challenges Make better personnel decisions Gain peace of mind by staying ahead of regulations and employee relations issues Learn more about our HR consulting expertise HR Consulting Expertise We’ll help you deliver training and prepare your leaders to: Handle your toughest HR challenges Make better personnel decisions Gain peace of mind by staying ahead of regulations and employee relations issues Learn more about our HR consulting expertise Optimize HR with ease We offer a range of HR solutions tailored to your industry and at any stage of the company, whether you’re enhancing an existing program or building something from the ground up. Get access to benefits, technology and expertise you need to move your business forward. Learn more about our solutions Navigate Uncertainty – Using HR as a Tool to Succeed Uncertainty in the economy leads to uncertainty about how to take care of your business and your people. However, by utilizing HR operations and people effectively during economic turbulence, small and medium-size businesses (SMBs) can persist and may even strengthen their business for the long term. Check out some helpful resources Don’t just take our word for it. Customer Stories Customer Story 90210 Surgery Medical Center Andy Ball, Chief Executive Officer To be able to have a one stop shop that TriNet is able to offer is invaluable… Having that offering in one spot that can accommodate such a diverse population as we had in our staff is just really important to us." Andy Ball, Chief Executive Officer View this Story Customer Story 90210 Surgery Medical Center Andy Ball, Chief Executive Officer Learn more Customer Story CES Group Engineers Renee Rizzuti, Chief Operating Officer What differentiated TriNet from all the other PEOs that we explored was the full array of services. The people that we were interacting with and the demonstration of the tools and resources available to us were the deciding factor." Renee Rizzuti, Chief Operating Officer View this Story Customer Story CES Group Engineers Renee Rizzuti, Chief Operating Officer Learn more Customer Story Dagne Dover Deepa Gandhi Co-Founder and CEO Since we started working with TriNet in 2014, I haven't had to worry if payroll processed properly, about our payroll taxes nor benefits. It’s a one stop shop; I love having one place to go." Deepa Gandhi Co-Founder and CEO View this Story Customer Story Dagne Dover Deepa Gandhi Co-Founder and CEO Learn more Customer Story East Coast Capital Joseph Poma, Controller The TriNet platform is one of the main reasons why we actually moved to and chose TriNet over other options. We believe that their technology was superior to everyone, that they were actively investing in it, and actively improving it.” Joseph Poma, Controller View this Story Customer Story East Coast Capital Joseph Poma, Controller Learn more Recent news View All Insights FA Q How do I know if I need a PEO or ASO? Every business is different. Our free HR Solution Assessment helps you determine whether a PEO, ASO, or similar solution could be the best fit for your needs. Take the Assessment What size businesses do you work with? We work with small to medium-size businesses with five to more than 1,000 employees. We tailor our solutions to your company’s needs. Connect with us now How does your pricing work? Many factors go into our pricing structure, including the state of your business and the size of your company. Once you meet with one of our consultants, we can provide a personalized quote. Connect with us now What HR solutions do you offer? We offer two HR solutions tailored to your needs: our full PEO offering, TriNet PEO, and our platform plus support solution, HR Plus. Connect with us now Learn how TriNet’s comprehensive HR solutions can help your business. Fill out the form and we’ll contact you to set up a time to chat. First Name* Last Name* Company Name* Job Title* Company Email* Phone* TriNet may use the information you provided above to contact you about our products and services, in accordance with our Privacy Policy . You may update your communication preferences here. Submit TriNet Awards and Recognition US News & World Report Best Companies to Work For Overall 2025 & 2026 Better Business Bureau (BBB) Accredited as of 11/04/2025 and issued an A+ rating Newsweek American's Greatest Workplace for Woman 2025 Newsweek American's Greatest Workplace for Diversity 2024 & 2025 Newsweek #1 for Excellence 1000 Index 2024 Mental Health America (MHA) Platinum Bell Seal for Workplace Mental Health 2024 & 2025 Mental Health America (MHA) Gold Bell Seal for  Workplace Mental Health 2023 Human Rights Campaign Foundation Equality 100 - 2025 Human Rights Campaign Foundation Corporate Equality Index 2023 & 2024 Disability Equality Index (DEI) Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion 2024 The Business Intelligence Group Excellence in Customer Service Award 2024 G2 Highest User Adoption Summer 2025 G2 Users Love Us TrustRadius Top Rated 2025 TrustRadius Buyer's Choice Award 2026 ESAC Accreditation We comply with all ESAC standards and maintain ESAC accreditation since 1995. View accreditation Certified PEO A TriNet subsidiary is classified as a Certified Professional Employer Organization by the IRS. View certification Better Business Bureau (BBB) TriNet is an Accredited BBB Business, upholding the standards of the BBB. View accreditation TriNet PEO customers TriNet HR Platform and HR Plus customers Company About Us Careers News & Press Locations FAQs Investor Relations Culture Advocacy Referrals Solutions Industries Business Stage Services Benefit Options HR Expertise Payroll Risk & Compliance Technology Platform Contractors and Global AI Marketplace Offerings PEO HR Plus (ASO) Take Assessment Reviews Customer reviews Customer stories Resources Insights HR Knowledge Hub Events RISE Partners All Partners Brokers Accountants Alliance Partners Venture & Private Equity Policies Terms Privacy Disclaimer Current Customers Login Get Support Get Started Login Book Demo ©2009-2025 TriNet Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information