Welcome to Zen Habits - Zen Habits Website zen habits mastery coaching youtube podcast books about archives breathe Acceptance Practice By Leo Babauta One of my mindfulness practices is to notice when I’m frustrated, annoyed or upset, or if I’m avoiding something. Then I sit and do an acceptance practice. Let me talk through this practice, because I think it’s really powerful. Let’s say I’m annoyed with someone. I can get caught up in my thoughts about how they shouldn’t be that way, and litigate the case in my head. For a long time, if I let it go on and on. But if I notice this annoyance … I might just sit for a few minutes. Then I practice: Notice how I’m feeling, as a physical sensation in my body (often tightness in my chest, a tension in my whole body, maybe my face is flushed). Sit and breathe, just letting myself have the moment-to-moment experience. And to relax a bit. Then I ask myself, “Why am I resisting accepting this moment?” And finally, I try to relax some more and just see how I can love this situation just as it is, without needing to change it. This process not only helps me to relax, but to see the situation that’s annoying me in a new light. This works, btw, with avoidance as well: what’s the underlying experience I’m avoiding with this task? (Often overwhelm, anxiety, powerlessness, or discouragement.) Can I just do the task and find acceptance with the experience? Fearless Mastery 2026 Spring Cohort ✦ February 2 - June 2 Enrollment is now open! Zen Habits' most powerful program — four months of teachings, practice, coaching, and a community walking alongside you to support deep transformation in how you work and live. Explore the Three Journeys Life-changing training programs and experiences Get Zen Habits in Your Inbox Weekly articles, videos, and offerings to take your life to the next level. Free Training from Leo Habits, purpose, and impact for a more fulfilling, fearless life. Create the Life You Want Immerse in Zen Habits Teachings Craft Your Life With Intention YouTube Instagram Threads BlueSky LinkedIn