ZEP Easy and fun learning starts with A fun, engaging learning experience for both teachers and students. ZEP ZEP QUIZ ZEP SCHOOL Visit service Shortcuts Everyone can connect online Shortcuts Create fun quizzes quickly and easily Shortcuts Story-based interactive learning Total users 0 30,000,000 + 2025 Ministry of Education K-Edutech Award Product Innovation Winner at the 3rd AES Korea Awards 2025 Korea Virtual Convergence Innovation Award (Ministry of Science and ICT) 2025 Korea Leading Company Award (AI EdTech Startup – Grand Prize) 2025 Ministry of Education K-Edutech Award Product Innovation Winner at the 3rd AES Korea Awards 2025 Korea Virtual Convergence Innovation Award (Ministry of Science and ICT) 2025 Korea Leading Company Award (AI EdTech Startup – Grand Prize) 2025 Ministry of Education K-Edutech Award Product Innovation Winner at the 3rd AES Korea Awards 2025 Korea Virtual Convergence Innovation Award (Ministry of Science and ICT) 2025 Korea Leading Company Award (AI EdTech Startup – Grand Prize) 2025 Ministry of Education K-Edutech Award Product Innovation Winner at the 3rd AES Korea Awards 2025 Korea Virtual Convergence Innovation Award (Ministry of Science and ICT) 2025 Korea Leading Company Award (AI EdTech Startup – Grand Prize) Real-time interactive Space Home Pricing Real-time gatherings for any purpose Connect with other users in the same Space! Ideal for offices, bootcamps, and events. Simple, intuitive communication Free templates for different use cases Customize your own Space Real-time gatherings for any purpose Connect with other users in the same Space! Ideal for offices, bootcamps, and events. Simple, intuitive communication Connect instantly through video, reactions, and chat. Free templates for different use cases Pick a template for events, study sessions, lectures and customize! Customize your own Space Use the Map Editor to place objects, add links or videos, and design your own unique ZEP map. Create fun quizzes in minutes Home Pricing Add your questions and the quiz is ready. Students join as avatars to solve quizzes, and teachers can see results in real time. Easier and faster class preparation with AI New quiz maps every month Copy question sets with one click Add your questions and the quiz is ready. Students join as avatars to solve quizzes, and teachers can see results in real time. Easier and faster class preparation with AI AI creates questions instantly, making class prep faster. QUIZ AI also helps you build quizzes that match each student’s level. New quiz maps every month We add new team, group, and individual quiz maps every month. Select the format that best supports your lesson goals. Copy question sets with one click Copy popular quiz sets from other teachers and use them instantly. Share and collaborate with other teachers easily. Story-based interactive learning Home Pricing Ready-to-use lesson materials Communicate from anywhere, perfect for offices, bootcamps, and large events. All class materials prepared at once Teacher-verified content Private Spaces for each school Ready-to-use lesson materials Communicate from anywhere, perfect for offices, bootcamps, and large events. All class materials prepared at once Use ready-made lesson materials with no extra editing needed. Lesson plans, worksheets, and activities are all prepared for you. Teacher-verified content All materials are created or reviewed by teachers, ensuring quality and reliability. Private Spaces for each school Provide a safe learning environment with Spaces accessible only to your school’s students and teachers. Choose the ZEP service that fits your purpose Shortcuts Shortcuts Shortcuts Multiple users can connect simultaneously Up to 50,000 people Up to 200 people Up to 50 people A Space where everyone can gather for long periods Customizable Spaces Camera and microphone access Chat and DM features Real-time school events Interactive, experiential learning Download and use worsheets Copy and use learning material Commemorative or themed education Fast question creation with AI Learning history tracking Fun escape room quizzes View all Making learning more fun than ever Start using it in your classroom today! Contact us ZEP is developed by NAVER Z (ZEPETO) and SUPERCAT View careers