Crypto Wallet for Solana, Ethereum, DeFi - Zerion API Premium Security Blog Help About Us API Premium Security Blog Help About Us API Pricing Security Blog Help Community Download Your crypto wallet for Solana and Ethereum Browse The New Internet Browse The New Internet Own The NewInternet. Unlock The New Internet Build New Internet Get Zerion Extension Track Portfolio Try Zerion across every device Learn more Download on the App Store Download on Google Play API Premium Security Blog Help About Us Download Every Dapp. Every Asset. Every Chain. One wallet for all your tokens, DeFi, and NFTs, across Ethereum, Solana, and all major EVM networks. All in human-readable language. From a portfolio tracking view, dive into the details of anything you own. Download Zerion Download on the App Store Download on Google Play One Wallet for Solana and Ethereum Portfolio tracking across chains View your total portfolio across Ethereum, Solana, and major EVM chains. The Best Deal on Every Trade Bridge and swap in one transaction—now with Solana support. Every Token, Staked Asset and NFT Track it all across Ethereum and Solana. Jump into the right dapp straight from your portfolio. Clarity and empowerment Seamlessly switch between networks. Know the outcome before you sign a transaction. Choose your own adventure Follow any wallet, find alpha. Get the best prices for trades and bridges, all in one transaction. Stop forgetting things All your stuff across all networks. Manage positions. Play videos and music NFTs. For Web3 Citizens, Not Tourists 137,000+ Join the community Members in Discord cryptoRon DRAMA HimaNii Graggle Kev-out Graggle Loued Quaresma Cappet Okman DA686RK Zakislash Loued Hyalite SoraLight Cappet Quaresma Graggle Loued Loued Billy Goat Kev-out Loued Quaresma Graggle Cappet Loued learn more 369,000+ Zerion DNA holders 8,000+ Integrated protocols 51+ networks Non custodial Nobody can suspend your wallet, freeze your money, or stop your transactions. Connect to LEDGER Zerion works with Ledger crypto wallet to give you the best of hardware security and ease of transacting. Your Wallet, Everywhere You Go Extension for your browser Built for Ethereum and Solana. Advanced onchain security. Download for browser Mobile web3 wallet 50+ EVM networks and Solana. Swap, sign, use any dapps on the go. Download for iOS or Android Download on the App Store Download on Google Play Portfolio Tracking Dapp Your NFTs, DeFi, and transaction history for all wallets and all major chains. Launch App One Wallet. Layers of Possibilities. Security Safely explore all of web3 with complete peace of mind. learn more API Access the comprehensive onchain portfolio, transactions & NFT data  trusted by Uniswap & WalletConnect. learn more DNA Join +200k holders of the generative NFT that evolves with every wallet action learn more Safely explore all of web3 with complete peace of mind. learn more Your Multichain Wallet By Design Chrome Firefox Web app Google Play iOS Download on the App Store Download on Google Play FAQ Is Zerion Wallet safe? Zerion is a non-custodial wallet audited by professional security firms, including Cube53, Secfault Security, Peckshield, and Trail of Bits. All security audits are public. Zerion Wallet’s core code base is open-sourced. A bug bounty with Immunefi is there to reward whitehat hackers who might uncover any additional vulnerabilities. So, it’s fair to say that Zerion Wallet is safe. How do I transfer money to Zerion crypto wallet? You can send assets from any crypto exchange or a crypto wallet app. To transfer crypto from an exchange, click withdraw in your exchange or ‘send’ in your and wallet app and enter the address of your Zerion crypto wallet. You can also buy crypto in Zerion Wallet: just tap the blue button in the center of your screen, select ‘Buy’, and you will be taken to the dialogue window where you can buy crypto with a credit or debit card. Please note that you will not be able to transfer crypto from Revolut, PayPal or a similar neobank that does not offer crypto withdrawals. Can I create wallets for different chains in Zerion Wallet? A wallet created with Zerion Wallet automatically works with all supported networks that are compatible with Ethereum. This includes Arbitrum, Binance Smart Chain, Polygon, Optimism, Fantom and more. Can I make money with Zerion Wallet? Zerion Wallet is a non-custodial wallet for crypto that gives you access to a broad range of opportunities across DeFi and NFTs. With Zerion Wallet you can easily lend out your cryptocurrency and generate a yield. You can also provide liquidity and earn trading fees. In some protocols you can write options and earn premiums. Your Zerion Wallet will track all these positions and neatly show you your rewards. You can also trade tokens in your Zerion crypto wallet, automatically sourcing the best price from across various decentralized exchanges. Your Zerion Wallet will calculate your costs and profits. How does trading work with Zerion crypto wallet? Zerion Wallet automatically sources the best cryptocurrency prices from across different decentralized exchanges (DEXes) such as Uniswap, 1Inch, Balancer, or Sushiswap. This is done using DeFi SDK, the open-source library developed by Zerion to integrate with leading DeFi protocols. In practice, when swapping tokens in Zerion Wallet, you’ll get the best price that is currently available on various DEXes. Does Zerion offer DeFi portfolio tracker and where to find it? Yes, Zerion Wallet offers a built-in DeFi portfolio tracker, which automatically finds and tracks all your DeFi positions, debts, and rewards. You can find all your DeFi portfolio by tapping the ‘Tokens’ section and then changing the layout to ‘By Platform’ to arrange your assets by protocol. Zerion integrated DeFi tracking for over 500 protocols so it’s very likely that your DeFi assets will be tracked. What is the best free crypto portfolio tracker? The best crypto portfolio tracking depends on what exactly you need to track. Zerion Wallet offers a free portfolio tracker for DeFi and NFTs: it automatically finds and tracks all your tokens. However, this only works for non-custodial wallets, and Zerion will not be able to show assets you own on centralized exchanges. How do I track my DeFi coins? Zerion Wallet automatically tracks all DeFi coins you own. There is no need to add any token or coin manually, they will all show up in the ‘Tokens’ section of your wallet. To see how DeFi tracking works with Zerion, you can first connect your existing wallet and Zerion will automatically track DeFi coins. Zerion crypto wallet tracks all major coins listed on Coingecko as well as any other ERC-20 (for new assets you might see a warning and would need to double check the coin’s smart contract). How to track staked DeFi tokens, LPs, and rewards? In Zerion Wallet, staked tokens, LPs, rewards, debts, and other DeFi positions are automatically tracked. Zerion Wallet’s built-in DeFi tracker can be found in the ‘Tokens’ section of your wallet. If your DeFi positions have any earned and unclaimed rewards, Zerion Wallet will list them in your DeFi dashboard. If you see that, you can go ahead and claim those rewards in the protocol. Can Zerion crypto wallet hold Bitcoin? Zerion Wallet currently does not support Bitcoin. However, you can buy WBTC or wrapped Bitcoin. These are ERC-20 tokens that represent locked BTC and closely track the price of Bitcoin. Download our Mobile App to Create your Zerion Wallet Scan QR code to start exploring all of web3 in one place ©2025 Zerion, Inc. All rights reserved ZERION Zerion Web Zerion iOS Zerion Android Zerion API Zerion SDK ZERϴ Network NFT API COMPANY About Us Blog Careers Brand Assets SUPPORT Help Center Request Feature Bug Bounty PRODUCT Zerion DNA Wallet for Solana Wallet for Arbitrum Wallet for Base Wallet for Blast Wallet for BNB Chain Wallet for Ethereum Wallet for Scroll Wallet for Zora Wallet for Optimism Wallet for Polygon Wallet for zkSync Crypto Wallet Tracker DeFi Portfolio Tracker LEGAL Security Privacy Terms Rewards Program Cookie Policy Cookie Settings CCPA API License Close Cookie Popup Zerion Uses Cookies We use them to improve your experience and analyze traffic. Customize your preferences anytime. See our cookie policy for details. Strictly Necessary (Always Active) Cookies required to enable basic website functionality. Analytics Cookies helping us understand how this website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. Marketing Cookies used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. Personalization Cookies allowing the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in). Customize Save Accept Close Cookie Popup Zerion Uses Cookies We use them to improve your experience and analyze traffic. Customize your preferences anytime. See our cookie policy for details. Strictly Necessary (Always Active) Cookies required to enable basic website functionality. Analytics Cookies helping us understand how this website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. Marketing Cookies used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. Personalization Cookies allowing the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in). Customize Save Accept