ZeroTier | Next-Generation Connectivity and Cybersecurity Skip to content Support Download Search Search Search Platform Industries Close Industries Open Industries Secure Connectivity for Any Industry No matter what industry you operate in — from pharma to defense — we have you covered. Auto and transport Defense Education Enterprise IT Finance and banking Government Healthcare and pharma Hospitality and gaming IoT and edge computing Manufacturing MSPs and telcos Developers Learn Close Learn Open Learn Resources Discover product updates, real-world use cases, expert insights, latest videos, and more. Newsroom Blog Case studies Videos, webinars, and podcasts Media kit Learn Simple answers, helpful explanations, and everything you need to get comfortable with ZeroTier and secure networking. Getting started Developers Developer tools Glossary FAQ About ZeroTier Discover how ZeroTier evolved from an open source project to a leading networking platform. Find out more about us! Join the team! Partners Pricing Platform Industries Automotive and transport Defense Education Enterprise IT Finance and banking Government Healthcare and pharma Hospitality and gaming IoT and edge computing Manufacturing MSPs and telcos Developers Resources Newsroom Blog Case studies Videos, webinars, and podcasts Media kit Learn Getting started Developers Developer tools Glossary FAQ About ZeroTier Partners Pricing Start for free Login Login Start for free Setup in Minutes — Not Months Own Your Network , Ditch the Middleman 80% of the Internet Is Behind NAT — We Punch Through ZeroTier: Next-generation connectivity and cybersecurity. Simple. Resilient. Secure. Whether you’re connecting two devices or two million, ZeroTier makes global networking easy with a software-defined networking platform you can deploy in minutes, not days. Build, manage, and scale secure networks, without the hardware headaches. Explore the platform Contact sales Contact sales Explore the platform Simple Global networking, reimagined. Truly simple. We didn’t just simplify networking; we broke it down and built it better. No more tangled messes, just deploy in minutes and control your entire world from one dashboard. Simple isn’t a feature; it’s our operating system. No hardware needed Set up in minutes, not days View all your networks and devices in one place Reduce complexity caused by hybrid / multi-cloud environments “My only regret is that I didn’t go down that path earlier — much earlier.” — Head of Technical Operations,  AI-powered Parking Provider Resilient Built to adapt. Your network, uninterrupted. Networks break. Ours doesn’t. We built resilience into every byte, so your connections stay rock-solid, even when the world goes sideways. Hardware fails, connections drop, but your ZeroTier network just keeps going. The self-healing network adapts as internet connection and locations change Always available with built-in failover and redundancy Easily connects across firewalls and complex networks “ZeroTier unlocked doors for what we were capable of as a company and for our own projects.” — Operations Manager, Smart Building Technology Provider Secure Your data, protected. Connect confidently. Other networks route your data through who-knows-where. We don’t. We put privacy and security first, with end-to-end encryption and direct connections that just work. Security isn’t a layer; it’s the foundation of everything we build. Secure end-to-end encryption protects data in transit Device authentication via unique cryptographic IDs Perform deep packet inspection at the edge Auto and transport Defense Education Enterprise IT Government Finance and banking Healthcare and pharma Hospitality and gaming IoT and edge computing Manufacturing MSPs and telcos Developers For enterprise Industries Get ahead with scalable, secure, enterprise-grade networking built for today’s businesses. From defense and IoT to education and banking , ZeroTier makes it easy to manage devices, connect across clouds, and stay protected. Contact sales Trusted by Infinitely scalable From smart bulbs to spaceships, whether you have 10 users or 10,000, ZeroTier has an option that fits you. See pricing Contact sales Contact sales See pricing Industries Auto and transport Defense Education Enterprise IT Finance and banking Government Healthcare and pharma Hospitality and gaming IoT and edge computing Manufacturing MSPs and telcos Developers Platform Overview Security Trust Download Documentation Integrators Resources Blog Videos, webinars, and podcasts Glossary FAQ Company About Newsroom Partners Media kit Join the team! Next-Generation Connectivity and Cybersecurity GitHub Icon LinkedIn Icon YouTube Icon Facebook F Icon X Icon Bluesky Icon © 2025 ZeroTier, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Partner Terms of Service Select your destination New Central For accounts or organizations created after Nov. 5, 2025. Recommended for new users Legacy Central For old accounts created before Nov. 5, 2025. For existing users Not sure which to choose? Contact Support .