Zeus Slot general Review | How to play, FAQs The game is available only for registered users Sign Up 1 place Kitty Glitter - 4769 USD Marga* 2 place Avalon - 4409 USD Mary* 3 place Mermaids Mill... - 1195 USD Willi* Jackpot $6509885 Play now Home All Games uk casino online Best Payout Slots Demo Play Real Play Play for real money Zeus Slot Review Facebook Twitter Zeus Slot machine by Williams Interactive was released in 2014. The slot features a wild icon that is denoted by the Temple and a scatter which is denoted by Thunder icon. And like most casino games, this slot comes with a demo version that players can use to analyze how it functions without risking their money. For the Greek God of Thunder to run Mt Olympus, the players are supposed to start by adjusting their wager. There is a line option to use in adjusting the paylines, and there is a bet option for adjusting the coin value. The coin ranges between 0.01 and 5. To start playing, a player should click the spin button. The slot also features autoplay function, which allows the automatic spinning of reels for a pre-set number of times. Keep reading Zeus’s review to see other details. Video Overview Released 2016 Software WMS Rolls 5 Paylines 30 Minimum Bet 1 per line Maximum Bet 150 per line Play for money! Screenshots Other important details regarding Zeus Slot machine a) General Description Zeus Slot machine is an amazing ancient Greek fun game whereby people have a chance to meet the powerful thunder god and sky. This powerful being through powerful lightning and thunder manages to become the king. Also, in the Zeus Slot machine, people are able to encounter things like gold lyres, flying unicorns, mountains, and some more great features. The other features of this slot machine include the scatter, wild, and free spins. The gamblers can play from 30p to 159p on each spin. When it comes to the visuals, the Zeus Slot machine is created in the skies, which are above Mt Olympus. The game has very simple graphics, and there are various symbols. The most rewarding symbol is the Zeus; it rewards 16.66 times a person’s wager for 5 in a combination. The wild symbol can replace all the other symbols in the slot machine except the scatter to create winning combinations. If a player lands at least three scatters, the Zeus feature will be initiated, leading to the rewards below: 3 scatters award ten free spins. 4 scatters award 25 free spins. 5 scatters award 100 free spins. b) Pros and Cons Pros: Amazing visuals Great sound Free spins bonus Mobile gaming Multiplier Cons: The RTP can go down after 1000+ spins The free spins may fall flat c) Symbols The Zeus Slot machine symbols are as below: Gold coin Silver coin Ship Amphora Zeus Lira Pegasus Zeus Slot machine special symbols include: Scatter: Getting at least three of these symbols triggers free spins. Wild: This is the symbol that substitutes all other Zeus slot icons apart from the scatter. Zeus Slot machine win combinations are formed by a group of same symbols, starting with the 1st reel. Below are the symbols which pay the most: Times on a payline Icon Zeus Pegasus Ship Helmet 5 2,500.0 2,000-0 1,750.0 1750.0 4 1,000.0 750.0 500.0 500.0 3 250.0 200.0 150.0 150.0 d) The gameplay and playing rules Zeus Slot machine is quite easy to play even for beginners. Understanding how to win Zeus Slot machine needs players first to know the structure of the game. This is a slot machine that has five reels and three rows. During the standard game, the Zeus symbol is stacked, thus making it land on several points on the reel. Apart from that, this slot machine features the wild icons, which also contributes to the process and gets stacked on the bonus round. Gamblers can win by having winning symbols combinations on the lines, beginning from left to right. And depending on what a player’s configuration, there may be as low as five or as high as 30 active lines. Many winning lines require as little as three symbols for players to win. The top symbol is the Zeus, and gamblers only need two on the line to win. Zeus Slot machine 2nd most paying symbol (the Pegasus) also needs two on a line for a win to occur. The bonus is triggered if a player lands between 3 and 5 scatters. Balance and volatility On the Zeus Slot machine, gamblers are guaranteed reasonable earnings during the standard game. However, the bonus is the one that rewards the most through the Zeus icons. The wild icons also substitute the Zeus and give gamblers as high as 500x their bet. Playing the Zeus Slot machine at a higher limit where the Pegasus symbol pays on a two-reel is also beneficial. Zeus Slot machine bonus is what makes players get high rewards; otherwise, there will be so little to enjoy in this game, not unless you are lucky. The actual playing Before you spin Zeus Slot machine reels, you need to learn the game rules, understand the paytable, and know what the multiplier does. After that, set Zeus Slot machine parameters such as the number of lines and the coin value. The slot machine also features the Autoplay option, use it to spin the reels continuously, the number of times you want. Zeus Slot machine coins range from 0.01 to 5 dollars. A person should select the number of lines and the bet amount on each line. The bet may be between 0.3 and 5 dollars. It is possible to get the highest reward of 2,500 with 500 casino credits as the most bet. T he Zeus Slot machine bonus round Zeus Slot machine bonus round gets triggered whenever gamblers land a minimum of three scatters symbols on the active lines. If a player gets three scatters, he/she receives ten free spins. If a player gets four scatters, he/she receives 25 free spins. And if a player gets five scatters, he/she receives 100 free spins. Zeus free spins session may also be re-initiated when players land a minimum of three Lighting Thunderbolts in the free spins they are awarded. Getting more scatters in this slot machine rewards more the free spins. There are even other extras during the free falls. This applies to the rolling reels feature where there are multiplier wins on each spin. They range from 3x, 7x, 11x to 21x. When a person gets a 21x multiplier during on the highest on each spin, the win on each free spin is worth the fortune of a Greek god. Win paylines and jackpots Zeus Slot machine is a medium variance slot implying that it can be difficult to earn huge. But it is possible for gamblers to enjoy reasonable earnings and have great entertainment. Zeus Slot machine coins range from 0.01 to 5.00. A gambler needs to utilize a single coin each on a payline. The minimum bet on each line should be 0.30, and the maximum bet per payline should be 5.00. Players can also have a maximum bet of 150.00. This rewards 2,500.00 and amounts to 500 casino credits. Zeus Slot machine symbols can also be stacked. What this means is that gamblers may hit stacked wilds in each spin. The amount of active lines in the game is thirty, thus allowing gamblers to have their money reserves going on for the time they prefer. e) RTP and Variance Whenever a person wants to gamble, he/she will want a game whose risk level is not discouraging. Luckily, the Zeus Slot machine is designed in a way that provides the lowest risk to gamblers. This slot machine is also a medium variance game. Zeus Slot machine Return to Player percentage is 97. f) Mobile casino Zeus Slot machine can also be accessed on mobile devices. If you are an iOS and Android user, you can access it on your portable device from wherever you are. If you are using a Microsoft device through the Windows Operating System or even Blackberry, you will also be able to access this slot machine. iPad is also not left out. In fact, on an iPad, you will enjoy the perfect Zeus Slot mobile app functionality because the slot loads faster. g) Free gaming mode Zeus Slot machine, like most casino games, can be played for free. So, if you want to learn the game strategy without risking any money, use free mode. You will not need to sign up in order to play for free. Signing up is only a must when you want to play for real money. h) Casinos offering Zeus Slot machine The online gambling platforms where people play Zeus include: Netbet Slots million Casumo Gate 777 BITSTARZ 24K TRADA Jackpot city Gaming club Spin Conclusion Zeus Slot machine is not a bad game. In fact, if you like Greek mythology, this is the game that you are likely to like most. It has a wonderful design with amazing visuals. Its interface is also easy to use, and Zeus slot machine tips are not complicated at all. During the game, players also have an opportunity to win more through free spins bonus. Those are the main things that make the Zeus Slot machine continue being relevant up to date. Frequently Asked Questions 1. Is it possible to play Zeus Slot machine without the internet? No. you must be connected to the internet to be able to access this game. 2. Does the Zeus Slot machine have a gamble feature? No. All Zeus Slot machine wins get collected immediately, and a player may use them for his/her next bet. There is no gamble feature or anything similar to that in this slot machine. 3. Is the Zeus Slot machine a penny game? For players whose bankroll is small, they can choose to play the Zeus Slot machine as a penny game. This is done by setting the coin value one penny. Doing this allows a person to play this gambling machine as a low bet game. 4. Can Zeus Slot machine be played using a bonus? Yes. However, this will also depend on the gambling platform you choose. Not all casinos allow players to play all kinds of games using bonus money. 5. Are comp points earned through playing the Zeus Slot machine? Most gambling platforms nowadays have loyalty schemes or comp clubs. When playing the Zeus Slot machine in any of those casinos, you will earn comp points that accumulate and give you a chance to enjoy more wins. 6. Is there an Autoplay feature in the Zeus Slot machine? Yes. This is the feature that enables players to spin the machine continuously for a pre-set number of times. 7. Is it possible to win more in the Zeus Slot machine? Zeus game lets gamblers choose the number of lines to activate and the amount to bet on every line. A player can choose to bet more or less and can select more or few lines. This will determine how much the player will win. It is possible to get little frequent wins, and it is also possible to get large but less frequent wins. But it is recommended to choose a few lines and wager high on each of them than choosing many lines with a low bet on each of them. 8. Does the Zeus Slot machine have a free mode option? Yes. But ensure you choose a casino that is powered by Williams Interactive because that is where this gambling machine is offered. Both the free mode and real money versions of the Zeus Slot machine in those casinos. With free mode, gamblers can test and see whether this game will suit them without risking their money, and they will not be asked to register. 9. How do wild symbols work? In the Zeus Slot machine and any other casino game that has the wild symbol, the symbol works like the wild poker card. It replaces all other game symbols apart from the scatter to create a winning combination. 10. What are paylines? These are lines on gambling machines, which once the reels stop spinning, the game icons match in a certain way. Playing many paylines increases the winning odds. Facebook Twitter Play for money! Try our slot machines: Mythic Maiden Demo Golden Goddess Demo Atlantis Queen Demo Last Articles Zeus Slot Pc read more Zeus Slot Hack read more Zeus Slots Apk read more Characteristics Autostart Bonus Game Multiplayer Free Spins Progressive Wild Symbol Play for money! TOP 5 CASINO 1 5 /5 T&C Applies 2 4.8 /5 T&C Applies 3 5 /5 T&C Applies 4 4.7 /5 T&C Applies 5 4.7 /5 T&C Applies Marco Eisenhauer Chief editor Marco Eisenhauer, Slot Host at zeusslot.org Born: 2/21/1985, 1322 Kuhl Avenue, Marietta 30067, US, Marietta Education: Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México Contact: 678-627-7666 Experience in writing: 5 Job: Slot Host in our team "I have been working behind the scenes at zeusslot.org for a 5 years now. But I have been a part of the iGaming industry for a lot longer. I graduated in business at Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México and have been involved in the online casino sector ever since. Today, I'm the site's Editor-in-chief. I spend my days sharing my knowledge with my team of experts and ensuring that our reviews are of the highest quality." Marco Eisenhauer frequently travels across the USA, UK, Canada and teaches courses and seminars to beginners and experts alike. Being the tenacious guy that he is, Marco Eisenhauer vowed to learn the table games and become a real expert in iGaming industry. 04.04.2018 10 8 6 4 2 8 / 10 Votes: 41 Home All Games Cookies Policy Privacy Policy Responsible Gambling Terms and Conditions 1 Minimum Deposit Casino Mobile Slots UK Mobile Slots Free Sign Up Bonus UK £5 Minimum Deposit Casino in the UK Submit Your Casino Sitemap zeusslot.org © 2025 18+ If you are under 18 and gambling for money is banned in your country, play for free! Respect the laws of your state! Play For Real Money