Ziff Davis Skip to main content ZD $35.15 ▼ -1.21% Minimum 20 minute delay. ABOUT About Ziff Davis M&A Program Leadership 2024 ESG Report 2024 DEI Report Recent News Contact Us OUR BRANDS Technology Shopping Gaming & Entertainment Health & Wellness Connectivity Cybersecurity Martech RESPONSIBILITY Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Environmental Sustainability Community Data Privacy & Security Governance Policies CAREERS Work With Us Search Jobs Employee Benefits Locations ReStart INVESTORS Corporate Information Financials Presentations & Reports Governance News Stock Info Ziff Davis Reports Q3 2025 Financial Results & Reaffirms 2025 Guidance Ziff Davis reported Q3 2025 unaudited financial results and reaffirmed its 2025 guidance. VIEW RESULTS LISTEN TO WEBCAST Ziff Davis Issues 2024 ESG Report Ziff Davis issued its annual Environmental, Social & Governance (ESG) Report for 2024. The ESG Report describes steps Ziff Davis has taken to reduce its environmental footprint, contribute to the communities in which it operates, and enhance its data privacy and security, and corporate governance practices. Read the Report Ziff Davis Issues 2024 DEI Report Ziff Davis issued its annual Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DEI) Report for 2024, detailing the company's ongoing efforts to ensure it remains broadly representative and inclusive to attract and retain the best talent. Read the Report A Look Inside Ziff Davis Today, Ziff Davis is a multi-billion dollar digital media and internet company that’s home to 40+ leading tech, shopping, gaming and entertainment, connectivity, health and wellness, cybersecurity, and martech brands, serving millions of customers worldwide—here’s a look inside our business. Watch Video M&A Program With over $3 billion of capital deployed on M&A, Ziff Davis’ M&A success stems from our rigorous and analytical approach leveraging our deep industry knowledge, technological expertise and investment acumen. Our Approach M&A Program At Ziff Davis, we employ a systematic and repeatable acquisition program designed for speed, conviction, and consistency in results. Our Approach Careers We hire people who embody what we value most: leadership, collaboration, innovation and passion. Come grow with us. Search Jobs Investors Ziff Davis (NASDAQ: ZD) is a vertically focused digital media and internet company. Investor Relations Our Brands Technology Shopping Gaming & Entmt Health & Wellness Connectivity Cybersecurity MarTech Learn more about our technology brands Recent News Nostalgia is trending and it’s about to tax your holiday budget Consumer Affairs 12/16/2025 Nostalgia and viral trends are influencing purchases. RetailMeNot surveyed 1,169 U.S. adults and found that 40% of shoppers say nostalgic or viral holiday trends are helping to shape their buying decisions this year. This change in shopping behavior shows this is more than just some clever inspiration on your feeds, consumers are actually starting to buy this stuff in record numbers. 58% of Millennials have purchased (or plan to purchase) based on these cozy nostalgic trends. Among Gen Z, RetailMeNot found 37% are buying based on these trends, while 35% are simply saving ideas and building dream décor boards. Read Article Ookla: FWA speeds for the big 3 all went down this year Fierce Network 12/16/2025 Fixed wireless access (FWA) speeds for major operators declined across the board during the second and third quarters of 2025, according to a new Ookla report. But how much of that is seasonal or due to network congestion is tough to say. T-Mobile, which boasts the fastest average FWA speed, saw its median downlink dip from 221.65 Mbps in Q1 2025 to 209.06 Mbps in Q3 2025. Still, the latter is roughly double that of AT&T, Ookla noted, as AT&T’s median download speed dropped from 114.34 Mbps to 104.363 Mbps in the same period. Verizon FWA meanwhile declined from 167.30 Mbps to 137.81 Mbps. Read Article Shoppers Turn to Discounts and Debt, but Not Just for Holidays New York Times 12/3/2025 “Consumers have faced several years of rising costs, and what we’re seeing now is resilience turning into strategy,” said Magali Darling, the chief commercial officer at RetailMeNot, a company that offers discount coupons and cash-back options on some purchases. “It’s a long-term shift in how consumers approach spending, with a stronger focus on making every dollar work harder.” At RetailMeNot, account registrations this year through November jumped 22 percent from the same period in 2024. Read Article View More News Ziff Davis Accessibility Policy Legal & Patent Notices Privacy Privacy Preferences Contact Us © Copyright 2026 Ziff Davis, Inc. All rights reserved.