Zigpoll - Survey & Feedback Platform Zigpoll Pricing Resources Case Studies Blog Examples Contact Sign up Log In Zigpoll Pricing Resources Case Studies Examples Contact Sign up Log In 400+ 5-Star Reviews _ Get fast, actionable insights from Your customers Reduce ad waste, and grow LTV Set up in minutes - No code. No complexity. Sign up for free No Credit Card Required See it in action Zigpoll is the trusted feedback partner for 20,000+ companies. Launch in Minutes — No Code. No Headaches. Step 1 Install Our Shopify App or Add Our Embed Code Connect your store in one click — no coding, no tech headaches. Step 2 Set Up Surveys in 5 Minutes Choose a template or create your own. You’ll be live in under 5 minutes. Step 3 Get Automated insights See exactly what stops your customers from buying — and fix it fast. Get Started Now Or Check Our Pricing Turn Moments Into Insights Trigger the right questions when they matter most. Ask better questions. Use multiple question formats to engage your customers and gather quality feedback with an unmatched response rate . Follow up on specific answers with branching logic and offer incentives to create rewarding interactions that reveal critical insights. Start your free trial Get insights automagically . We automatically digest your response data and provide actionable insights when a meaningful sample set comes in. Our AI chat interface lets you ask specific questions to an AI model trained on your business and response data. Start your free trial Engage at the perfect time . Our advanced targeting rules and third party integrations let you send the survey to the right person at just the right moment. Reach your customer anywhere using email, sms, or on-site survey options . Address them directly with template variables . Start your free trial Ready to get started? Zigpoll lite is free forever with no credit card required . Get Started Now Or Install on Shopify Latest Case Studies See How Brands Use Zigpoll To Convert, Retain, And Scale. Learn From Manucurist How Manucurist uses Zigpoll’s post purchase surveys to optimize site conversion and launch new SKU’s. Learn More Spotlight on Kanga Coolers How Kanga Coolers uses Zigpoll's post purchase surveys to optimize landing pages and launch 6-figure product lines Learn More Details from Dalfilo How Dalfilo uses multi-language surveys to build confidence in new initiatives and improve attribution. Learn More Want results like these? You're 5 Minutes Away? No Devs. No Code. No Guesswork Get Started Now No Credit Card Required 400+ 5-Star Reviews We love our customers and they love us. Steve Madden United States There are tons of ready-made survey solutions built in, but it's also super easy to create our own surveys from scratch. I really appreciate the myriad of different question formats (single-select, multi-select, sliding scale, and even photo selections, among tons of others). The data is aggregated in easy-to-read charts plus AI insights, so it's really simple to synthesize the survey results. Most importantly, the support offered is absolutely top-notch. Karl Lagerfeld United States Zigpoll offers a wide variety of survey options, easy to set up and get started. We really appreciated the auto translation option, as we offer so many different languages. The AI features for response analysis are a serious time saver that we would not want to miss! The Zigpoll team is always available to support and super friendly. AMARO Brazil We have been very pleased with using the platform so far. It is extremely intuitive and easy for our entire team to use. We now rely solely on Zigpoll for sending surveys like NPS and pop-ups during the customer journey on our site. We highly recommend it. Gaâla France This app has everything you need if you are looking to get feedback from your users and clients on any topic. We started with a classic survey that we embedded in a dedicated website page. Super user user friendly and easy to set up. Explore all reviews Share Zigpoll insights across your favorite tools. See all integrations Pricing options Choose the plan that works for you . Billing Interval Monthly Annual Save 50% Lite Free 100 responses /mo Send 100 emails /mo Sign up for free See monthly billing Flexible question formats Custom style any survey Unlimited surveys Standard $12 /mo 500 responses /mo Send 2,500 emails /mo Sign up for free See monthly billing Automatic AI insights Flexible question formats Custom style any survey White label support Unlimited surveys Installation support 500 SMS messages Advanced $49 /mo 2,000 responses /mo Send 10,000 emails /mo Sign up for free See monthly billing Automatic AI insights Flexible question formats Custom style any survey White label support Unlimited surveys Installation support 2,000 SMS messages Copywriting support Ultimate $99 /mo Unlimited responses /mo Send 10,000 emails /mo Sign up for free See monthly billing Automatic AI insights Flexible question formats Custom style any survey White label support Unlimited surveys Installation support 2,000 SMS messages Custom Domain Name Copywriting support Need some more information? Contact Us or Learn More Frequently Asked Questions What is Zigpoll Zigpoll is an contextual micro-survey tool. The idea is that you create small interactive surveys that show up where and when you want them on your website. The data you gather from surveys polls can then be used for lots of different things, like making your business better, increasing your conversion rate, and generating new leads. Can I have multiple surveys on my website? Yes. You can have as many surveys as you want on your website. You can only show one survey per page though. Can I put a specific survey on a specific page of my website? Yes. You can specify what pages you want a survey to show up on using our Page Rules. You can exclude certain pages, or match certain pages based on a variety of options. If you have trouble getting a survey on a certain page, email us and we'll be happy to help: [email protected] . Does this work for all websites? Yes. All you need to do is copy the embed code and place it within the head tag of your website and you will be all set. If you need help putting the code in, we are always here to help, just send us an email here: [email protected] . Can I customize my Zigpoll? Yes. You can change all the colors of your Zigpoll using the display tab. Each survey can have a different color scheme if you prefer. Can I customize when my Zigpoll shows up? Yes. You can control where and when the survey shows up using the visibility tab. You can control each survey seperately or all of them in bulk if you prefer. Can I customize how many times the survey shows up? Yes. You can control how many times a user sees a survey using the visibility tab. You can also control if the survey hides immediatly or if it continues to show up after it has been completed. Can I get in touch with you for custom support? Absolutely! We pride ourselves on having world class support. Send an email to [email protected] or use our contact form and we will get in touch ASAP no matter what plan you are on or your request. Start surveying for free. Try our no-code surveys that visitors actually answer. Get Started See Examples Questions or Feedback? We are always ready to hear from you. Let's Talk × Zigpoll Product Examples Pricing Reviews Log In Sign up Information Blog Terms DPA Docs Affiliates Integrations Resources API Documentation Solutions E-Commerce Media SaaS Case Studies How to Switch from Typeform Switch from Fairing Switch from Kno Switch from Sprig Switch from Hotjar Switch from SurveyMonkey Company About Contact Us FAQs © Zigpoll 2025. All Rights Reserved.