Zillow Group - Reimagining Real Estate Skip to content About About Zillow Our Brands and Businesses Our Leadership News Blog: The Home Page Stories Press Releases Investors Social Responsibility Our AI Principles Social Impact Corporate Governance Corporate Policies Engagement and Belonging Sustainability Advocacy Careers Overview Benefits Flexible Work Partner with Us Follow Us Reimagining real estate to make it easier than ever to move from one home to the next. Quick Navigation The affordability challenge Resources for first-time home buyers The rent-versus-buy decision Navigate to… The affordability challenge Resources for first-time home buyers The rent-versus-buy decision Everyone deserves a home they love. Far too many people seeking housing encounter barriers at seemingly every turn — while renting, buying, getting a mortgage and more. More than five decades after the Fair Housing Act was passed, bias and discrimination continue to impose obstacle after unfair obstacle. Learn more about what Zillow is doing to advocate for fair housing Building a seamless transaction experience. More than 200 million people visit our websites and mobile apps every month. By listening to our customers and providing them with the right information, technology and services, we’re creating a seamless real estate transaction experience for today’s on-demand world. Learn more in our Investor Center Creating change in our communities. We believe homes are essential to life. We leverage our platform and influence within the housing industry to drive conversations and action around critical issues and give back to our communities. We support our employees and customers through partnerships and initiatives that prioritize people, community — and the importance of home. Learn more about our community impact. Join us as we work to replatform real estate. We’re on a mission to give our employees, our customers and our partners the power to unlock life’s next chapter. We’re bold thinkers who provide the support, training and mentorship you need — so you can advance your career, the company and even the industry. View job opportunities Our Next Chapter We live in an always-on world, and we believe the challenges of moving shouldn’t get in the way of moving forward. That’s why we’re on a mission to make home a reality for more and more people. Learn more about our mission & values Stories From Our Community Posted in Consumer Advocacy , Industry Changes to real estate industry practices should put consumers first Posted in Announcements , Consumer Advocacy Gen Z, Millennials, and the credit score blind spot Posted in Announcements , Industry Why Zillow Group acquired Follow Up Boss Posted in Consumer Advocacy , Industry A rental market that works for everyone Posted in Culture Zillow recognized as one of Fortune’s Best Workplaces for Parents Posted in Zillow Research The top 10 most affordable metros for buying a home Posted in Community Impact Announcing the winners of Zillow’s HBCU hackathon Posted in Consumer Advocacy , Industry Colorado ‘commingling’ ruling a win for agents, consumers Posted in Products 5 ways to simplify — and speed up! — your home-shopping experience See All Zillow News Discover More Our Story Giving people the power to unlock life’s next chapter. Learn More › Our Services We're creating a seamless real estate transaction experience. Learn More › Our Partners Our partners across the real estate industry are critical in our next chapter. Learn More › About Zillow Media Room Investors Careers Privacy Policy Terms of Use Our Brands Zillow Trulia StreetEasy Hotpads Zillow Rentals Zillow Premier Agent Zillow Home Loans ShowingTime+ Follow Up Boss Aryeo Our Blogs Corporate Consumer Research Tech Mortgage Learning Agent Resources Landlord Resources Follow Us © 2006-2023 MFTB Holdco, Inc., a Zillow affiliate