 
Find Your Solution
Find Your Solution
Home
Product
Explore
Connect
Support Portal
Slide 1
Email & Collaboration
best productivity tools

Keep your business data secure and private in an open platform.

Try Web Client
Try Web Client
Find out which Zimbra solution works best
for your business.
Take a simple online assessment.
Find Your Solution
Find Your Solution
Collaborative Features

Communicate, organize and secure your data. Choose from our suite of collaborative tools.

Email

Search or share content in your email system. You can integrate Zimbra email with desktop clients like Outlook, Apple Mail and Thunderbird.

 
Calendar

Schedule meetings, track attendance and collaborate with ease. You can also easily make appointments and check team members’ availability.

 
Chat

Zimbra’s integrated platform offers real time communication with a robust and secure cloud-based infrastructure.

Why Zimbra?

Zimbra offers businesses a secure, data-sovereign email and collaboration platform built on open standards. A low-risk alternative, it provides integrated email, calendar, contacts, tasks, and document sharing.

Businesses gain complete control over their data with flexible on-premises or cloud deployment, ensuring compliance and avoiding vendor lock-in. Empowering productivity with advanced security, Zimbra delivers a trusted and transparent communication solution designed for your needs.

 
 

Choose from on-premises, cloud-based network or even a mix of both. You decide which is best.

 

Mix and match from our customizable and expandable features. You can add on more as your business grows.

 

Access and manage your communication data safely and privately anywhere, anytime.

Trusted by thousands of clients.

“In the past, we had very limited access to the web server and minimal control overall. Now, access is fully under our control. Zimbra’s system is highly secure, with native 2FA and additional Web Application Firewall (WAF) protection.”

IHR LABOR
Healthcare
Marlene Weiss
Head of IT & Technology

“As cyber-attacks become increasingly sophisticated, educating users is no longer enough. With Zimbra’s on-premises solution and robust 2FA, our email system is both secure and agile—ideal for our evolving digital landscape.”

Kyoto University of Education
Education
Professor Harumasa Tada
Director of Information Processing Center

“Zimbra’s open-standard, on‑prem email solution offered us the flexibility and control we needed to meet strict data sovereignty requirements—without compromising security or scalability.”

PT Bank China Construction Bank Indonesia
Financial Services
Dionisius Siburian
IT Infrastructure Department Head
What’s New in Zimbra?

Catch up on our latest news and updates

Subscribe

Subscribe to Zimbra Newsletter for the latest updates.

Yes, I would like to receive occasional marketing communications regarding Zimbra products, services & events. I can opt out at any time by emailing privacypolicy@synacor.com.*
SUBSCRIBE
SUBSCRIBE
Products
Productivity Add-ons
Downloads
Documentation
Product Lifecycle
License
FAQ
 
Explore
Customer Success Stories
Digital Assets
Professional Services
Blog
Webinars/Events
 
Connect
About Us
Contact Us
Find a Partner
Become a Zimbra Partner
Zimbra Forum
Support Offerings
 
    
Legal Information
 
Privacy Policy
 
Do Not Sell
 
CCPA Disclosures
Copyright © 2023 Synacor, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
This website uses cookies
This website uses cookies for analytics, personalization, advertising, and other purposes. By continuing to browse, you consent to our use of cookies as set forth in our Privacy Policy. You may customize cookies you allow by clicking here and selecting 'Cookie Preferences'.
GOT IT!