Secure Cloud Hosting, Managed Cloud Services Skip to content Home About Us Overview Why Zimcom? Leadership Data Centers Partner Program Careers Services Secure Cloud Hosting Public Cloud Private Cloud Cloud Desktops Cloud Migration Web Hosting Data Protection Advanced Automatic Data Protection Disaster Recovery Cloud Backup MSP Backup Office 365 Backup Security MSP Partnership Data Center Services Colocation Connectivity Resources Blog FAQs eBooks & Whitepapers Cloud Comparison Downtime Calculator Data Protection Quiz Cloud Pricing Calculator Support Contact Support Show IP Network Status Login LCO Portal Billpay Portal Veeam Back Portal New to Zimcom? Home About Us Overview Why Zimcom? Leadership Data Centers Partner Program Careers Services Secure Cloud Hosting Public Cloud Private Cloud Cloud Desktops Cloud Migration Web Hosting Data Protection Advanced Automatic Data Protection Disaster Recovery Cloud Backup MSP Backup Office 365 Backup Security MSP Partnership Data Center Services Colocation Connectivity Resources Blog FAQs eBooks & Whitepapers Cloud Comparison Downtime Calculator Data Protection Quiz Cloud Pricing Calculator Support Contact Support Show IP Network Status Login LCO Portal Billpay Portal Veeam Back Portal New to Zimcom? Book a Consultation As of January 1, Zimcom is transitioning to Liberty Center One! Same team. Same services. One unified brand. Learn More Zimcom: The Premier Cloud Infrastructure Provider Serving the Midwest and Beyond 30-50% more cost effective than the Big 3 public cloud providers 30 Days of free, automatic nightly backups 50 Copies of your data safely stored and encrypted at all times Seamless Cloud Migrations. Secure Cloud Hosting. Industry-Leading Data Protection. We believe that every business, large or small, should have a dependable partner to help with managing cloud infrastructure services. It’s about having someone you can trust, who can help you keep up with the fast-paced changes in technology that can be both good and sometimes challenging. We’ve been helping clients with hosting and cloud services for nearly 25 years, always making sure they are ahead in the game with unparalleled customer service. Think of us as more than just service providers; we want to be your go-to partner in the tech world. With Zimcom, using cloud technology is easier and more beneficial, and won’t cost you as much as other well-known providers might charge. Our team, made up of experienced experts, offers reliable and secure cloud infrastructure management designed to help your business grow and succeed. Why Choose Zimcom? Learn More About Our Cloud Capabilities Our Business Relationships are Built on Technology that takes your organization to the next level Responsive and accountable experts when you need them Understanding your situation and providing real solutions Security that you and your organization deserve True partnerships based on respect and personal attention Our Range of Cloud Infrastructure Management Services Zimcom excels in offering secure cloud solutions , underpinned by an unwavering focus on data protection. Our offerings span a comprehensive range of software-defined data center tools dispersed across various geographic locations, promising you not just services, but solutions that are tailormade to propel your business forward. Trust us to be the cloud infrastructure provider who doesn’t solely care about technology or your monthly bill, but also bringing innovation to your business operations. Disaster Recovery Disaster Recovery Disasters happen unexpectedly. We can help you plan for the unexpected and get your business back online quickly. Public Cloud Public Cloud Our highly-scalable public cloud platform is a powerful automation and management tool for provisioning flexible on-demand cloud services. Data Centers Data Centers Our state-of-the-art data center facilities are secure and compliant, providing you with the infrastructure you need to run your mission-critical data and applications safely and reliably. Data Security Data Security Our industry-leading backup protection ensures that your data and systems are protected from the latest cyber threats. Office 365 Backup Office 365 Backup Veeam-powered Microsoft 365 backups keep businesses in control of their data – even after an unpredictable event, like a cyberattack or accident. Private Cloud Private Cloud Private Cloud Clusters are ideal for organizations that want a single-tenant solution that’s secure, scalable and reliable. Book a short 15-minute discovery call with an expert to discuss your business technology needs Schedule Your FREE IT Consultation Step 1 - Free Consultation Schedule a remote consultation with one of Zimcom’s IT experts. There’s no cost or obligation. Step 2 - Strategy Session On the call, we’ll discuss your company’s current IT setup and needs, as well as your future goals. From there, we can recommend the best cloud solutions for you. Step 3 - Delivery Once we have our roadmap in place, we’ll get started right away implementing your optimal cloud setup in an efficient and seamless manner. Zimcom: Your Go-To Provider for Cloud Infrastructure Management At Zimcom, we stick to the simple rule of “using the right tool for the right job.” We know that big cloud companies might be good for some things, but they aren’t the answer for everything. Many businesses have found that these giant companies don’t have enough resources, take more time, and cost more than expected to move systems to the cloud. This is where Zimcom stands out as a great choice. We offer easy-to-reach customer service with reps who understand your business well. We provide flexible setups for your technology infrastructure and network without any hidden extra charges, ensuring your data is safe and secure without burning a hole in your pocket. Major bonus: we help you save up to 30-50% compared to large cloud companies that often have hidden fees . Plus, our experienced team is here to help you move your operations to the cloud from start to finish, making the whole process hassle-free and cost-effective. We make working with us stress-free and easy. Book a Consultation Zimcom: Your Go-To Provider for Cloud Infrastructure Management At Zimcom, we stick to the simple rule of “using the right tool for the right job.” We know that big cloud companies might be good for some things, but they aren’t the answer for everything. Many businesses have found that these giant companies don’t have enough resources, take more time, and cost more than expected to move systems to the cloud. This is where Zimcom stands out as a great choice. We offer easy-to-reach customer service with reps who understand your business well. We provide flexible setups for your technology infrastructure and network without any hidden extra charges, ensuring your data is safe and secure without burning a hole in your pocket. Major bonus: we help you save up to 30-50% compared to large cloud companies that often have hidden fees . Plus, our experienced team is here to help you move your operations to the cloud from start to finish, making the whole process hassle-free and cost-effective. We make working with us stress-free and easy. Book a Consultation Our Partners https://www.openstack.org/ https://www.citrix.com/ https://www.veeam.com/ https://www.crowdstrike.com/ https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/ https://www.libertycenterone.com/ https://www.purestorage.com/ https://www.dell.com/en-us https://www.cyrusone.com/ https://www.lumen.com/en-us/home.html https://www.att.com/ https://www.crowncastle.com/ https://www.altafiber.com/consumerbusinessselection https://www.cisco.com/ https://www.juniper.net/us/en/company.html https://www.zerto.com/ https://sucuri.net/ https://hystax.com/ New to cloud computing? Want to learn more about how cloud technologies can help your business get ahead of the curve? Fill out the form and download a FREE copy of our eBook, “Cloud Computing: How It Helps Your Business.” There are no strings attached. Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Name * First Name Email * CAPTCHA Δ Ready to take your business to the next level? Talk with one of our experts about how we can secure and optimize your IT operations, protect your data, and help you achieve peace of mind. Schedule Your FREE IT Consultation Address Zimcom 1080 Nimitzview Drive Suite 400 Cincinnati, OH 45230 Phone: 513-231-9500 Toll Free: 888-624-3910 Services Public Cloud Private Cloud Cloud Desktops Cloud Migration Web Hosting Disaster Recovery Cloud Backup Security Colocation Connectivity Sitemap Home About Us Why Zimcom? Our Data Centers Careers FAQs Blog Contact Us Site Map ©2025 Zimcom Internet Solutions. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Acceptable Use Policy Service Level Agreement Master Services Agreement Home About Us Overview Why Zimcom? Leadership Data Centers Partner Program Careers Services Secure Cloud Hosting Public Cloud Private Cloud Cloud Desktops Cloud Migration Web Hosting Data Protection Advanced Automatic Data Protection Disaster Recovery Cloud Backup MSP Backup Office 365 Backup Security MSP Partnership Data Center Services Colocation Connectivity Resources Blog FAQs eBooks & Whitepapers Cloud Comparison Downtime Calculator Data Protection Quiz Cloud Pricing Calculator Support Contact Support Show IP Network Status Login LCO Portal Billpay Portal Veeam Back Portal New to Zimcom? LCO Portal Billpay Portal Let’s Get Started I’m Asa Hensley, Director of Sales at Zimcom. Schedule a call with me so we can discuss your cloud needs. Book a 15-minute, No-Obligation Discovery Call