Zix Legacy Page | OpenText Cybersecurity Products Threat Prevention and Detection Email Security Data Backup and Recovery Continuity and Compliance Threat Prevention and Detection Threat Prevention and Detection Threat Prevention and Detection Overview Endpoint Protection Endpoint Protection Endpoint Protection EDR EDR EDR Security Awareness Training Security Awareness Training Security Awareness Training MDR MDR MDR DNS Protection DNS Protection DNS Protection Email Security Email Security Email Security Overview Email Encryption Email Encryption Email Encryption Email Continuity Email Continuity Email Continuity Email Threat Protection Email Threat Protection Email Threat Protection Email Message Privacy Email Message Privacy Email Message Privacy Data Backup and Recovery Data Backup and Recovery Data Backup and Recovery Overview Cloud-to-Cloud Backup Cloud-to-Cloud Backup Cloud-to-Cloud Backup Server Backup Server Backup Server Backup Endpoint Backup Endpoint Backup Endpoint Backup Continuity and Compliance Continuity and Compliance Continuity and Compliance Overview Availability Availability Availability Recover Recover Recover Migrate Migrate Migrate Business Communications Archive Business Communications Archive Business Communications Archive Solutions Microsoft Solutions Microsoft Solutions Overview Azure Modern Work MSP Solutions MSP Solutions Overview Secure Cloud Integrations Partners Partner Program Partner Program Overview MSP Program MSP Program Details Become a Partner Become a Partner Sign up Partner Portal Partner Portal Login Support Resources Resource Center Resource Center All Resources Cybersecurity Blog Cybersecurity Blog All Blogs Webinars Webinars All Webinars Search Search Login Contact Us Search Login Contact Us Zix Zix is now part of OpenText™ Cybersecurity The same team of Microsoft experts, now within the comprehensive cybersecurity portfolio of OpenText. Customer resources FAQs Important resources for customers Although Zix is now formally part of the OpenText family, you still have access to the support and account portals you're used to. New Users - How to access your encrypted email Contact Zix Support Secure Cloud Login Zix Central Login Zix Message Center Login FAQs What happened to Zix? Quick history: Zix was acquired by OpenText in 2021 . You've been directed to the OpenText Cybersecurity site, which represents the complete set of product & service portfolios. What's changed about my account team? Nothing. You'll still get the same great service and expertise that you're used to, just with a new brand. (Tip: you should really check out our complete offering.) What's changed about managing my account? Nothing. We've simply consolidated the marketing aspects of the Zix website within https://cybersecurity.opentext.com, but the existing support portals will remain. See Customer Resources above. How do I contact support? Encrypted Email Recipients: Recipients of encrypted email who need assistance should contact the sending organization's support group. This support contact information is provided on the portal login page. ZixMail Non-Corporate Customers: To open a ticket, please email support@zixcorp.com. Please allow up to 3 business hours for email responses. Corporate Customers: Corporate customer administrators may contact us: by phone (888-576-4949.), by email ( support@zixcorp.com ), or via the Support Portal . How do I use the support portal? When you arrive on our support portal, you can immediately access knowledge base articles for questions about email encryption and how to open an encrypted email. You can also access ZixMail user instructions and software downloads of ZixMail. Corporate administrators will need to login for additional knowledgebase articles and software downloads related to ZixGateway and the management of all Zix solutions. What training is available for administrators? After deployment, we offer three Tech Talk webinars for additional assistance and refreshers. Please login to the customer support portal to register for the webinars. Additionally, Zix has posted training videos in the ZixGateway section of the support portal. Is there any cost to upgrade or maintain my software? All patches, updates and new software releases for Zix are included in your service. There is no cost to upgrade. We recommend the use of latest versions, which are available in the downloads section of our support portal. I received an email notification stating I have received an encrypted email. What do I do next? Recipients of encrypted email can get support from the sending organization. The support email address can be found on the login screen when clicking on the encrypted email notification link. If you have any questions about why you received an encrypted email notification or the content of the message, please contact the sender. Discover Data Sheet Email Encryption Data Sheet OpenText footer Product Categories Product Categories Threat Detection and Prevention Email Security Data Backup and Recovery Continuity and Compliance Solutions Solutions Microsoft Solutions MSP Solutions Partners Partners Partner Program MSP Program Become a Partner Partner Portal Support Support Support Overview Resources Resources Resource Center Cybersecurity Blog Webinars Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences Contact Website Terms of Use Copyright © 2025 Open Text Corporation. All Rights Reserved.