ZME Science: not exactly rocket science ZME Science No Result View All Result No Result View All Result Latest Science News Climate Arctic Rivers Are Turning Orange as the Ground Thaws Beneath Them by Tudor Tarita December 30, 2025 Ancient frozen soils are releasing metals into waterways as the Arctic warms rapidly. Read more Details Environment This Is What Antarctica Would Look Like Without Its Ice by Tibi Puiu December 30, 2025 Antarctica's most detailed map exposes its vulnerable future. Read more Details Animals This Freshwater Fish Can Live Over 120 Years and Shows No Signs of Aging. But It Has a Problem by Tibi Puiu December 30, 2025 An ancient freshwater species may be quietly facing a silent collapse. Read more Details Nanotechnology Scientists just built programmable robots the size of bacteria that can operate alone for months by Tudor Tarita December 30, 2025 Scientists built autonomous robots smaller than a grain of salt, and they can think. Read more Details Climate Fiji is already forced to relocate villages because of climate change. A billion coastal residents should pay attention by Fermin Koop December 29, 2025 Dozens of villages have to move or be destroyed. Read more Details News Science has always needed marketing. This was the case in Newton’s day, and it’s also the case today by Mihai Andrei and 1 others December 29, 2025 Two-thirds of Americans fear AI will cause major harm soon. Read more Details Tech Japan Just Installed a Massive Laser Weapon on Its Naval Test Ship by Tudor Tarita December 29, 2025 The massive laser is aimed at hitting drones. Read more Details Animals Archaeologists discover 5000-year-old dog buried with its own bone dagger in Sweden by Tudor Tarita December 29, 2025 Buried with a bone dagger, this "good boy" offers rare clues into Neolithic life and beliefs. Read more Details Archaeology Hundreds of Victorian Shoes Have Washed up on a British Beach by Mihai Andrei December 29, 2025 Talk about a Christmas mystery. Read more Details Diseases FDA Approves First New Gonorrhea Treatments In 30 Years by Tudor Tarita December 29, 2025 After decades of relying on a single injection, doctors finally have two new weapons. Read more Details Load More Exclusive News Our Favorite Science Stories That Stuck With Us From 2025 December 25, 2025 Animals How Fearsome Wolves Became Loyal Dogs — and Changed Human History Forever December 23, 2025 Biology How Life Solved Its “Impossible” Problem: Leading Chemist Explains Life Doesn’t Need a Miracle to Appear December 23, 2025 Future AI Helps Catch Thousands of Cases of Domestic Violence That Hospital Paperwork Classed as “Accidents” December 23, 2025 Future The World’s Strangest Computer Is Alive and It Blurs the Line Between Brains and Machines December 22, 2025 News Zimbabwe Has a Big Lightning Problem and It Involves Black Magic December 22, 2025 Animals City Life Is Rewriting Animal DNA. Here Are 6 Striking Examples December 22, 2025 News Scientists Capture the X-ray Fingerprint of a Single Atom for the First Time  — And This Could Change Everything December 17, 2025 Mind and Brain Scientists Found Brain Cells That Only Respond to Music and Predict What Note Comes Next December 17, 2025 Health The Hidden Link Between Pain And Itch That Proves It Is Not Just In Your Head December 14, 2025 Culture I Met the Wonderfully Diverse Community Keeping the Bigfoot Legend Alive and It Surprised Me At Every Turn December 9, 2025 Culture & Society How One of the Most Famous Definitions of Love Came from an Ancient Woman Who May Not Even Be Real December 8, 2025 News The More We Study Forests, the More It Seems Like Plants Might Be Cooperating and “Talking” to Each Other December 8, 2025 Pieces The UK says its sea are protected. We Built an App to Track Fishing in ‘Protected’ Seas December 5, 2025 News The 18th-Century Jesuit Priest Who Sketched Quantum Theory Two Centuries Early December 4, 2025 Videos 11 Videos Rethinking the Origin of Life: How It All Began 15:29 How a Necrophilic Duck Led to One of the Strangest Papers Ever Published 12:40 You probably don't understand what AI can do (with Christopher Summerfield and Steve Fleming) 26:20 The Math Behind Mexico's Cartels 13:04 The quest for super intelligence with AI scientist Richard Socher 9:23 These special neurons are why you love music 11:54 Scientists Finally X-Rayed A Single Atom. This Changes Everything 14:06 Brian Klaas on Chaos Theory: The Hidden Patterns Governing Our World 15:33 Eat this for better gut health: Dr. Federica Amati's top food tips 6:28 Why fossil fuel ads should be banned like tobacco: Badvertising with Leo Murray and Andrew Simms 16:56 Title Embark on a Journey of Scientific Discovery! Dive into our captivating collection of featured articles that cover physics, biology, space, human culture, and beyond, with thought-provoking journalism that will ignite your curiosity and expand your knowledge. Start Exploring! Natural Sciences Mammals The Real Reason Zebras Were Never Domesticated Like Horses by Tibi Puiu November 25, 2025 - Updated on December 15, 2025 Humans spent centuries trying to tame zebras—but nature made sure they’d always stay wild. Read more Details A Bizarre ‘Cocktail’ of Microbes Makes This Australian Lake Bright Pink This amazing ‘Rose of Jericho’ plant turns to glass to cheat death. Now, doctors are copying it Orca vs. Great White Shark: Who Wins the Top Predator Crown? The Vampire Deer Are Real — And They’re Horrifyingly Cute Health Mind and Brain Scientists Found Brain Cells That Only Respond to Music and Predict What Note Comes Next by Tibi Puiu December 17, 2025 Scientists have discovered unique neurons in the brain that respond only to music. Read more Details Why Humans Lost the Ability to Wiggle Each Toe Separately and What We Gained Instead Meet the People Who Literally Feel no Fear Scientists Reveal Why Redheads Feel Pain Differently Than Everyone Else It’s Soup Season: Here are 7 Science-Backed Reasons Why Soup Is One of the Healthiest Foods You Can Eat History and Humanities Health When Lung Cancer Fears Emerged in the 1950s, Kent Put a Filter on their Cigarettes. It Was Made From Asbestos by Mihai Andrei December 23, 2025 Kent widely touted its "famous micronite filter". Read more Details The 18th-Century Jesuit Priest Who Sketched Quantum Theory Two Centuries Early 1500-Year-Old Roman Ring with a Tiny Hare Was Discovered at Hadrian’s Wall in Britain and It’s Absolutely Stunning Paranthropus: The Forgotten Cousins of Humanity Who May Have Made the World’s First Tools Operation Beluga — or how a Soviet ice breaker played music to thousands of ice-trapped whales to save them from starving Space and Astronomy The Moon Scientists have finally confirmed what lies deep inside the Moon and it’s surprisingly Earth-like by Fermin Koop November 5, 2025 The moon is still an extremely interesting place to study. Read more Details NASA Found Signs That Dwarf Planet Ceres May Have Once Supported Life Pluto’s Moons and Everything You Didn’t Know You Want to Know About Them The Growing Menace of Space Junk: How a Minefield of Orbiting Debris Threatens Our Future in Space Remembering Félicette: The first cat in space Technology Computer Science & IT Celebrating Ada Lovelace: The World’s First Programmer Who Saw a World that Wasn’t There Yet by Tibi Puiu October 14, 2025 Ada Lovelace Day is celebrated on the second Tuesday of October. Read more Details What If Life Is Just Another Kind of Computer? The World’s First Laptop Weighed 24 Pounds and Had a Five Inch Screen, But It Changed Computers Forever Solar Trees Could Save Forests From Deforestation While Generating the Same Power as Solar Farms Your browser lets websites track you even without cookies Culture Culture & Society Christmas Spiders are one of the most enchanting Christmas stories you haven’t heard about by Alexandra Gerea December 16, 2025 Discover the world of Christmas spiders and their very special festive folklore. Read more Details I Met the Wonderfully Diverse Community Keeping the Bigfoot Legend Alive and It Surprised Me At Every Turn How One of the Most Famous Definitions of Love Came from an Ancient Woman Who May Not Even Be Real Meet the People Who Literally Feel no Fear From Mango Orchards to Emperor Mummies, These Islands In Ethiopia Have Very Different Stories Reviews Buying Guides 17 Gym Tools to Get More Out Of Your Exercise (and Recovery) November 21, 2025 Product Review Is Your Home Hiding a Lung Carcinogen? We Test the Aranet Radon Detector November 13, 2025 Buying Guides Form *and* Function: The Best Aesthetic Mechanical Keyboards for Every Style and Vibe November 6, 2025 News Mechlands Vibe 99: A superb keyboard with one questionable layout decision November 5, 2025 Book Reviews Reimagining Urban Life Is One of Our Best Bets Against Climate Change September 25, 2025 Book Reviews How the first pandemic in history shook the Roman Empire August 5, 2025 Product Review Investing in an indoor CO2 monitor is probably a smart move. We reviewed one of the best June 18, 2025 Book Reviews Bridging Science and Humanity: Yuri Milner’s Eureka Manifesto as a Blueprint for Our Cosmic Future April 22, 2025 - Updated on April 24, 2025 Book Reviews The sex lives of plants are much wilder than you think March 5, 2025 Product Review Recovering Lost Data: Stellar Data Recovery for Windows [Review] February 27, 2025 - Updated on February 28, 2025 Book Reviews Some Lakes Have Existed for Millions of Years. Can They Survive Us? February 17, 2025 Book Reviews The Rise and Fall of Civilizations: What the Bronze Age Collapse Teaches Us About Today August 14, 2024 ZME Science employs a meticulous, expert-driven product review process . Our dedicated team conducts thorough assessments, leaving no stone unturned, to provide unbiased, insightful reviews. Science News News Our Favorite Science Stories That Stuck With Us From 2025 by Tibi Puiu and 1 others December 25, 2025 The list below is a mix of the pieces we loved most and the ones you couldn’t stop reading. Read more Details GeoPicture At Night, This Lava Turns Blue and It’s Not a Magic Trick by Mihai Andrei December 24, 2025 It's one of the most unique geological phenomena. Read more Details Animals Some Plants Attract Pollinators By Heating Themselves and It’s Probably the Oldest Pollination Strategy by Tudor Tarita December 24, 2025 Long before flowers dazzled insects with colors, ancient plants used a different signal. Read more Details Archaeology A Massive Stone Wall Built 7,000 Years Ago Was Found Intact Beneath the Sea Off the Coast of France by Tudor Tarita December 24, 2025 An underwater find in Brittany reveals how ancient people faced a rising sea. Read more Details News Aspartame Is Marketed as a Safer Sugar Swap But New Research Shows Long Term Low Doses May Strain the Brain and Heart by Rupendra Brahambhatt December 24, 2025 A year-long experiment raises new doubts about the safety limits of one of the most popular artificial sweeteners. Read more Details Agriculture As the Chocolate Crisis Drives Prices Up and Recipes Down, a New Method Turns Carob Tree Pulp into an Ingredient That Tastes Like Cocoa by Rupendra Brahambhatt December 24, 2025 The world is running out of cocoa, but this doesn't mean the end of chocolate. Read more Details Animals These rare Italian bears have evolved to be surprisingly chill by Tudor Tarita December 24, 2025 How centuries of human pressure quietly reshaped a rare brown bear Read more Details Health An Anthropologist Spent 5 Years Infiltrating the Secret World of ‘Broscience’ and Steroid Use. Here’s What She Learned by Tibi Puiu December 24, 2025 An Australian researcher went undercover to learn more about how Broscience experiments with dangerous drugs — and found a surprising... Read more Details Anatomy News Scientists Just Developed a Urine Test That Reveals Your True Biological Age by Mihai Andrei December 24, 2025 How old are you really? The answer is in your pee. Read more Details History Medieval peasants probably enjoyed their holiday festivities more than you do by Bobbi Sutherland December 23, 2025 You wish your Christmas was as awesome as a Medieval peasant's. Read more Details Load More About Advertise Editorial Policy Privacy Policy and Terms of Use How we review products Contact © 2007-2025 ZME Science - Not exactly rocket science. All Rights Reserved. No Result View All Result Science News Environment Health Space Future Features Natural Sciences Physics Matter and Energy Quantum Mechanics Thermodynamics Chemistry Periodic Table Applied Chemistry Materials Physical Chemistry Biology Anatomy Biochemistry Ecology Genetics Microbiology Plants and Fungi Geology and Paleontology Planet Earth Earth Dynamics Rocks and Minerals Volcanoes Dinosaurs Fossils Animals Mammals Birds Fish Amphibians Reptiles Invertebrates Pets Conservation Animal facts Climate and Weather Climate change Weather and atmosphere Health Drugs Diseases and Conditions Human Body Mind and Brain Food and Nutrition Wellness History and Humanities Anthropology Archaeology History Economics People Sociology Space & Astronomy The Solar System Sun The Moon Planets Asteroids, meteors & comets Astronomy Astrophysics Cosmology Exoplanets & Alien Life Spaceflight and Exploration Technology Computer Science & IT Engineering Inventions Sustainability Renewable Energy Green Living Culture Resources Videos Reviews About Us About The Team Advertise Contribute Editorial policy Privacy Policy Contact © 2007-2025 ZME Science - Not exactly rocket science. All Rights Reserved.