ZNetwork - Independent Left News, Analysis, Vision and Strategy Close Menu Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram YouTube Discord RSS X (Twitter) YouTube RSS Discord Bluesky Donate Login LATEST Articles Videos Podcasts Featured Series Debates Interviews Reviews Z Originals TOPICS Activism Ecology Economy Feminism & Gender International Relations Corporate Media Politics & Government Race & Community Vision & Strategy Participatory Society Parpolity Parecon Life after Capitalism All Topics PLACES Africa Asia Brazil Chile China Europe Palestine & Israel Latin/South America Middle East Ukraine Venezuela All Places CONTRIBUTORS LEARN Online School Z Media Institute: Instructional Series Radical Theory Political Economy Economic Vision Global Economy Institutional Racism U.S Foreign Policy Logic & Stats The Chomsky Sessions: Video Series Digital Books & Series Reading Lists Debates Z Magazine Archive Commentary Archive Vintage Z VISION & STRATEGY STAFF PICKS ABOUT Z Z Staff Z Friends Editorial Philosophy Submissions Support Z Contact Latest Posts Israel Bans Dozens of Aid Groups from Operating in Gaza, Including Doctors Without Borders By Dave DeCamp December 31, 2025 Palestine & Israel 10 Good Things That Happened in 2025 By Medea Benjamin December 31, 2025 Activism This is Not a Ceasefire: The Israeli Genocide Continues By Vijay Prashad December 31, 2025 Human Rights Noam Chomsky: An Ordinary Person’s Reflection By Chris Green December 31, 2025 Culture Navigating Our Times By Michael Albert December 31, 2025 Activism Ireland is a Complicit Third State in Israel’s Genocide By Stephen McCloskey December 31, 2025 Law, Crime, & Justice Organize! Yes, but How? By Rasmus Hästbacka December 31, 2025 Labor A Political Strategy for Degrowth By Vlad Bunea December 31, 2025 Politics/Gov An Imprisoned Doctor, a Wounded Humanity: An Urgent Call for the Release of Dr. Hussam Abu Safiya By Claudia Aranda December 31, 2025 Human Rights The Venezuela Escalation Ignores a Long History of U.S. Hypocrisy on Drugs By Eric Ross December 30, 2025 Foreign Policy Jailed U.K. Palestine Action Activists Continue Hunger Strike Despite Health Risks By Francesca Nadin , Amy Goodman December 30, 2025 Palestine & Israel Is Israel’s Genocide Economy on the Brink? By Amos Brison , Shir Hever December 30, 2025 Palestine & Israel Scientists Say Public Engagement and Pressure Are Key to Reducing Nuclear Risks By Jon Letman December 30, 2025 Weapons & Disarmament Keeping Power Utilities in Corporate Hands Doesn’t Make Sense By Liza Featherstone December 30, 2025 Vision & Strategy Anti-ICE Resistance Sprang Up Across Red States in 2025 By Sonali Kolhatkar December 30, 2025 Immigration Historical Blockages of the Left and the Radical Rupture of Öcalan By Mahir Engizek December 29, 2025 Vision & Strategy The Health Care Crisis Is Gobbling Up the Economy By Helen Santoro , Joel Warner December 29, 2025 Health Escalation in West Papua By Douglas Gerrard December 29, 2025 Papua New Guinea Chicago’s Mayor Brandon Johnson Is Caught in a Trap By Preston H. Smith II December 29, 2025 Electoral Politics The Obscenities of Inequality: A Review of Trading Game, by Gary Stevenson By Caroline Hurley December 29, 2025 Economy The 60 Minutes Scandal Is What Creeping Authoritarianism Looks Like By Ben Burgis December 29, 2025 Media (Corporate) The Tyranny of Beer By Gunnar Rundgren December 29, 2025 Vision & Strategy Three Footballers Walk Into a Stadium By Maher Mezahi December 29, 2025 Sport The Architecture of Extermination: Why the Gaza Genocide is Premeditated and Repeatable By Ramzy Baroud December 28, 2025 Palestine & Israel Socialism Should Give Us Hope for Tomorrow By Ben Burgis December 28, 2025 Vision & Strategy The Architecture of Exclusion By Terrance Sullivan December 28, 2025 Economy Africa Deindustrializes Due To China’s Overproduction and Trump’s Tariffs By Patrick Bond December 28, 2025 Economy How much of Project 2025 has actually been accomplished this year? By Amanda Becker , Orion Rummler , Mariel Padilla December 28, 2025 Fascism We Don’t Need Any More Renewables By The Last Farm December 28, 2025 Climate Crisis Reform Without Power: Chile’s Parliamentary Left from Allende to Boric By Sushovan Dhar December 28, 2025 Chile Will The Iraqi Militias Truly Disarm? By Fahil Abdulbasit Abdulkareem December 28, 2025 Iraq The Case for Expelling Israel from Eurovision By Ramzy Baroud , Romana Rubeo December 27, 2025 Palestine & Israel Arundhati Roy on New Memoir “Mother Mary Comes to Me,” Gaza & Authoritarianism from India to U.S. By Arundhati Roy , Amy Goodman December 27, 2025 Interview Trillionaire Cometh, Democracy Goeth By Bob Lord December 27, 2025 Economy Was Colonialism a Crime? Algerian Parliament Criminalizes 130 Years of French Rule By Juan Cole December 27, 2025 Neocolonialism/Imperialism Unbridled Capitalism, Necropolitics, and the Crisis of Life Conditions By Nima Sabouri December 27, 2025 Climate Crisis How Effective Are Protests? Historians Say: Very. By Robin Buller December 27, 2025 Activism In 2025, Educators Didn’t Just Endure Repression. They Built Resistance. By Jesse Hagopian December 27, 2025 Education Federal Judge Halts Trump’s ‘Arbitrary and Capricious’ Immigration Court Arrests By Brett Wilkins December 27, 2025 Immigration One Excavator, 10,000 Bodies, a Sea of Rubble: Inside Gaza’s Effort to Retrieve and Bury Its Dead By Tareq S. Hajjaj December 26, 2025 Palestine & Israel Revolution Z Podcast - Bhaskar Sunkara on Socialism and Us A Moment of Hope in Gaza By Kathy Kelly December 30, 2025 Palestine & Israel On Thursday, December 25th, 2025, during Israel’s ongoing genocide against Palestinians, 168 students graduated from medical school, in Gaza. Wearing their… Featured Posts Why Working-Class Consciousness Is the Real Threat to Elite Power By Paul Jay , Barry Stevens December 30, 2025 Class Paul Jay and host Barry Stevens analyze rising progressive movements, from… The End of 2025 Must Be the End of the Inane Rule of Climate ‘Optimism’ By Rupert Read December 29, 2025 Climate Crisis We were supposed to have gone net zero by now: that… Manufacturing Global Crises Won’t Give U.S. Foreign Policy Legitimacy By Jared O. Bell December 29, 2025 Foreign Policy For anyone paying even modest attention to the current administration’s foreign… Why Is the United States Drawn to War? By Emanuel Pastreich December 29, 2025 War and Peace The United States is drawn to war on every front, like… Britain’s Leaders Are Hiding From AMOC Disaster By Adem Ay December 26, 2025 Climate Crisis The plan was to stand outside the Houses of Parliament on… Palestinian Factions Have Come Together to Thwart Israeli Plans in Gaza, for Now By Mitchell Plitnick December 26, 2025 Palestine & Israel The United States seems to be poised to reevaluate its tactics… Gaza Will Mark Christmas With Silent Bells, Frozen Nights, and Grief By Dalia Abu Ramadan December 25, 2025 Palestine & Israel Christmas is due to arrive without lights and without warmth, burdened… Reverend Billy and the Stop Shopping Choir at the Hollywood Bowl By Reverend Billy December 25, 2025 Culture Reverend Billy & The Stop Shopping Choir live at the Hollywood… ‘Humanity Is Ending by Design’: Hospitals in Gaza Pushed Past the Point of Failure By Joshua Scheer December 24, 2025 Palestine & Israel Drop Site News reports that Gaza’s health system is on the… If Jesus Were Born Today, Would He Survive the American Police State? By John W. Whitehead , Nisha Whitehead December 24, 2025 Law, Crime, & Justice “When the song of the angels is stilled, when the star… Chomsky Reassessed? By Michael Albert December 23, 2025 Culture One of the late acts of Noam Chomsky’s incredible life was… Who’s the Real Outlaw at Sea? Trump’s Tanker Grab Vs. the Houthis’ Anti-Genocide Blockade By Medea Benjamin , Nicolas J.S. Davies December 23, 2025 War and Peace The United States has now intercepted multiple Venezuelan oil tankers as… Mutual Aid in Motion: One Participant’s Story By Lannie Duong December 22, 2025 Activism I am a daughter of refugees, a Southeast Asian woman, and… The Resistance Moves Left By Eric Blanc , Waleed Shahid , Leah Greenberg , Daniel Denvir December 22, 2025 Vision & Strategy “Welcome to the Resistance.” During the first Trump administration, socialists loved… Post-Modern Colonialism: The Scandalous Barter of the SDF and Hamas By Mahir Engizek December 22, 2025 Neocolonialism/Imperialism On the blood-soaked map of the Middle East today, behind visible… The Classroom as a Battleground: Italy’s Students Rise Against Genocide By Michael Leonardi December 21, 2025 Palestine & Israel In Italy, the bell that signals the start of the school… In Conversation With Ilan Pappé And Mariam Barghouti By Ilan Pappé , Mariam Barghouti December 20, 2025 Palestine & Israel Israeli historian Ilan Pappé (1954), author of The Ethnic Cleansing of… In Venezuela, We Have Not Been Invaded By Giuliano Salvatore December 19, 2025 Venezuela I am writing these words from Caracas, the capital of Venezuela,… The War on Terror, the War on Drugs, and Other Bedtime Stories for Grown Nations By Raïs Neza Boneza December 19, 2025 Neocolonialism/Imperialism If everything you thought you knew about the War on Terror were nothing… 2025 in Review: Stark Battle Lines, Big Potential By Jenny Brown December 19, 2025 Labor Already before Donald Trump was inaugurated in January, there were dire… WELCOME TO Z SUPPORT OUR WORK SUBSCRIBE PODCASTS Z STORE Z Friends & Staff A Moment of Hope in Gaza By Kathy Kelly Anti-ICE Resistance Sprang Up Across Red States in 2025 By Sonali Kolhatkar The Architecture of Extermination: Why the Gaza Genocide is Premeditated and Repeatable By Ramzy Baroud Africa Deindustrializes Due To China’s Overproduction and Trump’s Tariffs By Patrick Bond The Case for Expelling Israel from Eurovision By Ramzy Baroud , Romana Rubeo Federal Judge Halts Trump’s ‘Arbitrary and Capricious’ Immigration Court Arrests By Brett Wilkins US Launches Christmas Strikes on Nigeria—the 9th Country Bombed by Trump By Brett Wilkins Chomsky Reassessed? By Michael Albert Americans Aren’t Traumatized Enough by Gun Violence By Sonali Kolhatkar Who’s the Real Outlaw at Sea? Trump’s Tanker Grab Vs. the Houthis’ Anti-Genocide Blockade By Medea Benjamin , Nicolas J.S. Davies More JOIN THE Z COMMUNITY FORUM Jeremy Brecher’s newest report , co-published by the Labor Network for Sustainability and Z, addresses the increased authoritarian threat under Donald Trump and the MAGA movement, characterized by executive overreach, suppression of dissent, and the use of state and vigilante violence. In response, Brecher asserts that the country must look beyond conventional means and consider social strikes — large-scale, nonviolent withdrawal of cooperation, which has brought down authoritarian regimes around the world. He defines social strikes as mass actions that make society ungovernable by disrupting not just workplaces, but all political and social structures that enable tyranny. By citing international and US examples, the report outlines how such strikes have been organized, what tactics they use, and how they might serve as a last line of defense if democratic institutions are further eroded. While success is never guaranteed, understanding these methods is essential to resisting a potential MAGA dictatorship. Ecocide and genocide are two faces of empire. Join Caracol DSA for an online panel and discussion. Watch the recording. A podcast that asks what do we want & how do we get it. Latest: Bhaskar Sunkara on Socialism and Us All Episodes Check out Z’s original series : Activist Diaries , Defending Against MAGA Tyranny , Answering Ireland’s Call , Next American Revolution , & Don’t Think of a Republican . 31 authors & 6 orgs invite you to consider 20 Theses for Liberation , a living document to engage with in a collective process. Join & share R eal Utopia: Foundation for a Participatory Society exists to establish an international network of activist-organizers who are inspired by Participatory theory, vision, and strategy. Revolution Z Podcast - Bhaskar Sunkara on Socialism and Us A Moment of Hope in Gaza By Kathy Kelly December 30, 2025 Palestine & Israel On Thursday, December 25th, 2025, during Israel’s ongoing genocide against Palestinians, 168 students graduated from medical school, in Gaza. Wearing their… Featured Posts Why Working-Class Consciousness Is the Real Threat to Elite Power By Paul Jay , Barry Stevens December 30, 2025 Class Paul Jay and host Barry Stevens analyze rising progressive movements, from… The End of 2025 Must Be the End of the Inane Rule of Climate ‘Optimism’ By Rupert Read December 29, 2025 Climate Crisis We were supposed to have gone net zero by now: that… Manufacturing Global Crises Won’t Give U.S. Foreign Policy Legitimacy By Jared O. Bell December 29, 2025 Foreign Policy For anyone paying even modest attention to the current administration’s foreign… Why Is the United States Drawn to War? By Emanuel Pastreich December 29, 2025 War and Peace The United States is drawn to war on every front, like… Britain’s Leaders Are Hiding From AMOC Disaster By Adem Ay December 26, 2025 Climate Crisis The plan was to stand outside the Houses of Parliament on… Palestinian Factions Have Come Together to Thwart Israeli Plans in Gaza, for Now By Mitchell Plitnick December 26, 2025 Palestine & Israel The United States seems to be poised to reevaluate its tactics… WELCOME TO Z SUPPORT OUR WORK SUBSCRIBE PODCASTS Z STORE Latest Posts Israel Bans Dozens of Aid Groups from Operating in Gaza, Including Doctors Without Borders By Dave DeCamp December 31, 2025 Palestine & Israel 10 Good Things That Happened in 2025 By Medea Benjamin December 31, 2025 Activism This is Not a Ceasefire: The Israeli Genocide Continues By Vijay Prashad December 31, 2025 Human Rights Noam Chomsky: An Ordinary Person’s Reflection By Chris Green December 31, 2025 Culture Navigating Our Times By Michael Albert December 31, 2025 Activism Ireland is a Complicit Third State in Israel’s Genocide By Stephen McCloskey December 31, 2025 Law, Crime, & Justice Organize! Yes, but How? By Rasmus Hästbacka December 31, 2025 Labor A Political Strategy for Degrowth By Vlad Bunea December 31, 2025 Politics/Gov An Imprisoned Doctor, a Wounded Humanity: An Urgent Call for the Release of Dr. Hussam Abu Safiya By Claudia Aranda December 31, 2025 Human Rights Is Israel’s Genocide Economy on the Brink? By Amos Brison , Shir Hever December 30, 2025 Palestine & Israel The Venezuela Escalation Ignores a Long History of U.S. Hypocrisy on Drugs By Eric Ross December 30, 2025 Foreign Policy Jailed U.K. Palestine Action Activists Continue Hunger Strike Despite Health Risks By Francesca Nadin , Amy Goodman December 30, 2025 Palestine & Israel Anti-ICE Resistance Sprang Up Across Red States in 2025 By Sonali Kolhatkar December 30, 2025 Immigration Scientists Say Public Engagement and Pressure Are Key to Reducing Nuclear Risks By Jon Letman December 30, 2025 Weapons & Disarmament Keeping Power Utilities in Corporate Hands Doesn’t Make Sense By Liza Featherstone December 30, 2025 Vision & Strategy Historical Blockages of the Left and the Radical Rupture of Öcalan By Mahir Engizek December 29, 2025 Vision & Strategy The Health Care Crisis Is Gobbling Up the Economy By Helen Santoro , Joel Warner December 29, 2025 Health Escalation in West Papua By Douglas Gerrard December 29, 2025 Papua New Guinea Z Friends & Staff A Moment of Hope in Gaza By Kathy Kelly Anti-ICE Resistance Sprang Up Across Red States in 2025 By Sonali Kolhatkar The Architecture of Extermination: Why the Gaza Genocide is Premeditated and Repeatable By Ramzy Baroud Africa Deindustrializes Due To China’s Overproduction and Trump’s Tariffs By Patrick Bond The Case for Expelling Israel from Eurovision By Ramzy Baroud , Romana Rubeo Federal Judge Halts Trump’s ‘Arbitrary and Capricious’ Immigration Court Arrests By Brett Wilkins US Launches Christmas Strikes on Nigeria—the 9th Country Bombed by Trump By Brett Wilkins More JOIN THE Z COMMUNITY FORUM Jeremy Brecher’s newest report , co-published by the Labor Network for Sustainability and Z, addresses the increased authoritarian threat under Donald Trump and the MAGA movement, characterized by executive overreach, suppression of dissent, and the use of state and vigilante violence. In response, Brecher asserts that the country must look beyond conventional means and consider social strikes — large-scale, nonviolent withdrawal of cooperation, which has brought down authoritarian regimes around the world. He defines social strikes as mass actions that make society ungovernable by disrupting not just workplaces, but all political and social structures that enable tyranny. By citing international and US examples, the report outlines how such strikes have been organized, what tactics they use, and how they might serve as a last line of defense if democratic institutions are further eroded. While success is never guaranteed, understanding these methods is essential to resisting a potential MAGA dictatorship. Ecocide and genocide are two faces of empire. Join Caracol DSA for an online panel and discussion. Watch the recording. A podcast that asks what do we want & how do we get it. Latest: Bhaskar Sunkara on Socialism and Us All Episodes Check out Z’s original series : Activist Diaries , Defending Against MAGA Tyranny , Answering Ireland’s Call , Next American Revolution , & Don’t Think of a Republican . 31 authors & 6 orgs invite you to consider 20 Theses for Liberation , a living document to engage with in a collective process. Join & share R eal Utopia: Foundation for a Participatory Society exists to establish an international network of activist-organizers who are inspired by Participatory theory, vision, and strategy. Latest Videos Jailed U.K. Palestine Action Activists Continue Hunger Strike Despite Health Risks By Francesca Nadin , Amy Goodman December 30, 2025 Palestine & Israel Why Working-Class Consciousness Is the Real Threat to Elite Power By Paul Jay , Barry Stevens December 30, 2025 Class Arundhati Roy on New Memoir “Mother Mary Comes to Me,” Gaza & Authoritarianism from India to U.S. By Arundhati Roy , Amy Goodman December 27, 2025 Interview Reverend Billy and the Stop Shopping Choir at the Hollywood Bowl By Reverend Billy December 25, 2025 Culture Focus: Labor Organize! Yes, but How? By Rasmus Hästbacka December 31, 2025 Labor Translated article from the Swedish publication Magasinet Konkret. Organizing is – or should be – the core business of every labor union. That’s how ordinary workers become… Chicago’s Mayor Brandon Johnson Is Caught in a Trap By Preston H. Smith II December 29, 2025 Electoral Politics When labor activist Brandon Johnson upset Paul Vallas in Chicago’s 2023 runoff mayoral election, the Left had good cause for optimism. One of their own, a former… Whatever Happened to Trump’s ‘Golden Age’ for American Workers? By Lawrence S. Wittner December 26, 2025 Neoliberalism Although Donald Trump’s Department of Labor announced in April 2025 that “Trump’s Golden Age puts American workers first,” that contention is contradicted by the facts. Indeed, Trump has taken… Why Gutting This Agency Amounts to Playing With Fire By David McCall December 24, 2025 Health Paul Wines helped to kick in the door of the warehouse and heard a sound like a freight train crashing through town. A blaze fueled by leather… How Unions Provide a Counterweight to the Epstein Class By David McCall December 23, 2025 Labor Gary Cunningham remembers sitting at the dining room table as a boy, listening to his father relate stories about his work as a union grievance chairman. One… Global Complicity: Who Kills in the Congo? By Laura Wittebroek December 23, 2025 Democratic Republic of Congo In recent years, more people around the world have begun to encounter images of Congo’s suffering on their phones: a child emerging from a cobalt mine, a… Portugal’s General Strike By Irina Castro , Catarina Príncipe December 23, 2025 Portugal December 11 saw a massive general strike in Portugal. This was not just a workplace dispute but a political strike, directed against the government’s planned labor reform.… Load More VINTAGE Z From Here to ParEcon By Brian Dominick January 4, 2001 0 Parecon Sacco and Vanzetti By Howard Zinn March 11, 2009 0 Anarchism I Am Indigenist By Ward Churchill February 27, 2009 0 Indigenous Dangerous Rainbow By Eduardo Galeano January 28, 2009 0 Africa Paradoxes By Eduardo Galeano December 8, 2008 0 Vintage Z What Makes Mainstream Media Mainstream By Noam Chomsky October 1, 1997 Asia All The News Fit To Print, Part II By Edward Herman January 14, 2009 International Relations Expanding the Floor of the Cage By Noam Chomsky December 15, 2008 Anarchism Conspiracy Theory By Michael Albert August 1, 1995 Electoral Politics THE LEGACY OF PHIL OCHS By Sandy Carter November 1, 1997 Activism Woman’s Consciousness, Man’s World By Sheila Rowbotham March 9, 2009 Activism Straightening Our Hair By Bell Hooks April 1, 2007 Vintage Z What Makes Alternative Media Alternative? By Michael Albert October 1, 1997 Vintage Z Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram YouTube Reddit Discord RSS Topic Activism Ecology Economy Feminism/Gender International Relations Media Life After Capitalism Parecon Parsoc Parpolity Politics/Gov. Race/Community Vision/Strategy Place Africa Asia Europe Latin America Middle East Venezuela Type Article Video Podcasts Debate Interview Review Commentary Z Magazine Z Original About Mission Statement Z Staff Z Friends Editorial Philosophy Submissions Support Our Work Contact Subscribe All the latest from Z, directly to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE Institute for Social and Cultural Communications, Inc. is a 501(c)3 non-profit. Our EIN# is #22-2959506. Your donation is tax-deductible to the extent allowable by law. We do not accept funding from advertising or corporate sponsors.  We rely on donors like you to do our work. SUPPORT OUR WORK ZNetwork: Left News, Analysis, Vision & Strategy Privacy Policy Terms Submit Type above and press Enter to search. Press Esc to cancel. Welcome to ZNetwork … the spirit of resistance lives! Z in 2024: a new website, new features, ambitious new plans, and even some new blood… Join us in this new chapter, and in celebrating 45 years of community dedicated to advancing vision & strategy, resisting injustice, fostering liberty, and winning a better world for all! New Z Launch Announcement: A Letter from Michael Albert Hello & Welcome: A Letter from the Z Staff Testimonials from Z Friends About ZNetwork Renovating this massive site took considerable time, a ton of effort, and even a little luck. But all is well and we are still innovating new components. We encourage your participation in helping continue to improve – please share your feedback and suggestions via email: [email protected] , or in our new community forum . Without further ado – check it out! In solidarity, The Z Staff: Alexandria, Arash, Bridget, Cooper, Fintan, Greg, & Matic No Paywalls. No Billionaires. Just People Power. Z Needs Your Help! ZNetwork reached millions, published 800 originals, and amplified movements worldwide in 2024 – all without ads, paywalls, or corporate funding. Read our annual report here. Now, we need your support to keep radical, independent media growing in 2025 and beyond. Every donation helps us build vision and strategy for liberation. CONTRIBUTE Subscribe Join the Z Community – receive event invites, announcements, a Weekly Digest, and opportunities to engage. SUBSCRIBE Sign In or Register Welcome Back! Login below or Register Now . Log In Remember Me Lost password? Register Now! Already registered? Login . Register A password will be e-mailed to you.