Zoho | Cloud Software Suite for Businesses Your life's work, powered by our life's work A unique and powerful software suite to transform the way you work. Designed for businesses of all sizes, built by a company that values your privacy. Get Started For Free Access your apps Featured apps CRM Comprehensive CRM platform for customer-facing teams. Mail Secure email service for your business. Books Powerful accounting platform for growing businesses. People Organize, automate, and simplify your HR processes. Desk Helpdesk software to deliver great customer support. Explore all products To build anything that truly lasts, it takes time READ THE STORY WATCH VIDEO All-in-one suite Zoho One The operating system for business Run your entire business on Zoho with our unified cloud software, designed to help you break down silos between departments and increase organizational efficiency. Try zoho one "You can be a startup, mid-sized company, or an enterprise—Zoho One is a boon for all." Prakarsh Gagdani CEO, 5paisa.com (an IIFL subsidiary) "Zoho continues to modify, adapt, grow, and add things to the platform that our business sees value in." Paul Grimes Chief Operating Officer, Lubrication Engineers "I highly recommend Zoho One for all your business management, sales, marketing, and invoicing requirements." Diksha Vohra Founder & CEO, Digital by DV, Dubai, UAE. "Zoho serves as an ‘enterprise bucket to assess new software’ - if we need something new, we’ll always look to see if Zoho One has something available." Andy Trimmer Head of Technology, Simply "The amazing thing is that it saved about 30% compared to our previous investments in a CRM. Zoho One is a lot cheaper than our old CRM, plus we get all of the other marketing and workforce productivity services." Dr. Joseph Sweeney, IBRS "Zoho One gives you autonomous control; you can customise it for your business." Gbolahan Oladipo, Lead, Internal Sales Engineer, Greenpeg Brands that trust us Customer Stories Multiply the impact of your workforce with Zia, Zoho’s powerful AI assistant Built into the fabric of Zoho’s app ecosystem, Zia makes recommendations, generates insights, and takes action based on the full context of your business operations. EXPLORE ZIA "Zoho had a tremendous impact on all of our processes. It helped us unite all the data into one platform." Eisa Bin Ahmad Alserkal, General Manager, Blue LLC, UAE. Watch video "We can't imagine not using Zoho. We track our sales and investments, our clients' potential and actual investors." Birgit Rainbird, Co-founder and Office Manager, Funding Strategies Read the story "With our complete business under control, our productivity is up by 80% in the last year that we have been using Zoho." Thomas John Managing Director, Agappe Diagnostics Read the story "Zoho's operating system is very robust and contains the collective memory of Selectra's entire business." Aurian De Maupeou Co-Founder, Selectra Watch video "Using Zoho to automate our processes has improved our efficiency tenfold, if not more. Now, we can scale in a way that's not reliant on someone manually typing data into a system." Jennifer Pope, Senior Business Analyst, Plenti Watch video "Business growth was easy to track because we have Zoho, which helps us sync the data." Peter Ejiofor CEO, Ethnos Zoho for Enterprise Experience the breadth and depth of the Zoho ecosystem, with the professional services, infrastructure, support, and security that a large business needs. Streamline complex business processes, build strong relationships with your customers, and drive growth at scale. Get in touch Learn more Learn more Made in India. Made for the World. Business Software. Our Craft. Our Passion. 0 M+ Users Globally 0 + Countries Served 0 K+ Employees Worldwide 0 + Years in Business 0 + Products More about zoho Your privacy is our responsibility We believe that trust is paramount in a relationship. We do not own or sell your data, and we most certainly do not bank on advertising-based business models. The only way we make money is from the software license fees you pay us. Watch Video The core values and principles that drive us Long-term commitment 29+ years of running a profitable organization gives us a good sense of challenges that a growing business faces. We take pride in running a sustainable business that’s powered by you, our customer. Focus on research and development Software is our craft and we back it up with our relentless investments in R&D. So much so that we prefer to own the entire technology stack, including running our data centers globally. Customer-first philosophy In all these years, it's our customers' trust and goodwill that has helped us establish a strong position in the market. No matter the size of your business, we're here to help you grow. Read our story Transnational Localism "Zoho follows a long-term approach, and therefore, our growth will be rooted in closely working with and serving the local communities while staying connected through shared knowledge and culture. A strong local presence will help us in effectively addressing the needs of local businesses and add a personal touch to our services." Read More Hyther Nizam President, Zoho Middle East & Africa Ready to do your best work? Let's get you started. Sign Up Now Access your apps