Zoho.com
Products
Customers
Partners
Resources
English
Sign InSign Up
Your life's work,
powered by our life's work

A unique and powerful software suite to transform the way you work. Designed for businesses of all sizes, built by a company that values your privacy.

GET STARTED FOR FREE
FEATURED APPS
  
CRM
Comprehensive CRM platform for customer-facing teams.
  
Mail
Secure email service for teams of all sizes.
  
Books
Powerful accounting platform for growing businesses.
  
Desk
Helpdesk software to deliver great customer support.
  
Creator
AI-powered platform to build custom business apps.
EXPLORE ALL PRODUCTS
To build anything that truly lasts,
it takes time
READ THE STORY
 
WATCH VIDEO
All-in-one suite
Zoho One
The operating system for business

Run your entire business on Zoho with our unified cloud software, designed to help you break down silos between departments and increase organizational efficiency.

TRY ZOHO ONE
 

"Zoho continues to modify, adapt, grow, and add things to the platform that our business sees value in."

Paul Grimes

Chief Operating Officer,
Lubrication Engineers

BRANDS THAT TRUST US
CUSTOMER STORIES
Multiply the impact of your workforce with Zia,
Zoho’s powerful AI assistant

Built into the fabric of Zoho’s app ecosystem, Zia makes recommendations, generates insights, and takes action based on the full context of your business operations.

EXPLORE ZIA
 

"Zoho's operating system is very robust and contains the collective memory of Selectra's entire business."

Aurian De Maupeou
Co-Founder, Selectra
Watch video
Zoho for Enterprise

Experience the breadth and depth of the Zoho ecosystem, with the professional services, infrastructure, support, and security that a large business needs. Streamline complex business processes, build strong relationships with your customers, and drive growth at scale.

GET IN TOUCH
Business Software.
Our Craft. Our Passion.
0M+

Users Globally

0+

Countries Served

0K+

Employees Worldwide

0+

Years in Business

0+

Products

MORE ABOUT ZOHO
Your privacy is our responsibility

We believe that trust is paramount in a relationship. We do not own or sell your data, and we most certainly do not bank on advertising-based business models. The only way we make money is from the software license fees you pay us.

WATCH VIDEO
The core values and principles that drive us
Long-term commitment

29+ years of running a profitable organization gives us a good sense of challenges that a growing business faces. We take pride in running a sustainable business that’s powered by you, our customer.

Focus on research and development

Software is our craft and we back it up with our relentless investments in R&D. So much so that we prefer to own the entire technology stack, including running our data centers globally.

Customer-first philosophy

In all these years, it's our customers' trust and goodwill that has helped us establish a strong position in the market. No matter the size of your business, we're here to help you grow.

READ OUR STORY
Ready to do your best work?
Let's get you started.
SIGN UP NOW
Apps and Extensions
Mobile Apps
Desktop Apps
Developer Center
Google Workspace Integration
Microsoft 365 Integration
Apps for Apple Watch
Product Integrations
Browser Extensions
Compare Alternatives
Learn
Training and Certification
Academy
Blog
Knowledge Base
Zia
The Long Game
Newsletter
Community
User Community
Customer Stories
Work With a Partner
Affiliate Program
Humans of Zoho
Company
About Us
Our Story
Press
Events
Branding Assets
Zoho Schools
Service Status
Careers
Contact UsSecurity ComplianceIPR ComplaintsAnti-spam PolicyTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyTrademark PolicyCookie PolicyGDPR ComplianceAbuse Policy

© 2025, Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.