Cloud Web Hosting Provider with a Wide Range of Services | Zomro € eur en SIGN IN / UP Control Panel Logout Cloud Servers Shared CPU Premium VPS Basic VPS Cheap VPS Forex Сloud VPS new Dedicated CPU Cloud Storage VPS Dedicated Servers Website Builder Other Products GPU servers Hosting Website Domains Marketplace SIGN IN / UP Logout Cloud Hosting Speed & Space at one place New Cloud Product! Cheap VPS Maximum capabilities for a minimum price. Pay from €2.8/month. Get started 4.8/5 4.4/5 395k+ satisfied clients Over €10k /mon in referral payouts Since 2014 Free Support 24/7 4.8/5 4.4/5 popular packages Cloud Premium VPS Reliable, high performing VPS for demanding projects where every millisecond counts. from €6.48 /mon Select plan Cloud Basic VPS It's an excellent balance between price and resources. The solution for those who want to save money. from €4.80 /mon Select plan Forex Сloud VPS VPS for Forex trading ensures fast connectivity and seamless operation of trading software, allowing transactions without disruptions or delays. from €3.98 /mon Select plan Dedicated Servers Choose a powerful dedicated server for rent and gain resources for any task — from large-scale projects to high-load applications. from €49.00 /mon Select plan GPU dedicated servers Renting a server with GPU is an effective solution for tasks requiring intensive computing power. from €92.00 /mon Select plan Cloud Storage VPS Store and process large volumes of data with (Cloud) Storage VPS – the optimal choice for handling extensive data and ensuring maximum security. from €13.80 /mon Select plan Website Builder Build websites for free — an easy-to-use online creator for landing pages, personal blog and website for business owners. from €3.98 /mon Select plan Hosting Website Website hosting is the optimal solution for a quick start with minimal investment. from €3.98 /mon Select plan Zomro Hosting Zomro is a reliable hosting provider with years of experience, helping every user launch a website or other online project in just a few clicks. Reviews REVIEWS ABOUT ZOMRO 4.8 Read more “In my experience, the technical support of this hosting is one of those that is ready to help with all tasks. From transferring a site between servers to solving problems in the operation of sites. And it's free technical support. This surprised me a lot. In my experience, other hosts do not have this. In short, I can recommend this service.” Alex Smit Netherlands 1 / 3 “My impressions of the hosting: the support works like clockwork, reasonable prices, the server is fast, the control panel is convenient, everything works steadily. I haven't noticed any drawbacks, only a good impression. I can call them a worthy hosting company.” Bogdan Bliznuyk Ukraine 1 / 3 “Everything works as it should - no glitches, normal speed, decent functionality, no issues. They operate transparently, always open to communication - any question can be resolved. I've been using it for quite a while and don't plan to leave.” Berty Maer Latvia 1 / 3 FAQs Got Questions? We've Got Answers! What types of memory and processors do your servers use, and at what frequencies? On virtual hosting processor 2 x Intel Xeon E5-2630v3 RAM 256 GB DDR4 ECC. Virtual private servers use Intel Xeon processors of different models from the latest v3-v5 lines with a core frequency of 2400 MHz. RAM is mostly used - DDR-3. HP Proliant G9 dedicated servers have DDR-4 and processors: Intel Xeon Silver 4116, 2xIntel E5-2430v2, Intel E5-2650v2, 2xAMD EPYC 7402, 2xAMD EPYC 7702, 2xIntel E5-2630v4, Intel Xeon Gold 6134, 2xIntel Xeon Gold 6134. For cloud VPS - HP Generation G10 servers with powerful Intel Xeon Gold 6148 processors. Core clock frequency 2.4-3.70 GHz, 20 cores, 40 threads. When will the service or server be issued? The service will be issued within a few seconds to 30 minutes. When you rent a dedicated server, it will be issued within a few hours to 5 business days, depending on equipment availability. Depending on the OS, the cloud VPS activation process usually takes a few minutes. Activation time can vary depending on your chosen operating system and any customizations you request. Linux deploys in 1 minute. Windows deploys in 2 minutes. Installing the OS from your image may take longer. What payment methods do you accept? At the moment, the following payment methods are available: -Stripe: Payment by bank cards, including VISA, MasterCard, and American Express. -PayPal -Coinify: We accept BTS cryptocurrency and alternative cryptocurrencies. -Methods of payment with us may vary from country to country. If you haven’t found a convenient way to pay, write to us in chat, and we will advise you further. How can I determine the best hosting plan? To choose a suitable hosting tariff, virtual server rental, or dedicated server, you need to analyze the needs of your project and future plans. Determine yourself or check with developers what resources (CPU, RAM, disk space, bandwidth) are required. Take into account current needs and possible future growth. If you are in doubt, we can advise you in our online chat or in a ticket. What control panels do you use? CPanel is preinstalled on virtual hosting. You can install any desired OS or server control panel on virtual servers. We support the following panels: VestaCP, ISPManager, and CPanel. How do I receive a refund for a service if I no longer need it? If you no longer require the service, please contact our customer service department, and we will return the balance of unused funds to your account. How quickly can I receive a response from your technical support team? Our technical support team works 24/7, 365 days a year. Response times to a request range from 5 to 30 minutes. How can I upgrade my Shared Hosting and/or virtual server services? If you have purchased a shared hosting service but are in the process of development or improvements and see that you need more than the resources, you just need to choose a higher tariff in your personal cabinet. Don’t worry; the tariff will expand while preserving all data and recalculating the paid period. If you need another tariff for a VPS server or dedicated server, you can migrate to a more productive server or add RAM/memory by contacting our tech support. What are your NS servers? Our NSs: ns1.zomro.net ns2.zomro.ru ns3.zomro.com ns4.zomro.su Do you offer unlimited traffic, and what is the channel's bandwidth? Traffic on shared hosting and virtual servers is unlimited. Channel bandwidth on virtual servers from 250 to 500 Mbit/s. With the exception of dedicated servers, where the bandwidth channel is from 100Mbps to 10Gbps. The price of each cloud server includes a paid amount of Internet traffic. There are no traffic restrictions, and additional funds will be charged only for traffic overruns. Channel bandwidth on cloud servers is 1000Mbps. Do you have free SSL? Yes. You can install the free SSL, Let's Encrypt. If you have any difficulties, you can always contact our technical support. How reliable is your network and equipment? Our network is of premium quality because we use only the most modern network equipment. It protects against DDoS attacks. In addition, there is a vast network capacity with all major TIER-I transit providers. Our servers are located in TIER-III level data centers. Show more Pick up gift Collect later SERVICES Website Builder Premium VPS VPS in Poland Basic VPS Cheap VPS Storage VPS Forex Сloud VPS Dedicated Servers GPU servers Shared Hosting Domains FTP Storage Comparison VDS Wordpress Ispmanager CPanel DDoS protection About us Public Offer Agreement About us Data Center Privacy Policy Cookies Policy RESOURCES Marketplace Zomro Promotions Resale Services Affiliate Program B2B partners Startup support Speed Test FAQ News Useful articles Contacts Sitemap ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Podaon SIA (Id: 40103450338) & OMRO LLC (Id: 9701251087 / 1237700398374) COPYRIGHT © 2014 — We use cookies and similar technologies necessary for the site to function. Optional cookies from third parties are used to improve our service and to provide you with personalized content and advertising if you agree. You can freely opt out here or customize your choice of optional cookies by clicking "Additional settings". Please see our privacy policy and cookies policy for more information on what data is collected and how it is shared with our partners. Cookies Policy Additional settings Accept Additional settings Marketing These cookies may be placed on the site by our advertising partners. These companies may use them to build a profile of your interests and show relevant ads on other sites. They do not store personal information directly, but are based on the unique identification of your browser and device online. If you do not allow these cookies, you will see fewer targeted ads. Functional These cookies allow the site to provide advanced features and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not authorize the use of these cookies, some of our services may not work properly. Necessary These cookies allow us to count the number of visits and traffic sources to measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most or least popular and to see how many people are visiting the site. All information collected by these cookies is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not authorize the use of these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to track its performance. Cookies Policy Fewer settings Save