Domains and hosting in Europe - Zone.eu Zone customer support – holiday schedule Learn more Skip to content Domains Domain registration Domain Registration Choose the most suitable domain and register Domain Transfer Change your current service provider to us Domain pricing Top Level Domains Choose from our broad selection of domains Domain registration prices Our complete domain portfolio and price list Campaign .ONLINE for just 4€ Web Hosting Cloud Cloud services CloudServer VPS Robust virtual servers for professionals Managed CloudServer Problem-free servers for demanding users Website & extras Website creation Zone+ AI Assistant Easy website creation with Zone+ AI Assistant WordPress Hosting Learn about our WordPress-focused hosting plans Extra services Website security monitor Overview of website threats and vulnerabilities Partners Our partners Certified specialists at your service Zone recommends: Meet our trusted expert partners For new partners Join our partner program Check out and join the Zone partner program For developers Take a deep dive into our expert features Why Zone? Learn more about Zone Green Hosting Find out how Zone ensures you meet green requirements Help Recources Read Zone Help Check out the help articles in Zone Zone Status Check Zone Status Get in contact info@zone.eu For more complex topics, write us a letter and get a meaningful answer Terms of service Contracts, terms & conditions Legal documents governing the use of the services Information Security Principles About the processing and protection of your data Blog Login Webmail Support Support Website Support E-Mail Great domains go fast Register before someone else does! Start here Register now Transfer your domain .eu 4.50€/year .com 12.46€/year .net 16.76€/year .org 13.92€/year .de 7.80€/year .fr 12.72€/year Notice of Price Changes Effective January 1st, 2026. Read more State-of-the-art Web Hosting in Europe Annual billing Monthly billing Save money with annual billing plan Starter Business PRO Starter 4,98 €/ Mo First year -50% Normally 9,95 €/Mo 11,95 €/ Mo Switch to annual and save big! Get started! Save 24 € with annual plan Capable and developer-friendly ZoneOS platform WordPress optimised Zone+ WP Assistant 256 GB of fast SSD storage Unlimited number of mailboxes (8 GB of storage each) 16 MariaDB database Support for modern Node.js web application (512 MB of RAM) 2 Cron-jobs No Redis cache Turbo button Free security monitor for 1 year Nightly Zone+ snapshots 30 days backup storage An excellent option for those who want to host a modest website. It works like a charm with the most popular content management systems and offers personalised e-mails. Recommended! Business 8,45 €/ Mo First year -50% Normally 16.90 €/Mo 18,90 €/ Mo Switch to annual and save big! Get started! Save 24 € with annual plan Capable and developer-friendly ZoneOS platform WordPress optimised Zone+ WP Assistant 512 GB of fast SSD storage Unlimited number of mailboxes (12 GB of storage each) 32 MariaDB databases Support for modern Node.js web application (768 MB of RAM) 5 Cron-jobs Redis cache (256 MB of RAM) Turbo button Free security monitor for 1 year Nightly Zone+ snapshots 30 days backup storage You can welcome your customers to a modern and stylish website and communicate professionally via secured e-mail. PRO 15 €/ Mo First year -50% Normally 30 €/Mo 33 €/ Mo Switch to annual and save big! Get started! Save 36 € with annual plan Capable and developer-friendly ZoneOS platform WordPress optimised Zone+ WP Assistant 1024 GB of fast SSD storage Unlimited number of mailboxes (16 GB of storage each) 64 MariaDB databases Support for modern  Node.js web application (1024 MB of RAM) 10 Cron-jobs Redis cache (512 MB of RAM) Turbo button i Free security monitor for 1 year i Nightly Zone+ snapshots 30 days backup storage Enough power to run an e-commerce website. This hosting plan is used by many active online stores with up to 100 000 visitors per month. Prices do not include VAT, it will be added on checkout, based on your residence. 26 years of hosting experience Nearly 50 000 web servers and more than 150 000 domains All in one Our services provide you with domains, e-mail and website hosting. Everything you need to bring your business online is handed to you on a plate. Trustworthy and secure We make sure your website stays up and e-mails come through. Our servers are routinely kept up to date, to make sure your data remains safe and secure. Rapid performance A fast website is a must for customer convenience, but also for search engine ranking. Outperform your competition using our services. Our customer say Excellent 4.7 out of 5 stars based on Google reviews Trustpilot Reasons why customers like you favor and trust Zone World-class Data Centers Your data is hosted with Europe’s most reliable data center providers in cooperation with our partners like Equinix and Telia. Innovative platform We don’t let our platform go stale. Zone continuously develops and upgrades unique software for our domain registrar and hosting operations. Proud craftsmanship We are dedicated to our craft. The uptime of our systems regularly exceeds 99,99% per year, as measured by third parties. 30-day hosting money-back guarantee If you’re not happy with our service after your first month, we will refund you 100%. WordPress friendly Install WordPress with a few clicks of the mouse. Benefit from the built-in staging-to-live workflow. Attentive towards developers We provide a range of tools by default such as Git, WP-CLI, Composer etc for your use as well as a public API for our services. WordPress hosting Do it yourself with WordPress How can someone say that I’m a tech guy when I’m not? Because the world is changing! Many people are used to the fact that even the simplest website has to be built by an experienced IT expert, but with the guidance of the Zone+ WordPress Assistant , anyone can really do it. The future is here, and from now on everyone is officially an tech guy. Start building your website Want something special? .ONLINE domain registration for first year with special price. Grab yourself a deal! Zone Blog If you want to learn more about internet technologies and our team, we suggest you read our blog and subscribe to the feed. We are seasoned Internet veterans, excited and opinionated about developments in our field. PHP 8.5 now officially released 2025-12-08 Blocklist: why does the computer say no? 2025-10-29 Protect your brand online: why one domain may not be enough 2025-09-26 All articles News Zone customer support – holiday schedule 2025-12-18 During the holidays, Zone customer support operates on a modified schedule. During the holiday period, emails sent to info@zone.eu will be handled by our on-call support team. System monitoring and incident… All news Frequently asked questions Why do I need a domain? A domain name is the identity of your internet presence used for your e-mail and website. The domain name consists of two or more parts, separated by a dot (.). The right-most part is the top-level domain or extension, it is managed by a registry offering second-level domains to users. Possible domain registration periods vary from 1 to 10 years. For example, we use the domain zone.eu where “zone” is our registered second-level domain name respectively the .eu domain registry. We have also added additional hostnames to our domain like www.zone.eu/support and webmail.zone.eu. What is needed for e-mail? You need to register a domain and point it to an e-mail service that hosts your mailbox. We offer one free mailbox together with domain registration to get you started. E-mail is also part of our web hosting service and e-mail only hosting plan. Should you need more space than the standard hosting plan offers, you can upgrade to 50GB Premium and 100GB Ultimate plans. What is needed for a website? A website needs a domain for address, a web hosting server and a content management system like WordPress where you can pick a design theme, upload your photos and add texts. We offer web hosting plans that support 1-click installs of different applications. Or you can choose our WordPress plan which has it already pre-installed. How easy it is to start eCommerce? The easiest way is to add WooCommerce plugin to your WordPress and enter information about your products, so you can be up and running in less than an hour. However, adding online payment options takes a bit more time, as you need to pick a payment processor, sign an agreement and do a bit more configuration. Another good option is PrestaShop that is designed for easily self-managed e-shops and comes with great features like multiple language support out of the box. Can I transfer my existing domain, e-mail and web to Zone? Absolutely, and we’d like to help! We are sure your web will run faster on our servers and it will be easier for you to manage everything from a single dashboard. We offer free migration for both e-mails and websites. For more complex situations, you can ask for paid personal support, and our engineers and domain specialists will do all the work needed for seamless migration. Made for humans, by humans Our support is always here to help! Our customer support team is available to help you via email, phone, or chat. We are real people, not bots. We will quickly solve your problems. Read helpful articles at www.zone.eu/support Write to us at support@zone.eu We work with reliable and inventive partners to offer you the best service Find a perfect domain... .ee .eu .com .net .org .info .fi .lv .lt .se .ac .at .be .cc .ch .co .co.uk .cz .de .dk .fr .hr .io .is .li .lu .me .nl .pl .com.pl .pt .ro .sh .si .tv .vg .com.ee .fie.ee .med.ee .pri.ee .academy .accountant .accountants .actor .adult .ae .agency .ai .amsterdam .apartments .app .archi .art .associates .attorney .auction .audio .band .bar .bargains .bayern .beer .best .bid .bike .bingo .bio .biz .black .blackfriday .blog .blue .boutique .brussels .build .builders .business .buzz .cab .cafe .cam .camera .camp .capital .cards .care .careers .casa .cash .casino .cat .catering .center .ceo .chat .cheap .christmas .church .city .claims .cleaning .click .clinic .clothing .cloud .club .coach .codes .coffee .college .cologne .community .company .computer .condos .construction .consulting .contractors .cooking .cool .country .coupons .courses .credit .creditcard .cricket .cruises .cymru .dance .date .dating .deals .degree .delivery .democrat .dental .dentist .design .dev .diamonds .diet .digital .direct .directory .discount .doctor .dog .domains .download .earth .education .email .energy .engineer .engineering .enterprises .equipment .es .estate .events .exchange .expert .exposed .express .fail .faith .family .fans .farm .fashion .film .finance .financial .fish .fishing .fit .fitness .flights .florist .flowers .fm .football .forsale .foundation .fun .fund .furniture .fyi .gallery .garden .gift .gifts .gives .glass .global .gold .golf .graphics .gratis .green .gripe .group .guide .guitars .guru .haus .healthcare .help .hiphop .hockey .holdings .holiday .horse .host .hosting .house .how .ie .immo .immobilien .in .industries .ink .institute .insure .international .investments .irish .it .jetzt .jewelry .kaufen .kim .kitchen .koeln .land .lawyer .lease .legal .lgbt .life .lighting .limited .limo .link .live .loan .loans .lol .london .love .ltd .ltda .maison .management .market .marketing .media .memorial .men .menu .mobi .moda .moe .money .mortgage .music .mx .my .network .news .ninja .no .one .online .paris .partners .parts .party .photo .photography .photos .physio .pics .pictures .pink .pizza .place .plumbing .plus .poker .porn .press .pro .productions .properties .property .pub .qa .racing .recipes .red .rehab .reisen .rent .rentals .repair .report .republican .rest .restaurant .review .reviews .rip .rocks .run .sale .sarl .school .schule .science .services .shoes .shop .shopping .show .singles .site .sk .ski .soccer .social .software .solar .solutions .soy .space .store .studio .study .style .supplies .supply .support .surf .surgery .systems .tattoo .tax .taxi .team .tech .technology .tennis .theater .tips .tires .today .tools .tours .town .toys .trade .training .uk .university .vacations .vc .ventures .vet .video .villas .vision .vodka .voyage .wales .watch .webcam .website .wedding .wiki .win .work .works .world .ws .wtf .xyz .yoga .zone .ευ .ею Register domain Transfer existing domain .eu 4.50€/year .com 12.46€/year .net 16.76€/year .org 13.92€/year .de 7.80€/year .fr 12.72€/year 1999-2026 © Zone Media OÜ Customer support: support@zone.eu Zone About Us Why Zone Contacts API documentation Zone Status Partners Privacy Policy Terms of Service Data Sub-Processors Cookies Services Domain Registration Zone+ AI Assistant Web Hosting WordPress Hosting Managed CloudServer CloudServer VPS