Cross-border technology & ecommerce plugins for landed cost | Zonos Product Partners Resources Developers Pricing Calculators Sign in Book a demo Press release Read how Zonos works with CBP Unlock global sales Managing tariffs, calculating duties and taxes, and ensuring compliance for your business. Book a demo Ship with Australia post Ship with Canada post 16+ Years of experience 4.7+ Star rating 200+ Supported countries 70,000+ Orders per day Trusted by thousands of brands Powering global commerce with accurate tariff calculations and seamless cross-border solutions. "With Zonos, we took full control of our international shipping—using our preferred carriers, optimized tracking, and providing upfront duties & taxes. Since implementing Zonos, our customer service complaints have dropped by 70% . Customers now have clear expectations, better tracking visibility, and a smoother shopping experience. Plus, we're shipping to more countries than ever. " Borderless Everything you need for seamless global ecommerce Reaching international shoppers isn't just about shipping—it's about building trust from the moment they land on your site. With Zonos, you can adapt your storefront to local needs and customs, display prices in customers' own currencies , and handle all the tax/compliance details behind the scenes. The result? Higher conversions and happier global customers. The best localized Checkout experience Expand your global reach effortlessly. Offering seamless international shopping, Checkout is your key to global ecommerce success. Explore Checkout Zonos for Shopify Calculate and present duties, taxes, and fees at checkout. View app Calculate a total landed cost Get guaranteed accuracy. Never pay a cent more than what was calculated. Try it now Automate HS code classification Instantly classify products across global markets while our seamless integration options eliminate manual data entry. Start classifying Integrations Easily integrate your favorite platforms and carriers At Zonos, we understand that your business relies on a complex ecosystem of ecommerce platforms, marketplaces, and shipping carriers. That's why we've built robust integrations with the tools you already use and love. Get started Connect without compromise Integrate ecommerce platforms without changing your workflow. Connect your own carriers Access global shipping carriers through one simple integration. No platform left behind Add new carriers or markets without overhauling your entire operation. Beyond expectations Zonos is driving remarkable experiences that enable success stories, empower businesses, and fuel growth across ecommerce and supply chain. “ Zonos was a game-changer from the moment of implementation. It literally opened the world up to the availability of our products, creating a great experience for our customers with no surprises, and protecting us from fraud globally. Zonos is a no brainer. ” AFE “ With Zonos, we took full control of our international shipping using our preferred carriers, optimized tracking, and providing upfront duties & taxes. Since implementing Zonos, our customer service complaints have dropped by 70%. Plus, we are shipping to more countries than ever. ” Jaxxon “ Sales have grown, and our warehouse and manual processes have been drastically reduced. Additionally, we don't receive nearly as many customer service emails or calls complaining about where a package is. Zonos has lowered the cost of the manual processes within the sales team and in the warehouse. ” Galco “ They have been so helpful setting up the zones for shipping and super fast. I was up and running in 3 days. The dashboard is so easy to use and print labels. I would recommend this app for anyone doing international shipping. ” BBK Performance “ International Checkout works great. It answers all of the customer's questions upfront and integrated easily with our Magento website. With Checkout, we are able to fulfill international orders as easily as domestic. ” Rockler “ Zonos allows you to expand your business internationally. They take care of everything you need: the taxes, duties, and shipping costs. If someone is trying to expand internationally, Zonos is the one-stop-shop for that. I'm a huge fan. I've loved everything Zonos has done for us! ” VAT19 “ We have swapped from Global-E to Zonos and I can say that from the start the finish on the on-boarding process has been simple, fast, and painless. I have felt supported and listened to throughout while having everything explained clearly. ” Juliet Dunn London “ In addition to reducing the strain on our customer support team, there was a reduction in chargebacks and parcels being either rejected or sent back to us. Those have been the two most significant benefits of working with Zonos. The partnership came from a necessity and it evolved into even more optimizations. ” VRG GRL “ Quite literally the best onboarding/integration process I have had with any partner in my ecomm experience. The app, the people, the functionality is all just fantastic for anyone trying to help overseas customers get access to their product. ” Nads Under “ We've had a great experience using Zonos Duty and Tax. Their guidance made the setup process smooth and helped us get the most out of the app. I highly recommend Zonos to any business looking for a reliable solution to manage duties and taxes for international shipping. ” Maison Louis Marie “ Zonos was a game-changer from the moment of implementation. It literally opened the world up to the availability of our products, creating a great experience for our customers with no surprises, and protecting us from fraud globally. Zonos is a no brainer. ” AFE “ With Zonos, we took full control of our international shipping using our preferred carriers, optimized tracking, and providing upfront duties & taxes. Since implementing Zonos, our customer service complaints have dropped by 70%. Plus, we are shipping to more countries than ever. ” Jaxxon “ Sales have grown, and our warehouse and manual processes have been drastically reduced. Additionally, we don't receive nearly as many customer service emails or calls complaining about where a package is. Zonos has lowered the cost of the manual processes within the sales team and in the warehouse. ” Galco “ They have been so helpful setting up the zones for shipping and super fast. I was up and running in 3 days. The dashboard is so easy to use and print labels. I would recommend this app for anyone doing international shipping. ” BBK Performance “ International Checkout works great. It answers all of the customer's questions upfront and integrated easily with our Magento website. With Checkout, we are able to fulfill international orders as easily as domestic. ” Rockler “ Zonos allows you to expand your business internationally. They take care of everything you need: the taxes, duties, and shipping costs. If someone is trying to expand internationally, Zonos is the one-stop-shop for that. I'm a huge fan. I've loved everything Zonos has done for us! ” VAT19 “ We have swapped from Global-E to Zonos and I can say that from the start the finish on the on-boarding process has been simple, fast, and painless. I have felt supported and listened to throughout while having everything explained clearly. ” Juliet Dunn London “ In addition to reducing the strain on our customer support team, there was a reduction in chargebacks and parcels being either rejected or sent back to us. Those have been the two most significant benefits of working with Zonos. The partnership came from a necessity and it evolved into even more optimizations. ” VRG GRL “ Quite literally the best onboarding/integration process I have had with any partner in my ecomm experience. The app, the people, the functionality is all just fantastic for anyone trying to help overseas customers get access to their product. ” Nads Under “ We've had a great experience using Zonos Duty and Tax. Their guidance made the setup process smooth and helped us get the most out of the app. I highly recommend Zonos to any business looking for a reliable solution to manage duties and taxes for international shipping. ” Maison Louis Marie Graphql Take control and integrate directly with Zonos APIs Save development time with our comprehensive cross-border APIs. We handle the complexities of international duties, taxes, and compliance so your engineering team can focus on building exceptional customer experiences. One simple integration gives you access to our entire global commerce infrastructure. Explore the docs Mutation mutation { landedCostCreate ( input : { currencyCode : USD endUse : NOT_FOR_RESALE shipmentRating : "shipment_rating_822af8c6-9d3f-49e5-bc7a-1a96691c322b" tariffRate : ZONOS_PREFERRED taxes : [ { amount : "3.375" formula : "6.75% of the item cost" item : "item_268b5769-4ffd-47d5-a1c7-0177a9a281d1" description : "Sales Tax" } { amount : "4.6575" formula : "6.75% of the item cost" item : "item_1735c05f-cc4a-48bc-8a4f-de8346572288" description : "Sales Tax" } { amount : "2.47725" formula : "6.75% of the shipping cost" description : "Sales Tax" } ] rootId : "zonos_internal_federated_request_2610cbc2-991e-4acc-b78c-106ed1b06792" } ) { id
    landedCostGuaranteeCode
    taxes { amount
      formula
      item { id
        sku
        amount } } amountSubtotals { items
      taxes
      shipping } shipmentRating { shipmentRatingCartons { carton { items { item { sku
              amount
              id } } } } } } } Streamlined data exchange Access exactly the data you need with efficient and
schema-driven queries. Future-proof architecture Build once with our stable API contracts that evolve without breaking changes. Expand your global reach Let Zonos handle the complexity of global ecommerce—from taxes and duties to carrier coordination—so you can focus on scaling your business. Read the docs Book a demo Products Checkout Landed Cost Classify Restrict Screen Hello API GraphQL reference API status Resources Documentation Guides Blog Podcasts Webinars Calculators Company Careers Pricing Contact sales Get support Follow us LinkedIn Youtube X Instagram Copyright © 2025 Zonos • Privacy Policy Terms of Service