Groups
Documentation
Forums
Get Involved
Log In
Upgrade Storage
Your personal
research assistant

Zotero is a free, easy-to-use tool to help you
collect, organize, annotate, cite, and share research.

Download

Available for Mac, Windows, Linux, iOS, and Android

Just need to create a quick bibliography? Try ZoteroBib.

Meet Zotero.
Collect with a click.

Zotero automatically senses research as you browse the web. Need an article from JSTOR or a preprint from arXiv.org? A news story from the New York Times or a book from a library? Zotero has you covered, everywhere.

Organize your way.

Zotero helps you organize your research any way you want. You can sort items into collections and tag them with keywords. Or create saved searches that automatically fill with relevant materials as you work.

Cite in style.

Zotero instantly creates references and bibliographies for any text editor, and directly inside Word, LibreOffice, and Google Docs. With support for over 9,000 citation styles, you can format your work to match any style guide or publication.

Stay in sync.

Zotero can optionally synchronize your data across devices, keeping your files, notes, and bibliographic records seamlessly up to date. If you decide to sync, you can also always access your research from any web browser.

Collaborate freely.

Zotero lets you co-write a paper with a colleague, distribute course materials to students, or build a collaborative bibliography. You can share a Zotero library with as many people you like, at no cost.

Rest easy.

Zotero is open source and developed by an independent, nonprofit organization that has no financial interest in your private information. With Zotero, you always stay in control of your own data.

Still not sure which program to use for your research? See why we think you should choose Zotero.

Ready to try Zotero?
Download
Documentation
Forums
Blog
Privacy
Terms of Service
Get Involved
Developers
Jobs
Follow us

Zotero is a project of Digital Scholar, a nonprofit organization dedicated to the development of software and services for researchers and cultural heritage institutions, and is developed by a global community.