Play and Win at Zula Casino: The Hottest New Social Casino in the U.S. LogIn Sign Up LogIn Sign Up Games Promotions About Contact SIGN UP NOW Log In The best free-to-play Social Casino Claim your sign up gift Play 2000+ games No purchase necessary Hot New Slots Classic Jackpots All games Hot Game Providers Invite Friends Get Bonuses Out of this world INVITE NOW New More Games Start playing our exciting slots to hit a Mega Jackpot and win thousands of FREE ! PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT GRAND Start playing our exciting slots to hit a Mega Jackpot and win thousands of FREE ! PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT GRAND Slots More Games What are you waiting for? Join Millions of Players It's always free to play Join the fun Sweepstakes Zula Casino in the U.S. Zula Casino is a new sweepstakes casino available to US players looking to enjoy their favorite casino-style games for free. No purchase is required, and there’s even a special welcome package waiting for you. Our library is stacked with titles from industry-leading providers, and thanks to Zula Casino’s intuitive platform, you can play these games on any device of your choice. How to Sign Up at Zula Casino—Register and Start Playing Free Slots in No Time The online gaming world is fast-paced, and you shouldn't have to wait before you start enjoying your favorite casino-style games at Zula Online Social Casino. Just follow these quick steps to set up your account. Click the “Sign Up” button at the top of the screen. Enter your first name, last name, email address, and password. Agree with our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. Select the “Create an Account” button, and you are good to go! Whether you are a PC gamer or enjoy playing on your mobile phone, just visit our site from the web browser on your device and get an account in minutes. No download is required. Enjoy Countless Bonuses and Promotions at Zula Sweepstakes Casino in the USA You don't just get access to a wide array of popular casino-style games at Zula Social Casino—we also provide you with several opportunities to earn extra coins. If you are new to the Zula free sweeps casino, you can start your gaming journey with a robust 100,000 GC + 10 SC welcome package. You can claim and enjoy this no-deposit bonus without making any purchase or entering any promo codes — it is absolutely free! These coins can also be used to play any slot machine you choose. Of course, welcome bonuses are not the only promotional offers available at Zula Social Sweeps Casino. Thanks to our daily log-in bonus of 10,000 GC and 10 SC, you can start every day with the biggest of smiles. We also have special rewards for players who refer us to their friends and a VIP program to appreciate long-term gamers. There are also slot tournaments with mega GC and SC prizes to be won. Understanding Sweepstakes Gaming at Zula Casino At Zula Sweepstakes Casino in the U.S., there are two types of currencies — Gold Coins and Sweeps Coins. GCs are free and allow you to experience all the games on our platform without risks. You can easily get them from our welcome bonus and daily rewards. After enjoying free gameplay with your Gold Coins, you can switch to Sweeps Coins and take your gaming experience to the next level. They work similarly to GCs; the only difference is that you can redeem your SC winnings. If you accumulate enough Sweeps Coins, you get to exchange them for real rewards. You can also bulk up your SC coins by making a purchase at our store. We have partnered with the best payment providers in the country to guarantee safe and reliable transactions. Whichever coin you choose is fine; the only thing that matters at Zula Casino is that you are having fun. Also, remember that purchasing coins is completely optional, and you'll always have enough GC to browse, find, and play your favorite games. You understand that you are providing information to SCPS LLC. The information you provide will be used to obtain Virtual Coins, and/or participate in Games using virtual coins. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY A minimum age of for US residents is required. Player Safety The sweepstakes promotions offered are operated by SCPS LLC. The registered address for SCPS LLC. is 850 New Burton Road, Suite 201, Dover, DE 19904 COPYRIGHT © SCPS LLC. 2025. No Deposit Bonus means that no purchase of Gold Coins is required by you to receive the free coins. TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT US BECOME AN AFFILIATE YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES BLOG Whoa! You found me all the way down here! Pick a box to CHECK WHAT IS INSIDE