Skip to content
Zuora Launches AI-Ready Monetization Catalog to Power Any Business Model, Even Faster
Learn more
THE ZUORA MONETIZATION PLATFORM
Every monetization model in one powerful solution
Watch a demo
Speak to an expert
A Recognized Leader

Named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Recurring Billing Applications

Read More

Ranked #1 in the ISG Research Subscription Management Buyers Guides

Read More

Ranked #1 in Product and Strategy in Automated Revenue Management

Read More

Zuora recognized as a Leader in the 2025 Forrester Wave: Recurring Billing Solutions

Read more
Trusted by the world’s leading companies
More case studies
Industry leading solutions for modern recurring revenue businesses
Zuora supports your recurring revenue growth across pricing and packaging, billing, customer acquisition, and quote-to-cash whether you monetize through subscriptions, usage, or optimize across a full range of pricing strategies.
Accurately manage recurring billing
Flexible billing software that supports any mix of recurring, usage-based, or one-time pricing models with a comprehensive product catalog. Accurately bill and invoice complex charge calculations, eligibility logic, amendments, and more.
Explore billing
Works well with

Zuora Revenue to automate revenue recognition

Track and meter usage data
Collect and measure data to bill customers based on usage. Give customers visibility into what they’re using in real time.
Explore usage
Works well with

Zuora Billing for flexible pricing and billing

Launch dynamic paywalls
Create personalized experiences and paywalls based on customer behavior. Easily configure soft and hard registration walls, time-bound trials, dynamic freemium models, and bundled offers.
Explore paywalls
Works well with

Zuora Billing for flexible pricing and billing

Automate revenue recognition
Fully automate complex revenue recognition problems. Close your books faster, handle contract changes, simplify audits, and drive GAAP reporting and disclosures.
Explore rev rec
Works well with
Zuora Billing for flexible pricing and billing
Technology + expertise to help you adapt and innovate

You need the right technology and mix of business models to guarantee sustainable recurring growth. From simple subscription billing to usage-based approaches, Zuora’s suite of robust and easy to use tools support your business as you scale.

Slide 1

“You don’t want to have to change your billing system — that’s why you want to get it right from the start. Zuora provides a foundation that you can evolve to. Our homegrown billing system was manual and delayed the sales cycle, but with Zuora, everything is much more automated so PagerDuty can easily provide self-serve.”

– Oriana Lemme
Director of Growth, PagerDuty
Slide 2

“People want a revenue system that they feel is bulletproof and that they can count on, so they aren’t constantly having to worry about double-checking data. Zuora Revenue was the best solution that fits our business model.”

– Karl Mosgofian
CIO, Gainsight
Slide 3

“More and more customers are buying into the idea of continually experiencing new functionalities, new features, and new capabilities over time. With Zuora running in the background, we are well-equipped to deliver sustainable value to our customers, based on dynamically evolving offerings that fit [their] demands.”

– Rahma Samow
Head of Siemens Healthineers Digital Health Global Sales, Marketing and Digital Go-to-Market
Slide 4

“Zuora’s strength lies in its hugely knowledgeable team who are able to understand a business problem and provide a technology solution. They embed themselves within the business and take a vested interest in ensuring success, not only for implementation but throughout the product life.”

– David Magliano
Managing Director, Membership, Marketing and Consumer Revenue, Guardian News & Media
20%
Increase in direct paywall conversions  
30x

user growth in less than six months

100+
IT billing, and engineering hours saved each month
75%
Faster processing time
INTEGRATED ECOSYSTEM
Integrate into your applications ecosystem
Zuora provides low-code SDKs and APIs that work quickly with existing applications and ecosystems. Easily snap up into your tech stack.
Stacked with value
Greater value, less code with Zuora’s new SDK and API’s.
Explore SDK
Better together
Enhance integrations with Microsoft, Snowflake and more.
View partners
Resources you may find interesting
Demos
Industry trends
Pricing and packaging
The SEI report
Billing and payments
All resources
By using the website, you agree to the use of cookies. Head to our cookie policy to learn more about cookies and manage cookies on this website.
Manage Settings Accept
Cookie Preferences