ZURB - Home Contact Us Design that works Turn ideas into outcomes you can measure. For over 25 years, ZURB has partnered with ambitious teams to turn bold ideas into measurable progress. We use design to uncover clarity, drive growth, and solve the problems that hold teams back. → Get a free web audit University of Oregon The primary objective of this project is to redesign and enhance the University of Oregon's homepage to better serve key audiences, improve navigation, and optimize engagement. 28% higher engagement with target KPI's 39% increase in positive impressions over baseline experience Indiana University Online We helped IU Online assess their site, understand user needs, and identify opportunities to improve clarity and performance. The work led to new concepts and prototypes built with the Rivet design system to better showcase their programs. Applications on the IU Online site increased by over 30% Pages views increased by 39% while engagement increased by 80% Hulu Press Delivered a complete redesign of the Hulu Press site along with a new CMS that simplified publishing and content management. The updated experience improved navigation, highlighted priority shows, and supported faster, more accurate press workflows. Improved all usability scores across all primary actions to over 90% Improved the overall sentiment by 75% across homepage variations Xurrent Rebrand Created a new brand and website that improved clarity, usability, and credibility. Complex pages became easier to understand, core flows more intuitive, and the refreshed system unified how Xurrent tells its story. Saw a 56% jump in positive sentiment on the homepage Improved readability for complex technical pages by 28% Previous Slide University of Oregon case study Current Slide Indiana University Online case study Hulu Press case study Xurrent Rebrand case study Next Slide We've helped 2500+ teams launch, learn, and lead. From friction to forward motion AI Experience Design Map high-leverage use cases Prototype & Evaluation flows Evaluate with user feedback loops Complex Websites Pages that users find easy to use Content and UX that convert Systems that scale workflows Product Innovation Iterative discovery and design Measure needs, intent and value Clear findings and decisions Let's uncover where design can move your business forward. Schedule your free web audit → Tools of the trade Design Jumps Move from hunch to prototypes in less than a week. Contact Us → UX Metrics Measure intent, usefulness, and outcomes with UX metrics in Glare framework. Check out Glare → Concept Testing Validate UI, messaging, and ideas with Helio's rapid UX metrics and design signals. View Helio → Our Ideas Learn how ZURB combines design, data, and clarity to move teams forward. View Blog → 25 years of design momentum We've worked with some of the biggest names in tech, and coached hundreds of founders, teams, and leaders along the way. ZURB is driving the industry forward: from product jumps to UX metrics, we help teams adapt and thrive. Our story → GET IN TOUCH Take Me to Your Leader Got a project you're excited about and think we can help? Contact Bryan at [email protected] Name Phone Number Company Email Address How Can We Help? Beam Me Up Fill 1 Created with Sketch. © 1998–2025 ZURB, Inc. Playground Privacy Policy © 1998–2025 ZURB, Inc. Playground Privacy Policy What's this?? You've unlocked a Cow! You're well on your way to collecting all the cows! Either check them out now, or click on the cow in the footer! × Check it out