Free Mobile & Online Games - Zynga - Zynga Zynga Games Company News Investors Advertisers Blog Our Story Leadership Press Kit Careers Life at Zynga Job Openings Interns & Grads Play With Pride Support Player Support Player ID & PIN Games Company News Leadership Investors Advertisers Blog Careers Life at Zynga Job Openings Locations Disciplines University Support Security Update Player Support Player Forums 101 Okey Plus 1010! Backgammon Plus Barista Life Baseball Heroes Bid Whist Plus Black Diamond Casino Blob Runner 3D Boggle With Friends Boggle: Arcade Edition Bounzy! Build Roads Çanak Okey Plus Car Restoration 3D Cashier 3D Crosswords With Friends CSR Racing 2 Dodge Master Dragon City Drive Thru 3D Empires & Puzzles: RPG Quest FarmVille 2 FarmVille 2: Country Escape FarmVille 2: Tropic Escape FarmVille 3 Fast Driver 3D Fit and Squeeze Flipper Dunk FreeCell Solitaire Game of Thrones Slots Casino Game of Thrones: Legends Garden Tails Gear Race 3D Gin Rummy Plus Go Knots 3D Gold Rush 3D! Golf Rival Gun Gang Hair Challenge Harry Potter: Puzzles & Spells High Heels! Hit Guys Hit It Rich! Joust Run Match Factory! Merge Dragons! Merge Farm! Merge Magic! Merged! Money Maker 3D Monster Legends Oil Well Drilling Okey Plus Onnect Overloaded Picker 3D Pixel Shot 3D Puzzle Combat Queen Bee! Repair Master 3D Repair My Car! Rummy Plus – Original Card Game Sleep Well! Solitaire Spades Plus Spider Solitaire Tangle Master 3D Tasty Town – The Cooking Game They Need You Tiny Royale: ZOMBIES! Toon Blast Top Troops Touchdrawn Towing Race Toy Blast Two Dots Water Shooty Weapon Cloner Willy Wonka Slots Wizard of Oz Magic Match Wizard of Oz Slots Wonka’s World of Candy Wood Shop Word Life – Crossword puzzle Words With Friends World Chef Zero21 Solitaire Zynga Poker View Game Merge Dragons! Can you save the magical world of Dragons? Zynga's Latest Featured Games View Game Leave it all behind and escape to the farm, where the air is fresh and the people are friendly. Experience nature at its finest, harvesting bountiful crops and raising hundreds of adorable animals. Take a break from the world and enjoy life at a different pace. Available on Android and iOS. View Game Represent your Hogwarts house and celebrate the magic and enchantment of Harry Potter like never before! Prepare to master spells, outsmart challenges, and explore the wonders of the Wizarding World while becoming enchanted by the most marvelous matching puzzles ever found on your mobile device! View Game View Game View Game Are you ready to spin the slot machines on your way to the ultimate glory: The Iron Throne? Test your skill in one of the most immersive, free slot machine games to come out of the Seven Kingdoms. View Game Attention Wordies! We’re excited to announce the launch of Words With Friends, a next-generation take on the world’s most popular mobile word game today on the App Store for iPhone and iPad and on Google Play for Android devices. View Game View Game View Game Join Zynga Poker for some fun with your friends, or enjoy a little friendly competition against millions of other users, 24/7, 365 days a year. View Game Setting a new standard in visuals, CSR 2 delivers hyper-real drag racing to the palms of your hands. Compete against live players across the world with your custom built supercars including LaFerrari, McLaren P1™, Koenigsegg One:1 and many more. View Game View Game View Game Welcome to a land where you can merge all sorts of things in the world to evolve them into even more wondrous things! View Game Zynga is a global leader in interactive entertainment with a mission to connect the world through games and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (NASDAQ: TTWO). With massive global reach in more than 175 countries and regions, the combined diverse portfolio of popular game franchises has been downloaded more than 10 billion times on mobile, including CSR Racing™, Dragon City, Empires & Puzzles™, FarmVille™, Game of Thrones: Legends, Golf Rival™, Hair Challenge™, Harry Potter: Puzzles & Spells™, High Heels!™, Match Factory, Merge Dragons!™, Merge Magic!™, Monster Legends, Screw Jam, Seat Away, Toon Blast™, Top Eleven, Toy Blast™, Two Dots, Words With Friends™, and Zynga Poker™. Founded in 2007, Zynga is headquartered in California with locations in North America, Europe, and Asia. For more information, visit www.zynga.com or follow Zynga on X , Instagram , Facebook , or the Zynga blog . Zynga is a leading developer of the world's most popular social games that are played by millions of people around the world each day. Support Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookies Security Global Job Applicant Privacy Notice Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information Cookie Settings © Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. All Rights Reserved.