Zype | Video Content Management API for Mission-Critical Streaming Skip to content Close Products Zype Streaming Platform Encoding Videometa CMS Video CRM Content Delivery Integrations Analytics Zype Playout Advanced API Tools Advertising Destinations Graphics Channel Programming Live Video Inserts Zype Apps Creator TV Apps OTT Mobile Apps OTT Web Apps Solutions By Industry Media & Entertainment Faith Health & Fitness Sports Enterprise Education By Use Case Simplify Video Content Management Publish Video to Your Website Stream Live Launch Linear Channels Build Video Apps Monetize Your Video & Audience Developers Zype API Explore APIs Developer Guides Pricing Resources Blog News Partners Support Help Center API Reference Documentation Request Demo Sign In -> Products Solutions Developers Pricing Resources Request Demo Sign In -> ZYPE STREAMING PLATFORM Encoding Video CMS Video CRM Content Delivery Analytics ZYPE PLAYOUT Advanced API Tools Advertising Destinations Graphics Channel Programming Live Video Inserts ZYPE APPS CREATOR TV Apps OTT Mobile Apps OTT Web Apps By Industry Media & Entertainment Faith Health & Fitness Sports Enterprise Education Use Case Simplify Video Content Management Publish Video to Your Website Stream Live Launch Linear Channels Build Video Apps Monetize Your Video & Audience Create Secure Viewing Portals AI & Automation DEVELOPERS Zype API Explore APIs Developer Guides RESOURCES Resource Center Blog News Integrations Support Help Center API Reference Documentation The video content management API for mission-critical streaming AI-enabled and API-first, Zype powers reliable, scalable video streaming on your website, apps, and channels. Get started Manage Organize playlists, curate metadata, store long-term Distribute Share your videos to everyone, everywhere Monetize Turn your video content into revenue Analyze Track video performance and audience engagement Loved by video innovators Build and launch streaming video experiences Quickly launch streaming apps, channels, and services, and monetize them across owned and operated or third-party streaming platforms. Simplify your video workflows Streamline live, linear, or on-demand video workflows and improve operations from a centralized platform with customizable tools to help you automate media and audience management and video distribution. Optimize for your business needs Cost-effectively complement existing video infrastructure with our modular cloud-based software, business-friendly dashboards, and analytics to help maximize revenue generation and end-user engagement. API-driven solutions, trusted by developers Zype provides a flexible and extensible API-centric architecture so you can build powerful video products that evolve with market demands, customize workflows to meet your specific needs, or easily integrate with existing in-house or partner technology stacks. Control at scale starts here Zype gives you full control with a robust API and unified platform, allowing you to manage, stream, and monetize without the limitations of off-the-shelf tools. Video Content Management Learn More Live Streaming Learn More Video Publishing & Delivery Learn More Audience Management & Monetization Learn More Linear Playout Channel Production & Distribution Learn More OTT Video Applications Learn More Learn what Zype products can do for you ZYPE STREAMING PLATFORM ZYPE STREAMING PLATFORM Learn More ZYPE PLAYOUT ZYPE PLAYOUT Learn More ZYPE APPS CREATOR ZYPE APPS CREATOR Learn More Discover Why Streaming Video Providers Choose Zype “Zype is constantly thinking of new features for their users that are helpful and do a great job at integrating these as core features of their product. They are able to find solutions that fit their customers' business needs. Zype's product evolves around real world needs.” Mark Kirk SVP Director of Digital Operations, KONAMI “Zype’s API is fantastic. It allowed our organization to automate many of our processes. Zype’s platform makes it easy for us to share assets across websites and apps from a centralized system, so we can optimize the impact of a single video. With a limited team of developers, Zype’s templated apps were key in enabling us to launch on multiple endpoints and quickly expand our reach.” Justin Peterson Executive Director of IT at AWM " The standout feature of Zype is their genuinely customer-centric approach. The support team is incredibly responsive, knowledgeable, and feels like a true partner invested in our success, not just a vendor. Beyond the fantastic people, the platform itself is powerful, easy to use and comprehensive. Having a robust, all-in-one solution for our FAST channel management, from playout to distribution, has been a significant upside. It simplifies complex workflows and has proven to be incredibly reliable. We were able to seamlessly integrate Zype into our internal systems and workflows, which made the daily use of the platform effortless." Kate Sturgess Head of 9Now Programming & Operations at Nine " Zype offers an exceptionally user-friendly dashboard and comprehensive services for managing our video content across various partner platforms. We have consistently experienced outstanding customer service, and the development features provided have met and often exceeded our expectations. The combination of intuitive functionality and responsive support has greatly enhanced our ability to deliver high-quality video experiences to our audience." Tom Anderson Manager of Metadata & QA “Zype’s Playout allowed Night Flight to build two distinct channels that we are able to update with new programming each week. We have seen a huge shift to these channels in terms of viewing patterns of our subscribers” Stuart Shapiro Founder, Night Flight “With the help of Zype, the launch of our first FAST channels has been seamless,” said Paul Josephsen, chief strategy officer, WMX Media. “They provided an important tool to help us import and manage our vast amount of content, and we are grateful for their continued support.” WMX Launch Press Release “Using Zype Playout, we were able to implement an ‘Always-On strategy’ for YouTube. Zype Playout’s ease of use allowed us to grow our main channel. After just six months, we increased our monthly watch hours by 900%,” Steven Keith Channel Manager, Spinmaster “Through the development process, Zype listened to our needs as a premium video content provider that has both an AVOD and SVOD business model. The early feedback has been tremendously positive from our viewers.” Ryan Dadd SVP of Digital,  Outside TV "We have been fortunate to establish an embedded relationship with several facets of the Zype team which has resulted in dynamic experiences for our viewers. As we continue to rapidly grow, we are confident in the capabilities of the Zype solutions to grow with us.” Christopher Mohs COO of SHG Living Explore G2 Reviews Trusted by Top Streaming Platforms BLOG POSTS Catch up on the latest from Zype All Blog Posts Vincent Hoang 12.19.25 8 min read AI for Custom Scripts: Leveraging Zype’s Robust Set of APIs and AI to Create Quick Solutions. Every streaming business has a set of requirements and tasks to complete in order to get to market, each with its own set of ... Start Reading Julia Aramouni 12.02.25 7 min read OTT in 2026: Trends Every Media Leader Needs To Prepare For The age of "growth at any cost" in streaming is over. We are entering a profitability era where every content investment, ... Start Reading Scott Cliburn 10.24.25 10 min read The Ultimate Media Workflow: Iconik for Collaboration, Zype for Distribution - MAM and Video CMS APIs In today’s fast-paced media landscape, efficiency and collaboration are everything. By combining Iconik’s powerful media ... Start Reading Subscribe to stay up to date on the latest in the streaming industry. Get industry news delivered to your inbox, handpicked every week by our team at Zype. Harness the power of Zype's video infrastructure Get a Demo Powerful cloud-native SaaS for creating and delivering impactful video and entertainment efficiently and at scale. Zype is a Backlight business. PRODUCTS ZYPE STREAMING PLATFORM Encoding Video CMS Video CRM Content Delivery Analytics ZYPE PLAYOUT Advanced API Tools Advertising Destinations Graphics Channel Programming Live Video Inserts ZYPE APPS CREATOR TV Apps OTT Mobile Apps OTT Web Apps SOLUTIONS BY INDUSTRY Media & Entertainment Faith Health & Fitness Sports Enterprise Education BY USE CASE Simplify Video Content Management Publish Video to Your Website Stream Live Launch Linear Channels Build Video Apps Monetize Your Video & Audience Create Secure Viewing Portals AI & Automation DEVELOPERS Zype API Explore APIs Developer Guides Resources Resource Center Blog News Integrations Support Help Center API Reference Documentation SECURITY & COMPLIANCE Security & Compliance Acceptable Use Policy Availability SLA Terms of Service ©2024 Zype | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Accounts Receivable Inquiries: +1 833-902-4424 Backlight, ftrack, cineSync, Iconik, Celtx, Zype and Wildmoka are trademarks in the United States and other countries and may not be used without permission of their respective owners. All rights reserved.