Full-Stack Web Scraping API & Data Extraction Services  | Zyte PINGDOM_CHECK ⏳ Live Webinar - Jan 20: Explore 2026 web scraping trends and get early access to Zyte’s Industry Report. Register now Login Register 👋 Contact Sales Web Data Zyte Data Rock solid, reliable web data at scale Product & E-commerce From e-commerce & online marketplaces News & Article From online publishers & news websites Data for AI Collect and structure web data to feed AI Search Search engine results page data (SERP) Job Posting From job boards and recruitment websites Social Media From social media platforms online Real Estate From listings portals and specialist websites Products Zyte API The Ultimate API for web scraping. Avoid website bans and access a headless browser or AI parsing. EXPLORE ZYTE API FEATURES Ban Handling Headless Browser AI Extraction Web Scraping Copilot The complete, production-ready spider workflow from AI-generated code to cloud deployment. All in VS Code. Explore Web Scraping Copilot Scrapy Cloud Run, monitor, and control your Scrapy spiders with Scrapy Cloud's easy-to-use web interface and APIs. Learn more about Scrapy Cloud Developers Technology Overview Zyte tech stack for web scraping Support Center Access knowledge base and raise support tickets Documentation Get started with Zyte products Open Source Zyte open-source projects Developer Discord Community Join our developer community on Discord Product Overview A guide to see which tools to use when, where and why. Pricing Resources Learn Web scraping 101 Blog Helpful short-form content for data teams Webinars Webinars for data extraction pros Case Studies Web data extraction stories from our customers White Papers Industry reports published by Zyte experts Join our Community Get early access to exclusive live events 📄 Web Data compliance View all the resources Company Meet Zyte Our story, people and values Jobs Check out our open roles Contact us Get in touch Support Knowledgebase and raise support tickets Terms and Policies Access our terms and policies Trust Center Explore our security and compliance Login Register 👋 Contact Sales g2 capterra proxyway Access the web's data. Clean, ready, and at scale. Unblock, render, and extract any website’s data with the all-in-one Web Scraping API. Try free Find out more Zyte Managed Data Let us build and manage your web data feeds. Zyte’s Managed Data service combines 15 years of web data expertise with AI automation to get your feeds live faster, without setup fees or compliance risks. Talk to us More about managed data AI Built for web scraping We use our patented AI and automation to keep costs low, without sacrificing quality and accuracy Built-in legal compliance We are the undisputed legal compliance leaders in web data extraction. Don’t do web scraping without legal peace of mind. Accelerate your data projects Zyte’s patented AI, with human oversight, lets businesses add websites to data feeds in hours—cutting costs and speeding up time-to-value. Trusted by data driven organizations Zyte for your business Product data Collect quality, accurate product and pricing data from the biggest e-commerce websites and product marketplaces in the world. Explore Product data News & Article Accurate articles and news data from global publishers and the largest news websites in the world. Explore News & article data Flights From monitoring flight schedules to ticket prices, flight data can present opportunities you never thought about! Explore Flight data AI & LLM AI and machine learning applications often need large amounts of quality data, and web data extraction is a fast, efficient way to build structured data sets. Explore AI & LLM data Business Places Get business location data from hard-to-scrape websites and directories to drive lead generation and market research. Explore Business Places data Social Media Social Media is a global phenomenon and part of everyday life for billions of people, so many people are interested in accessing that data at scale. From sentiment analysis to brand monitoring, social media data can help you access a treasure trove of insights. Explore Social Media data Search Scraping search engines to see which websites rank in which positions in search engines for any given keyphrase by automating the process of performing a search and parsing the results to extract positions. Explore Search data Real Estate Collect quality, accurate real estate data and property listings data at scale, to power your business, processes, and applications. Explore Job & Real estate data Job Posting Job listings data at scale to power any process or application. Get a 360 view of the jobs boards and recruitment websites you care about. Explore Job posting data We've scraped over 5 trillion web pages. For over 4,500 companies. Across 249 countries. Spanning 13 years. And we're not stopping. We believe in an open web, and that's why we provide the products and services for you to access it. Try free Find out more about Zyte Humble brag? Maybe. But thousands of happy customers can't be wrong. It Just Works Zyte was able to offer the most simple and effective rotating proxy solution for us. It just works. Profile photo of Aurélien Jemma Aurélien Jemma CEO at Liwango Liwango logo Always there Collaboration with Zyte has been easy and support was always there throughout our journey. Profile photo of Ru Hickson Ru Hickson Data Engineer at Kinzen Kinzen logo 5 Lines of Code It was literally 5 lines of code to get started with Smart Proxy Manager and see crawling success. Profile photo of Oskar Bruening Oskar Bruening CTO at Peek Peek logo For Successful Business Without Zyte Smart Proxy Manager our business is not successful. Profile photo of Michael Raburn Michael Raburn Co-Founder of Bridge Below Company logo Join the world's biggest web scraping community Extract Data Community Join our developer community on Discord A vibrant Discord community of over 20,000 web scraping enthusiasts, dedicated to sharing insights, learning new technologies, and advancing their web scraping skills. Join us Extract Data Community Revisit the standout sessions from Extract Summit 2025 Catch up on top sessions, expert insights, and key takeaways from 2025. Watch on-demand and explore the highlights at your convenience. Watch now Zyte Affiliate Program Start earning recurring commissions today Join Zyte's affiliate network and earn 50% commission on every client referral. With no setup costs and monthly payouts, you can start monetizing your audience immediately. Become an affiliate Some people say we're kind of obsessed. And they're right. We spend all day thinking about data extraction. Gemini 3.0 Pro is the new best model for writing scrapers Why AI agents struggle with web scraping (and how to help them) Key takeaways from the Getty v. Stability AI UK ruling Partial autonomy, full control: Why we built Web Scraping Copilot How an analytics platform solved a ‘hard-to-scrape’ site using Zyte API Unblockers vs. Zyte API – what’s the real cost of bans? Why your spiders keep getting banned, and how to fix it New in Zyte: Web Scraping Copilot, LLM-friendly text, MCP scraping Five key takeaways from Extract Summit 2025 Blogs Resources Webinars Zyte Developers Coding tools & hacks straight to your inbox Become part of the community and receive a bi-weekly dosage of all things code. Join us Web Data Zyte Data News & Articles Search Social Media Product Data for AI Job Posting Real Estate Products Zyte API - Ban Handling Zyte API - Headless Browser Zyte API - AI Extraction Web Scraping Copilot Zyte API Enterprise Scrapy Cloud Solution Overview Resources Blog Webinars Case Studies White Papers Documentation Web Scraping Maturity Self-Assesment Web Data compliance Company Meet Zyte Jobs Terms and Policies Trust Center Support Contact us Pricing Do not sell Cookie settings Get Started Sign up Talk to us Cost estimator G2.com Capterra.com Proxyway.com © Zyte Group Limited 2026