About
Libraries
API
GitHub
Status
Home
API Documentation
cdnjs provides a simple API to allow anyone to quickly query the libraries we have on the CDN.

We provide two main endpoints, the libraries endpoint which allows anyone to search through the full set of libraries we offer, and the libraries/:library endpoint which allows for detailed data to be ascertained for a specific library.

ENDPOINTS
Browsing all libraries on cdnjs
Getting a specific library on cdnjs
Getting a specific version for a library on cdnjs
Fetch details about the cdnjs file extension whitelist
Fetch basic statistics for cdnjs
Error responses from the cdnjs API
Browsing all libraries on cdnjs

The /libraries endpoint will return a JSON object with three top-level properties.

This API endpoint can also be used to search cdnjs for libraries, by making use of the optional search URL query parameter.

The cache lifetime on this endpoint is six hours.

Query Parameters
PARAMETER	TYPE	REQUIRED	DESCRIPTION
search	string	optional	

The value to use when searching the libraries index on cdnjs.

Libraries will not be ranked by search relevance when they are returned, they will be ranked using the same ranking as when no search query is provided.

This ranking is done by Algolia and is primarily based on the number of stars each library's associated GitHub repo has.


fields	comma-separated string	optional	

Provide a comma-separated string of fields to return in each library object from the cdnjs Algolia index.

name and latest will always be present in every object. Any field requested that does not exist will be included in each object with a null value.

Currently, the following fields (case-sensitive) are published in the Algolia index for each library and can be requested via this parameter: filename, description, version, keywords, alternativeNames, fileType, github, objectID, license, homepage, repository, author, originalName, sri.

The available fields are based on the SearchEntry structure in