1.1.1.1
DNS
Families
English
You are one step away from browsing a faster, more private Internet
More Info
DNS: Internet’s Directory

Nearly everything on the Internet starts with a DNS request. DNS is the Internet’s directory. Click on a link, open an app, send an email and the first thing your device does is ask the directory: Where can I find this?

Unfortunately, by default, DNS is usually slow and insecure. Your ISP, and anyone else listening in on the Internet, can see every site you visit and every app you use — even if their content is encrypted. Creepily, some DNS providers sell data about your Internet activity or use it to target you with ads.

We think that’s gross. If you do too, now there’s an alternative: 1.1.1.1

Privacy First: Guaranteed.
We will never sell your data or use it to target ads. Period.

We will never log your IP address (the way other companies identify you). And we’re not just saying that. We’ve retained a big 4 accounting firm to audit our assertions about our systems annually to ensure that we're doing what we say.

Frankly, we don’t want to know what you do on the Internet—it’s none of our business—and we’ve taken the technical steps to ensure we can’t.

One of the fastest.

We’ve built 1.1.1.1 to be one of the Internet’s fastest DNS directory. Don’t take our word for it. The independent DNS monitor DNSPerf ranks 1.1.1.1 one of the fastest DNS service in the world.

Since nearly everything you do on the Internet starts with a DNS request, choosing one of the fastest DNS directory across all your devices will accelerate almost everything you do online.

* August, 2024

1.1.1.1
Google Public DNS
Cisco Umbrella
Setup on Mac

Setting up 1.1.1.1 takes two minutes and requires no technical skill or special software. Even if you’re a computer novice, pick your device below for an easy-to-follow setup guide.

iPhone
Android
MacOS
Windows
Linux
Router
Open System Preferences.
Search for DNS Servers and select it from the dropdown.
Click the