Skip to main content

OneTrust Named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™ for Privacy Management Software, Q4 2025

Access now

Solutions
Platform
Resources
Company
Request demo
Contact Sales
EN
Continuous governance for AI.

OneTrust is the AI-Ready Governance Platform™ built to prevent data misuse across your tech stack — enabling you to govern well and move fast.

Watch demo
Talk to sales
The OneTrust AI-Ready Governance Platform™

Our platform approach for privacy, risk, data, and compliance connects every governance workflow on a single platform — enabling continuous monitoring, automated controls, and programmatic enforcement across your entire organization.

Explore the platform
Integrated solutions for all areas of governance
AI Governance

Embed compliance and control across the AI lifecycle.

Learn more
Consent & Preferences

Streamline consent and preference management for consumer transparency.

Learn more
Data Use Governance

Enable data use with real-time policy enforcement for AI-ready data.

Learn more
Privacy Automation

Enable responsible use throughout the data lifecycle.

Learn more
Tech Risk & Compliance

Scale your resources and optimize your risk and compliance lifecycle.

Learn more
Third-Party Management

Automate third-party management from intake and risk assessment to mitigation and reporting.

Learn more

OneTrust scored 5/5 in 22 criteria in The Forrester Wave™ for Privacy Management Software, Q4 2025

OneTrust was ranked the highest in both the Current Offering and Strategy Categories.

Read the report
Trusted by leaders in privacy, AI, and risk

Organizations around the world choose OneTrust to protect data, reduce risk, and move faster with confidence. 

"With better visibility and control, Iberia is better positioned to meet future privacy-related challenges, including incident management and AI governance." 

Marta Cañas Miralles, Data Protection Officer (DPO), Iberia Airlines  

Read customer story
View all customer stories
Insights an