marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic. If you agree, cookies are also used to serve advertising and to personalize the content and advertisements that you see. Learn more

Agree
No thanks
Marketing Platform
Meaningful insights.
Smarter marketing.
Better results.
Google Marketing Platform brings together your advertising and analytics to help you make quality customer connections, surface deeper insights, and drive better marketing results.
Talk to Sales
A smarter platform for better results.

Deliver faster, smarter marketing.

Built-in intelligence automatically surfaces your most valuable marketing insights so you can act quickly to achieve your goals.

Gain more control over your investments.

Easily see what parts of your marketing are working and make informed decisions to improve performance — ensuring that you’re delivering quality experiences.

Understand your audience on a deeper level.

Easily integrate and access your data to gain a deeper understanding of your customers and identify your most valuable audiences.

Share insights across your team.

Make information and insights accessible to your entire enterprise so teams can work better together.

The results are incredible, it actually helped us transform our whole vision. We want to be a global brand. Google Marketing Platform facilitates that growth.

Martijn van der Zee, Chief Digital Officer, Rituals

Powerful solutions, together in one platform.
Display & Video 360

Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.

Learn more about Display & Video 360
Analytics 360

Use advanced tools to get a deeper understanding of your customers so you can deliver better experiences.

Search Ads 360

Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.

Tag Manager 360

Manage all your tags in one place for a smarter, simpler way to oversee your marketing.

Campaign Manager 360

Get a complete view of all your 