Skip to main content
Microsoft
Microsoft 365 Copilot
Products Features Prompts Support Buy Microsoft 365
All Microsoft
Sign in to your account
Welcome to the Microsoft 365 Copilot app

The Microsoft 365 Copilot app (formerly Office) lets you create, share, and collaborate all in one place with your favorite apps now including Copilot.*

Sign in
Buy Microsoft 365
Download Microsoft 365 apps for MacOS 
For Organizations
For Home
For Education
Unlock productivity, creativity, and
generative AI for your organization.

The Microsoft 365 Copilot app empowers your employees to do
their best work with Copilot in the apps they use daily.

Quick access to your AI assistant for work

Empower your organization with Microsoft 365 Copilot Chat that supercharges productivity, sparks creativity, and keeps your data protected with enterprise data protection.

Create anywhere, anytime, with any app

Anyone in your organization can quickly create documents, presentations, and worksheets within a single, unified app experience.

Your content
Your Microsoft 365

Microsoft 365 empowers your organization to organize, and safely store files in OneDrive with intuitive and easy organizational tools.

Work together, better

Keep your business connected from anywhere with chat and cloud collaboration tools.

Pick up where you left off

Microsoft 365 seamlessly tracks updates, tasks, and comments across all your files so you can pick up right where you left off.

More apps in one place

The Microsoft 365 Copilot app brings together your favorite apps and Copilot in one intuitive platform.

For Organizations
 
For Home
 
For Education
Get the Microsoft 365 Copilot mobile app
[*] Copilot Chat in the Microsoft 365 Copilot app is available for Microsoft 365 Enterprise, Academic, SMB, Personal and Family subscribers with a work, education, or personal account. It is available in these supported languages: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/supported-languages.
[**] Microsoft 365 Personal or 