This website uses cookies, pixel tags, and local storage for performance, personalization, and marketing purposes. We use our own cookies and some from third parties. Only essential cookies are turned on by default. Cookies settings

Allow all cookies
Do not allow cookies

Skip to main content

Products
Solutions
Community
Resources
Pricing
Log in
Contact sales
Get started for free
Make anything possible, all in Figma
Make anything possible, all in Figma
Make anything poss​
Get started

SLIDE 1 OF 8

Figma lets you turn big ideas into real products. Brainstorm, design, and build with your team.

Prompt, code, and design from first idea to final product
Prompt
Design
Draw
Build
Publish
Promote
Jam
Present

Prompt to code anything you can imagine with AI.

Explore Figma Make

Figma helps us paint the north star for the whole company. It keeps everyone aligned and excited.

Henry Modisett
Head of Design

Bring everyone together with systems that scale
Share libraries and design systems across teams. 

Create reusable components, variables, and brand assets to keep your entire organization building with the same visual language.

Explore design systems
Unlock your team with on-brand templates. 

Share templates with your organization so anyone can quickly create social media assets, display ads, one-pagers, and more.

Explore Figma Buzz
Create one source of truth for devs and designers. 

Get specs, annotations, and code snippets in one dedicated space with Dev Mode.

Explore Dev Mode
Ship products, any way you want
Turn Figma context into code

Our Figma MCP server lets you bring Figma context directly into your agentic coding tools.

Explore Figma MCP
Publish custom websites—with or without code
Ship products faster with AI

Nearly everything that designers and developers need is available in Figma.

Diana Mounter
Head of Design

Explore what people are making
Virtual Teleportation Portal App
Masaya Takizawa
Bubbles Design System
Raul Marin Calleja
Virtual Graffiti Wa